scott bartlett's 'offon' is nine minutes of pure craziness. it is a full-frontal assault of psychedelic, pulsating, epilepsy-inducing flashing lights and colours, and the first true merging of film and video in avante-garde cinema. there's no story to speak of, but bartlett uses images of nature – particularly the human face and form – to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into the highly-industrial form of modern technology. in a sense, the film represents the merging of humanity into his tools, his machinery, his technology. this theme connects loosely with the subplot of hal9000 in stanley kubrick's '2001: a space odyssey (1968),' and, indeed, bartlett's opening sequence of images – flashing colours before a close-up human eye – recalls dave bowman's journey through the stargate. the visuals are richly-coloured, a confronting blend of sharp, vivid photography and increasingly-grainy video, as though we're sitting too close to a television screen {as a matter of fact, the end product was recorded from a tv monitor}.there appears to be some confusion about the film's release date. imdb lists the film as a 1972 release, but both the national film registry and the national film preservation foundation give 1968 as the correct year. perhaps this disparity reflects the time between the film's completion and its first public screening. either way, the visuals are distinctly ahead of their time, occasionally reminiscent of a 1980s music video, and some brisk techno music wouldn't have gone amiss, either! 'offon' captures grainy, fragmented images, presenting life from the warped perspective of a computer processing too much information. i had a thought – and please don't laugh at this free-thinking interpretation – that an extraterrestrial civilisation capturing earth's television signals might very well receive such a disjointed, alien documentation of human life, a bizarre montage of only vaguely-familiar imagery that couldn't possibly make any coherent sense. perhaps this is where mankind, with all his technology, is eventually heading, towards an irreversible merging of film and video, of purity and artificiality.

imdb lists this as 1972 for some reason, but the other sources i've seen including the excellent program notes mark it as '68. doesn't really matter, except that it's quite interesting to watch this abstract collage of film and video (one of the first art works to merge the two apparently) in the context of the star gate sequence in 2001, released the same year. pure abstraction isn't really my thing, but i can take it in small doses and the super-saturated optically printed colors and psychedelic feel of this series of flowers, rohrschach blots, birds, etc is pretty compelling and quite beautiful. certainly helped paved the way for many other nascent video artists in the 70s, and deserves to be better known.

once when i was in college and we had an international fair, the russian section had a soviet-era poster saying "ne boltay!", meaning "don't gossip!". i "translated" it for the "generation" of tv watchers as "don't be gladys kravitz!" (in reference to the nosy neighbor on "bewitched").however, when you see the result of gossip in the pvt. snafu short "rumors", you see that it's not quite a laughing matter. in this case, the perpetually witless soldier overhears something about bombing and immediately assumes that the axis powers have attacked the united states. so, he tells it to someone, who tells someone else, who tells someone else, and it continues. as in "the russians are coming, the russians are coming", the story gets blown more and more out of proportion each time, so that when it gets back to snafu...well, you know what i mean! yes, it's mostly wwii propaganda - complete with a derogatory term for the japanese - but i have to say that the pvt. snafu shorts were actually quite funny. of course, since they had dr. seuss writing and mel blanc providing the voices, it's no surprise that these came out rather cool. worth seeing.

friz freleng's 'rumours' is an excellent private snafu cartoon that warns against spreading panic-inducing rumours during wartime. produced, as were all the snafu shorts, to be shown to military audiences as entertaining instructional films, 'rumours' is extremely imaginative and crams tons of ideas into its very brief lifespan. when snafu starts a rumour about a bombing, it escalates into an eventual rumour that america has lost the war. this is illustrated brilliantly by way of a long, rubbery piece of baloney and several strange, fictional creatures who come back to haunt snafu with ever more terrible news about his country's military. 'rumours' is inventive, fast paced and funny, all of which help to overshadow the rather laboured, "don't badmouth the military" message. it stands up as one of the best of the private snafu shorts.

rumors is a memorable entry in the wartime series of instructional cartoons starring "private snafu." the films were aimed at servicemen and were directed, animated and scored by some of the top talent from warner bros.' termite terrace, including friz freleng, chuck jones, and carl stalling. the invaluable mel blanc supplied the voice for snafu, and the stories and rhyming narration for many of the films was supplied by theodor geisel, i.e. dr. seuss. the idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid imagery, using the character of snafu as a perfect negative example: he was the dope, the little twerp who would do everything you're not supposed to do. according to chuck jones the scripts had to be approved by pentagon officials, but army brass also permitted the animators an unusual amount of freedom concerning language and bawdy jokes, certainly more than theatrical censorship of the time would allow-- all for the greater good, of course.as the title would indicate, this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors. the setting is an army camp. private snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine (something you won't see in any other hollywood films of the era) and their casual conversation starts the ball rolling. we observe as an offhand remark about a bombing is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor that sweeps the camp. the imagery is indeed vivid: the brain of one anxious soldier is depicted as a percolating pot, while the fevered speech of another is rendered as steamy hot air, i.e "balloon juice." a soldier "shoots his mouth off," cannon-style, and before you know it actual baloney is flying in every direction. winged baloney, at that. panicked soldiers tell each other that the brooklyn bridge has been pulverized, coney island wiped out, enemy troops have landed on the white house lawn, and the japanese are in california. the visuals become ever more surreal and nightmarish until at last the camp is quarantined for "rumor-itis" and private snafu has been locked up in a padded cell.this is a highly effective piece of work. the filmmakers dramatized their theme with wit and startling energy, and the message is still a valid one. in recent years we've seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can breed all kinds of wild rumors that spread more rapidly than ever thanks to communication advances. because the technology has improved, the private snafus of our time are able to broadcast their own balloon juice via e-mail, cellphones and blogging. consequently, rumors is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message doesn't feel at all dated; in fact it may be more timely than ever.

this was another world war ii message to the soldiers and to the allies to be careful about spreading rumors. these were called "instructional" cartoons because it was a mixture of serious messages along with a funny-looking main character called "pvt. snafu."all of us have imaginations, along with fears and what-have-you, and that's what happens here as pvt. snafu incorrectly adds two and two to something he hears and comes up with "five." you can start panics and all kinds of disasters if you spread enough rumors and enough people believe them. that includes losing confidence in your country and your cause, as pointed out here in this cartoon. a good way to lose a war is demoralize the enemy. that's still being done today. "we lost the war," declares one big baloney near the end of this cartoon. amazing how some americans still haven't learned. this cartoon may be 65 years old but it sure has relevance today. as i write this, there were two terrorist bombings in europe today and some people still think the "war on terror" is just a bumper sticker slogan. amazing.the writer, the famous "dr. suess," uses analogies of "hot air balloon juice" here to present the above message. with theodore geisel (his real name) you know the rhymes will be clever.nothing hilarious here, but it wasn't meant to be. you have to understand the climate of 1943 and the justified paranoia that was out there during world war ii. people forget that war could have easily wound up with the other side winning. it was a tense time

i first heard about this film about 20 years ago when i was a kid in grade school(!), it just so happened that i was thumbing through the encyclopedias in the classroom one day, and under the entry for movies (or cinema, i don't remember), were several stills for different movies from mainstream to experimental, and one of them shown on the page was a still for offon. it really intrigued me, since it stood out the most on the page (it was a still from the film of the scene with the eye with other elements superimposed over it).about 18 or so years later, the public library here where i live had available for checkout the whole 4-dvd set of "treasures of american film archives" released by the national film preservation foundation. so when i was reading the notes on the dvd cases for the set, i was quite pleasantly surprised to see that offon was on one of the discs. after all these years, i could finally see the film! after viewing it, it slightly wasn't was i was expecting it to be (it tended to be a more organic-looking film, not that that's a bad thing, but i was expecting it to have a more electronic aesthetic), but it was still an impressive film, imho, considering the techniques scott bartlett used to make the film, including hand-tinting the film itself, and using video equipment for some of the film's scenes (filmed off of a video monitor), giving it a more distressed, lo-res look.don't get me wrong, the techniques used in this film were quite ground-breaking for 1972. that's why it's still one of my favorite short/experimental films, and a creative inspiration for me as well...

this movie has to be my favorite of all time. its not supposed to have a plot, because its makers wanted people (charlie sheen, i think)to believe it was a real snuff film. this was an exercise in visual effects, and doesn't cut away when the action happens like every other film does. movies these days are now all about sound effects, leaving the visuals to be made by computers cause its easier to deal with cgi blood. there still are movie makers who still can't get fake blood to look like the real thing. there is no rape scene because that wasn't the point of making the film. have you seen the hills have eyes 2? the rape scene was funny instead of shocking. although i'm sure there are some gonzo porn film makers that have tried to marry porn with horror. but since they probably suck at making films, they probably wouldn't be able to pull it off. the movie "baise moi" has a disturbing rape scene because the actresses are actually porn stars and they show everything even though the movie overall sucks.its too bad that a movie can't be made without thinking of the money aspect of it all, especially when talking about an ao or nc-17 rating. i'm sure eli roth has the ability/talent to make his hostel film series much much better, but he has too tame it down to get an r rating...or at least i hope that his movies sucked because of these limitations.watch traces of death or more than smashed pumpkins if you want no frills real footage (accident & crime scenes/footage). don't forget that this movie was made in 1985. the fact that this film can still stand up against most crap made these days says a lot about this film. that would be like someone saying the 8bit super mario brothers sucks because the ps3 has better graphics.

this movie is banned in just about every foreign country i can think of. the japanese people (?) who star in this must have been really desperate for a job, or we're just friends. here's the scoop:three thugs torture the hell out of a helpless woman, they use all kinds of things to eventually kill her, they burn her, kick her, spin here around in a chair (over 200 times!), they use sound torture (by forcing her to listen to a static sound for over 20 hours! it don't sound that bad at all, but it can make you go nuts). they throw guts (probably from an animal) at her while shes knocked out, and she freaks when she wakes up. and who can forget the grande finale the greatest eyeball torture i have ever seen!if you have not heard of these films, and watch one without knowing that it is a simulated snuff film, you will think it is! (just ask charlie sheen) this is guaranteed to freak people out and make some sick! like i said pure underground. check it out if you are a fan of underground horror, or foreign gore. if your not i highly recommend you read-up on the series before watching! from the gore, shock, and creativity aspect it gets a 10, but from the storyline and all that stuff it is a 1. an underground classic...my final rating is a 8/10

i first heard of this movie after purchasing the 1976 flick "snuff". i was told that devil's experiment was much better so naturally i went ahead and ordered the guinea pig box set. i was really interested to hear that charlie sheen had come out trying to ban either this movie or the second one, so my interest was peaked.devil's experiment is a short film with no story, no character development. just 3 men torturing a woman for about 45 minutes. they torture her in various ways like beating her, spinning her in circles over and over again then forcing her to drink alcohol, forcing her to listen to hi-pitched noise for 24 hours, smash her hand with a mallet, burning and putting maggots on the burns, throwing guts at her, and ultimately shoving a sharp needle through her eye.i must say that a lot of this movie was fake, like the beating scenes. but then, some of it was actually well done as far as grossing you out. the scenes in which the woman is being spun around in circles was making me dizzy watching it. or the scene in which she is forced to listen to sharp noise for 24 hours is painful to think about. the worst is the eye scene. i didn't shutter when watching it but simply thought "damn, that looks pretty good for such a low budget movie". i did enjoy the flick but i don't know if i can really recommend this unless you have seen most of what the horror genre has to offer. 7/10

this is the first out of the guinea pig series, and is one of the more infamous films out of the collection.it took me a long time to finally man up and get my hands on a copy of this notorious group of films. i bought the guinea pig box set and decided to watch the collection in order by release date. so i popped this sucker in and sat down.from what i had read on the internet, and realizing the content involved in this film, i was expecting to test my nerves in full force. this ended up not being the case.the film focuses on a group of men who kidnap a woman and begin torturing her with the hopes of discovering the human breaking point, and how long a human can tolerate pain.sounds like one sick flick right? wrong. the film fails to shock. this may be because i have become desensitized over the years do to my obsession with horror, but i think it is safe to say that any true gorehound could sit through this with ease.on the other hand an individual who does not have a well knowledge of this type of film will most likely be overwhelmed and disgusted by the images they see on the screen. though it failed to shock me the film contains some pretty mean spirited and graphic scenes of violence. including the ripping out of fingernails, intestines thrown at an unconscious woman, and a needle through the eye.overall i think for majority of the gorehounds on this board that you should just get your hands on a copy of this film for the novelty of it, but i suggest that for any new comers to these type of films that you should work your way up to this one.

guinea pig: the devil's experiment is without a doubt ***** stars on first view, its a raw realistic creepy and disturbing look into the dark side of human nature. this movie gets right to the point, you may be thinking what point? the point is to satisfy fan's of just extreme violence and gore. this movie has some gore, more or less just torturing a women violently. there are really only 3 scene's that could be considered gore. i'll tell you one thing though guinea pig: the devil's experiment makes hostile look like sesame street. if you thought hostile was a crazy brutal disturbing torture flick then you ain't seen the half of it until you've seen guinea pig: the devil's experiment.movie rating 0-5, gore 0-10guinea pig: the devil's experiment (uncut) ***** (7)

i am surprised than many viewers hold more respect for the sequel to this brilliant movie... i have seen all the guinea pigs and this one is easily the best.even though ive seen the "making of", i still have doubts when watching those 35mins of pure torture : its that powerful.a 10 out of 10 because this movie achieved perfectly what it set out to do : be the best fake snuff film ever made.

after having watched "guinea pig", two questions come in mind ( besides 'am i really a psychopath to watch that ?' ) : 'is it a snuff ?' the answer is no ; although it's the closest thing to a snuff movie i've ever seen. and then : 'where the hell have they found that girl ?'. because she gets tortured for '45 min, without any reasons given ( in fact, there is nothing else in this movie !) : fingernails teared off, beaten with hands, feet, tools, infested by maggots, ... and many more until the final scene ( i'm still not sure how they did that ). because it belongs to the 'japonese underground scene', it's obvious she didn't get a lot of money. so what were her ( their ) motivations ?i saw it in japonese without subtitles, but it's not a problem ( no real dialogues, the boys are just insulting her in a few scenes ). i haven't seen yet all the serial, but the first "guinea pig" is not known for being the best one. still i've rated 8, because if the purpose was making people believe this a snuff, the issue is quite good ( ask charlie sheen, the actor ). but i think they could have gone further, which they did in the following ones.another movie i'm hiding from my parents.8/10

this movie has no story. it's only about a bunch of guys who tortures an innocent young girl to death.!!!spoilers!!!this is what they do: they beat her, put her in a net and let her hang inside like birdfood, spin her around on a chair until she pukes, expose her to loud noise, pour boiling oil on her, put worms in her sores, crush her hand with a sledge-hammer and finally pokes a needle through her eye.this movie was so realistic that if i didn't know it was fake i would have thought it was a snuff-movie. although i was disgusted by this movie i really liked it. it scared me. i guess it fills some kind of purpose. i give it a 10/10.

i have seen the short movie a few years ago. after that i watch all sequels. the first one is really not the best - but it's the most popular one. i've already watch the making of guinea pig 1. it's really great what these guys did. also the sequels are excellent in the special effects. take your chance to watch it!

this movie is the first of the six infamous guinea pig movies and is one of the best. at the same time, it looks realistic and unrealistic, just knowing that the movie is fake. the story is about a woman who got captured and is tortured in a lot of different ways. a man in the beginning of the story receives a letter without a return address, and it includes a manga video, showing the torture. the men who capture her are testing the limits of a human before they die. some scenes are shocking, such as the eyeball scene and others are not shocking like the girl being punched 100 times, because you see punches in nearly every movie. this movie has a lot of gore so i would recommend this to people 17 or older.9/10

the first installment of this notorious horror series is presented as if it were a snuff film discovered by the producers and set up like an amateur camcorder tape, complete with a digital timer at the bottom of the frame. it presents a woman being kidnapped by a gang of black-clad men who torture her for several days before finally killing her. the hapless victim is beaten savagely and pelted with raw meat before having her fingernails pulled out with pliers, her hand smashed with a hammer, her eye punctured with a needle, and so forth.in the most nauseating scene, the woman's captors burn her with hot water and drop live maggots into the burns. the series received a great deal of publicity when american actor charlie sheen, believing the series to contain actual murder, attempted to ban its distribution in the united states. an fbi investigation revealed that the films were only what they appeared to be to most viewers -- sick re-creations using nasty, but obvious special effects. gruesomely staged by acclaimed japanese comic-book artist hideshi hino, who also directed the third and fourth episodes, this film is a sure way to clear all but the most tolerant of rooms. but, gorehounds probably won't find anything special.

what can i say about this film that hasnt already been said? well to tell the truth alot of it looks very fake like some of the slaps and the kicks. how charlie sheen though this was real i dont know. im sure they would be hitting and kicking her alot harder if it was. however the scenes with the pinching and the hot oil look very real. and the final needle in the eye scene is amazingly done and is probibly the only thing on film that has ever shocked me.

wow, alot of reviews for the devils experiment are here. wonderful. my name is steve and i run unearthed films. we just started releasing the guinea pig films on dvd for north america. now before you ask why am i writing a review? instead ask why some people bash it. i'm writing this review because i love the guinea pig films. why do i love em, it's because they go for the throat and they don't let go. i've seen it all. almost every horror film known to man, argento, fulci, bava, buttgereit. from every underground cult sensation to every hollywood blockbuster. i've seen it all and the films that have stuck in my head over the years was definitely the guinea pig films. why because it doesn't try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in the 1st place. this review is for the devils experiment. i find it devoid of story which is fine by me. why do i watch horror films? so i can see blood and gore and the torture of people. the devils experiment not only delivers but that's all it is. pure unadulterated violence. yeah i like a story but sometimes i just want the gore and the devils experiment delivers ten fold. why do people bash it. cause they like a story, so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story. it make em feel better about themselves. we all want blood and gore. it's just really hard to justify it if it's not wrapped around a story. the guinea pig films have a historical meaning to them and they have created a definitive splash whenever they have been released.i'm thrilled to be able to release one of the most famous horror series in the world. maybe i shouldn't have written this review but then again maybe i should. my view is biased cause were releasing them but then again it's not. i've always told people to find them and to watch them way before i started unearthed films. sure it's exploitive and over the top but isn't that why we watch horror films in the 1st place. the devils experiment is not for everybody. it's for thrill seekers and gorehounds only. if you think jason movies and freddy krueger movies are awesome then stick to those. but if your on the next level and have seen it all then the devils experiment is for you. there is a reason why they haven't been released for over 17 years. they are wrong, disgusting and down right freaky and not something to watch with your mom, unless she is totally cool. good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.

a lot of people unfairly sh!t on this series but several of the guinea pig videos are fairly entertaining. devil's experiment in particular has some really fantastic effects work--not just the infamous eyeball scene but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a hand breaking with a sledgehammer are very realistic--especially for the video's vintage and low-budget.let me start at the beginning now for those who don't know: this film is an "extreme" torture/fake snuff film that surfaced in japan in the mid-80s. it's plot as it stands is simple: a young girl is held by a few men and forced to undergo a series of brutal tortures to see where her breaking point is. this entails brutal violence--all effectively realistic effects including the ones mentioned in the last paragraph as well as a painful looking application of hot oil to the captive girl's arm and placing of maggots in the subsequent flaky wound.the least effective sequences are at the very beginning of the video and consist of an unconvincing slap session where three men take turns slapping the hell out of the girl as her head falls about and a second sequence where the three men take turns kicking the girl and pushing her to the ground. these two scenes are obviously staged and detract from the realism of the rest of the proceedings.the actress who plays the victim of the "experiment" is pretty convincing at being in pain and takes a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on camera. her reactions as she has headphones strapped to her head and loud noises are played for hours on end are chilling. some of the other abuse she takes is being strung up in a net from a tree during the only times she is given a rest. also there is a disturbing scene where the giggling captors through guts at her and one other disgustingly sleazy scene where she is spun in an office chair and forced to drink a bottle of jack daniels till she pukes.if you haven't seen this series i hope i have helped you decide whether or not you want to give this episode a shot. 8.5/10 for devil's experiment.

the first installment of this notorious horror series presents a woman being kidnapped by a gang of black-clad men who torture her for several days before finally killing her.she is beaten savagely,spun around in the chair endlessly,has her finger nails pulled,animal guts are thrown at her,hot boiling water is poured on her and finally her eyeball is punctured with a needle(really sick and nasty scene).the makers of this unforgettable torture show tried to make it as real as possible and for me this one is the closest thing to a snuff film you can get without committing murder on tape.of course some of the special effects are rather poor but the idea of making a snuff is pretty gruesome.i have seen also "flowers of flesh and blood" which is more gory and sadistic,but less disturbing.anyway,this one is a must-see for horror fans!

first off, this is not supposed to be a brilliant and thought provoking film like so many other reviewers seem to compare it to. the first review says something along the lines of anyone who likes this knows nothing about horror cinema, apparently its the other way around. if one were to look back after the film it really wasn't meant to be convincing, it was a low budget ipecac. but really thats all it was aiming for, it was meant to blow viewers away with sheer shock value (and all the flaws it its visuals were much less noticeable back in the original vhs versions). i gave this one a high score because it reached its goal and even though it was not downright horrific (in non-shock sense) it did make me slightly sick and thoroughly paranoid/pessimistic(i didn't trust anyone for about a week because i didn't want to wake up strung up and tortured)

there has been a political documentary, of recent vintage, called why we fight, which tries to examine the infamous military industrial complex and its grip on this nation. it is considered both polemical and incisive in making its case against both that complex and the war fiasco we are currently involved in in iraq. yet, a far more famous series of films, with the same name, was made during world war two, by hollywood director frank capra. although considered documentaries, and having won oscars in that category, this series of seven films is really and truly mere agitprop, more in the vein of leni reifenstal's triumph of the will, scenes of which capra recycles for his own purposes. that said, that fact does not mean it does not have vital information that subsequent generations of world war two documentaries (such as the bbc's lauded the world at war) lacked, nor does that mean that its value as a primary source is any the less valuable. they are skillfully made, and after recently purchasing some used dvds at a discount store, i found myself with the opportunity to select a free dvd with my purchase. i chose goodtimes dvd's four dvd collection of the series.rarely has something free been so worth invaluable. while there are no extras on the dvds, and the sound quality of the prints varies, these films provide insight into the minds of americans two thirds of a century ago, when racism was overt (as in many of the classic warner brothers pro-war cartoons of the era), and there was nothing wrong with blatant distortion of facts. the seven films, produced between 1942 and 1945, are prelude to war, the nazis strike, divide and conquer, the battle of britain, the battle of russia, the battle of china, and war comes to america.overall, the film series is well worth watching, not only for the obvious reasons, but for the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of the plural for terms like x millions when referring to dollars, rather than the modern singular, or the most overused graphic in the whole series- a japanese sword piercing the center of manchuria. yet, it also shows the complexities of trying to apply past standards to current wars. the lesson of world war one (avoid foreign entanglements) was not applicable to world war two, whose own lesson (act early against dictatorships) has not been applicable in the three major wars america has fought since: korea, vietnam, nor iraq. the fact that much of this series teeters on the uncertainties of the times it was made in only underscores its historic value in today's information-clogged times. it may not help you sort out the truth from the lies and propaganda of today, but at least you'll realize you are not the first to be in such a tenuous position, nor will you be the last.

the second of the why we fight series concentrates on hitler's grab of the sudetanland and beyond as he makes a chump out of neville chamberlain and embarks on his conquest of europe. clearly meant as propaganda in its day this series over the test of time has become an informative documentary as well with most of the "allied bias" turning out to be historical fact. the fuhrer hoists himself on his own petard with smug pronouncements before his people and the world as he says one thing and does another as his army moves east. the czechs and austrians quickly capitulate but the poles put up an heroic struggle against overwhelming odds. the disparity between hitler's military might and chamberlain waving the munich treaty like a white flag, declaring "peace in our time" to this day has durable propaganda qualities. here in its original context it resonates even more powerfully as the darkness of world war ll sets in on europe leaving the american viewer with two options, freedom or slavery. in 1943 there was no evading this simple truth and the nazis strike makes its point effectively.

adolf hitler's maniacal desire to impose his will on the rest of the world is the subject of this second in a seven part series of films produced by the u.s. war department as an instructional tool for new soldiers entering the armed forces during world war ii. hitler's plan was methodical and well conceived, starting with the conquest of eastern europe, expanding to the european heartland, then moving on to the 'world island' consisting of europe, asia and africa. his final move would be to reach across the oceans for the ultimate conquest of the americas and the world.in 1935, hitler ordered national conscription, as the rest of the country fell under his evil spell. grade school children sang his praises, and young german boys received training and indoctrination in military camps. marching unopposed into austria in 1938, hitler followed by annexing a strip of land bordering germany and czechoslovakia called sudetenland. in 1939, hitler took all of czechoslovakia. later in the year, the world was stunned to learn that germany signed a non-aggression pact with it's mortal enemy russia, a ploy to delay hitler's military involvement on too many fronts. immediately after, germany invaded poland, bringing hitler's conquest right to russia's doorstep. he would deal with her later.it was during this period that britain still declined to oppose hitler's thrust across europe. prime minister neville chamberlain felt he procured a great victory for his country by accepting a treaty with germany, his infamous declaration stating 'peace in our time'. it didn't turn out that way.the most fascinating information to be learned in this installment, at least to me, was provided by a small snippet of footage from a german pro hitler rally in the mid '30's. it was led by a german american taking his cue directly from the homeland. the venue - madison square garden!

this great film is composed mostly of documentary footage is currently contained on a dvd along with prelude to war. the great american filmmaker and story teller frank capra made these films which simply and clearly call attention to the main points that caused world war ii and hitler's rise.every school child, nay, every american should watch these films today because they are so apropos. history has been repeating itself over and over again! the lord chamberlains are still alive and kicking; the tactics used by the nazis of infiltrating countries through sympathizers and then the communists and now by muslim terrorist groups, are still working to these evil group's advantage.by sitting back and letting hitler as early as 1935 be aggressive - france, america and england caused over 50 million people's deaths. americans, french and british today would happily let hitler do exactly the same thing despite the fact that we should have learned from history what happens when you let dictators break treaties.these great films may be too simplistic for world war ii history buffs. they don't tell the horrors that the soviet union caused simply because at the time america was teamed up with them, fighting hitler. this film does tell the plain facts and motives that led to the terrible war.

i turned this on to see the incredible ethel waters, whose autobiography i am now reading. i'll admit my jaw dropped when the pork chops and watermelon references started rolling in, but people cannot look at this movie as a stereotypical or racist piece. it's pretty much a short film made by blacks, for blacks at a time when the entertainment industry was quite segregated and the stereotypes to the people involved were the jokes of their time, old trends exaggerated for humor. we see modern black movies do the same thing, but with the new trends (stereotypes), "ho's" and the "hood" and such. i think if you look back in eighty years, you would find today's movies will look just as racist. what viewers should appreciate about this film is the talent of waters and the pint-sized sammy davis jr., who out taps his contemporary, shirley temple, and looks remarkably the same facially as he did as an adult. everyone involved in this film clearly had a lot of fun making it. why not enjoy it for what it is, instead of what you think it should have been?

given the opposite circumstance of 2009 where the reality is we do have a black president, this movie takes on quite a powerful historical significance. for entertainment value i found this movie to be both engaging and repugnant. i was quite taken back of course by the blatant racism of the time, but also found the music and dancing incredible. also it is quite cool to see sammy davis jr as such a very young child actor. he plays rufus jones, a young boy who is being consoled by his mammy. he is told 'why some day you could be president'. this was so ridiculous in 1933 that it was mocked and thought to be endearing, charming and funny. the bulk of the movie is a fantasy sequence of what the government would be like if it was run by a black man. they depict the seats of government as being like a revivalist baptist church.the fact was when i stumbled onto this movie one day it drew me in. it is really well done and very entertaining. i believe if we can look beyond the racism we can see this movie for all it brings us. in fact to realize that it is not only not ridiculous to have a black president, but that it is normal, just makes this movie that much more relevant. it clearly marks a moment in time for our collective consciousness.

star trek hidden frontier will surprise you in many ways. first, it's a fan made series, available only on the web, and it features mainly friends & neighbors who have the computer programs and home video cameras and sewing machines to, as mickey & judy once put it, put on a show. it's definitely friends & neighbors to, you can tell. a lot of these people aren't the most beautiful looking folks you've ever seen, or the youngest, or the thinnest… some of them stumble through their lines like they're walking on marbles… some of them have thick accents, or simply don't seem to speak well in the first place, whick makes it virtually impossible to understand a single solitary word that they're saying. still, you have to admit, for everything these friends & neighbors have put together, it's actually fun to watch. yes, some of the dialogue is hokey. yes, it's a little odd (though admittedly a little cool too) watching two starfleet males kiss (although some of the kissing scenes seem to go on and on.) yes, you cringe a bit when they clearly quote from st:tos, tng, other shows and the movies, or when you hear the theme from galaxy quest played at the beginning and end of every show. okay. we can get by that. why? the graphics are first rate. better than almost anything you've seen. and sometimes, a show or two really stands out story-wise… some of them are actually real tear-jerkers.hidden frontier is a total guilty pleasure in every sense of the word… but you have to give the people involved credit where credit is due. it takes a lot of effort to put on a production of this magnitude. people, sets, costumes, graphics… it's a huge effort on a lot of people's parts. we watch, we return, and we thank them.

hidden frontiers-is more than fan fiction- it is well thought out and organized series keeping the worlds of star trek alive and growing. from a fun little fan project to now a well known net series; hidden frontiers has a bit of something for every star trek fan in it. set in the late star trek: next generation/ds9 and voyager time lines hidden frontier takes on topics and issues raised in other star trek series with set stories using a well developed characters, plots, and story arcs. star trek hidden frontier has taken on social context stories that gene roddenberry failed to bring to the screen and has shown the development of characters in long term space assignments - the real things that happen in close quarters as well as an exciting spatial wars and conflicts sci-fi addicts know and love. done in a "green screen" studio; hidden frontiers brings a rollicking cast of regulars on to the screen and into your hearts. the large ensemble cast of actors plays well together and lovingly gives their time and energy to the project. inventive use of green screen technology, props, makes up and costumes work to make the hidden frontier worlds of star trek fun and believable. hidden frontier has gone where few tread to go in the world of science fiction, and thrived once they got there. hidden frontier offers a wonderful bonus feature of a well thought out website, with interesting discussion forums, access to creative, production and acting staff and a fun weekly chat. i highly recommend taking the time to down load and watch.

this is short and to the point. the story writing used for star trek: hidden frontier is surprisingly good. acting is all over the map, but the main characters over the years seem to have worked at improving their skills. it is hard to believe that this series has been going on for almost 7 years and will be coming to end mid-may 2007.i will not rehash what has already been said about the sets and graphics. considering this is all-volunteer, for no profit, it is pretty amazing.if this was being ranked as a professional production, i would have to give it a 5 for a good story but terrible sets. however, as a fan-based production i have to give it an excellent rating as with the exception with a few other efforts, this is in a league of its own. for sheer volume, i don't think this has been matched. congratulations to the cast and crew for an effort that many admire.

with the amount of actors they have working on the project they have a wide variety of cast. nice starship cgi in places but their green screen needs some work. anyone heard of adobe after effects 7, they should buy it get their keying better.stories are well thought out, plenty of trek elements in this to keep it in the right context. but but the idea of two guys kissing makes me wind forward the episode. im not homophobic but i cant help that i don't find men kissing entertaining (dont mind women). anyway... for a fan series this is good stuff. with minor improvement in their green screen, brush up acting and some guidance ratings this series is stunning. anyway i recommend this series to who ever enjoyed tng and ds9.

hidden frontier has been talked about and reported on by several news agencies for their long commitment to creating the best star trek stories and to providing an example of the togetherness that was gene roddenberry's mission. their focus on homosexuality, depression, war, and acceptance of different races is on par or exceeds those of the other trek series and movies. the production value started off as smaller and choppy but over the 7 seasons of production the acting has improved, the stories are more complex, and the visual graphics have gotten smoother and more impressive. in season 6 episode 1, countermeasures, there is one of the biggest space battles in trek history. the ships are rendered well and the space battles are impressive and exciting. the real draw to frontier is not the ships or the backgrounds, but it is the people and the interplay and growth of characters. there are also nods to other trek series and movies with places and characters we all know. i recommend any trek fan to check out countermeasures and you will be hooked!

i really like star trek hidden frontier it is an excellent fan fiction film series and i cant wait to see more i have only started watching this film series last week and i just cannot get enough of it. i have already recommended it too other people to watch since it is well worth the view. i have already watched each episode many times over and am waiting to see more episodes come out. i rated it a ten but i think it deserves a 12 loll my compliments to the staff of the star trek hidden frontiers on an excellent job. if u like star trek i highly recommend checking out this star trek fan fiction film. the detail associated with this series of films is excellent especially the ships and planets used in it

okay, so the first few seasons took a while to get going on the special effects way, but from the beginning, hidden frontier has given consistently good story lines and performances, and have always been willing to mistakes they've made. they advice people to see newer episodes first, so they can see just how good the show is, and understand how much it has changed since the first episodes. the cast have a fantastic camaraderie and it shows on-screen. the influx of guest actors who make their mark on the show and with fans attests also to the show, as the story lines go from strength to strength. the show has pushed barriers with its various story lines - depression, drug addiction and mainstream homosexuality - and these may have rubbed a few people the wrong way, but that is what star trek is and was all about. it portrays those story lines in a smart and emotional way, dealing with them subtly and smoothly. yes, they have used some characters from trek history, but they have done them justice - characters like shelby, lefler and necheyev, vastly underused in the show, had a rebirth in the new frontier books, but they lost their sizzle after a while, when peter david when more towards wild fantasy versus serious sci-fi, and hf shows those characters in a completely different light, which serves them better. the site also allows fans to interact with chat rooms and forums and they can get to know the people involved. they release bloopers for every episode, so the fans can see what a laugh they have, because they are people doing it in their spare time, with a dedication that would make many professional actors wide-eyed in shock! what this series, now drawing to a close after 7 years, has accomplished on such a limited amount of resources is nothing short of amazing - bringing people together, inspiring others to do the same. hf will live for a long time after it ends, as long as people still enjoy the reason it started in the first place.

i kind of consider myself as the #1 fan of hidden frontier, seeing as i am among a somewhat small group of fans who have actually met most of these guys - well, not counting conventions, of course. i have been watching hidden frontier since 2001, and i must say i continue to be impressed by what these guys have come up with.hidden frontier is the brainchild of rob caves and his self-made studio, areakt pictures, which operates out of the back room of his house. while not as "fancy" as, say, the tos-based series new voyages (which sometimes gets some of the actors/writers from the original series, like walter koenig, aka mr. chekov), rob and the cast and crew of hf manage to create a series worthy of replacing that ghastly experiment we called "enterprise". the most controversial and successful story arc has been the introduction of star trek's first openly gay character, corey aster (who was introduced in the second season), and his search to find a soul mate. somewhere later in the series, he meets jorian zen, the excelsior's trill helm officer. in the recent story lines with these two characters (warning: major spoiler! do not read if you have not watched the series up to this point!), zen is joined to an exiled symbiont, causing a great deal of change and some conflict in his relationship with aster. though the future is uncertain - seeing as the most recent episode, "beachhead", was just shown to hf fans in the chat room last night - i think that this relationship will endure, but only time will tell.gene roddenberry created star trek with the intention that the story be more about his characters rather than flashy space battles. rob caves created hidden frontier for that same reason - and this is what has made this series as popular as it is. as the previous comment stated, i wish i could give it a rating higher than 10, but it will have to suffice. although next season will be the last - keeping in the tradition of seven season shows started by star trek: the next generation - i am willing to bet that we will hear much about hidden frontier after that final episode.

this is a brilliant and well made contribution by a group of fans, and considering it's made in a back bedroom on a painted green screen it's story lines are complex and twisting, and it's characters show realistic depth and dimension. the cgi created by the crew is breathtaking. while it's first season might be a little shaky, it's final few are well thought out and well shot. some fans might have thought that the star trek franchise had come to an end with the early cancellation of enterprise, but these fans don't take no for an answer. i recommend this to fans and newcomers alike, 10/10 hidden frontier crew.make it so...

nicely done, and along with "new voyages" it's a great continuation! fab to see james cawley in the latest episode "vigil" check it out! i like the growing characterisation, and think we have good replacements for the tv actors in a fan-produced piece. this show manages to capture the feel quite well, as they state on the ste, it has improved over the years with experience and i hope with some more experience, a strong script editor, and a pick-up in timing and cgi that hf will becoming more remarkable than it already truly is!good work to all concerned!(i have a huge soft spot for lefler & mcfarland (great acting), although i'm a bit tired of "lefler's laws". enough already! shelby's great (if a little uptight) and it's cool she got the ship. commodore ian's nice (like fred flintstone), but lacks the gritty edge of a commanding officer and does seem too pleased with himself. the doc, counselor, and rawlins are right on the money in my eyes, as is the wonderful nechayev (what a beautiful accent - a real russian! (well, i'm guessing rene hails from the czech rep.)it gets my vote, and the cgi is kewl. some of the greenscreen's obvious, but on a small budget whaddayagonndo?really glad i found it!(ok, some of the acting isn't great but it's fan-made and is therefore allowed to be variable - sorry cmm. cole)the gay material is layed on too thick (graham norton'd be embarrassed). trek doesn't pay that much attention to hetero couples so why signpost gays with all the snogging? it's not necessary to showpiece someone's sexuality to this extent - i hope they tone it down & let aster & zen be people not tokens - i don't treat my gay friends any differently, they're just regular guys.musically it's a mixed bag. i can tell its all stock trek ost stuff and works most of the time, but timing can fall flat now & then (the end of "worst fears part 2" misses the crunch, and the edit. love the fact they use the "galaxy quest" music!i certainly can't wait for more!! dazza"never give up, never surender!"viva les frontieres

for the record, i am not affiliated with the production in any way.hidden frontier is probably the star trek fan film with the most episodes produced to date. over 7 seasons (this is the last) they have produced some 50 or so episodes.this is no mean feat on almost no budget and everyone volunteering their time and energy.by their own admission, the earlier seasons do not have as good production qualities as later ones but as they progress the effects, green screen work and acting all improve.i did find it difficult to "dip into" so started from the beginning and watched all the way through. hf benefits from story arcs just like all the best sci fi and dovetails nicely into the star trek universe in which it is set. characters and "relatives" from the original series have been brought into the stories and add a lot to the feel of the stories, sometimes improving on the characters over the original.the whole experience includes an excellent web site, blooper reels, a high membership forum which is frequented by many of the actors and production staff and a weekly chat.if you are looking for high definition, high budget productions, this is probably not for you.if you are looking for continued adventures in the star trek universe with stories that does star trek credit and makes you think, this is the one.

star trek: hidden frontier is a long-running internet only fan film, done completely for the love of the series, and a must watch for fans of trek. the production quality is extremely high for a fan film, although sometimes you can tell that they're green-screenin' it. this doesn't take away from the overall experience however. the cgi ships are fantastic, as well as the space battle scenes... on the negative side, i could tell in the earlier episodes (and even occasionally in the newer ones) that some of the actors/actresses are not quite comfortable in their roles, but once again, this doesn't take away from the overall experience of new interpretations of star trek. the cast and crew have truly come up with something special here, and, as a whole,i would highly recommend this series to fans of the next generation and deep space 9.

hidden frontier is a fan made show, in the world of star trek. the story takes place after voyager has returned from the delta-quadrant . it has some characters from the official star trek shows, but most of them are original to the show. the show takes place on the star base deep space 12 and on several space ships, which gives it opportunities the official shows don't have. the characters have the opportunity of a rising in the hierarchy, which characters in shows with only one ship doesn't have. the show has good computer animation of spaceships, but the acting takes place in front of at green-screen and it gives a green glow around the actors. not all the actors are equally good, but most do fine. the episodes are character driven and the characters develop over many episodes. that is a bit more like in babylon 5, than in most official star trek shows. hidden frontier takes taboos that even the official series has shrunk from using. all in all i enjoyed watching it.

hidden frontier is notable for being the longest running internet-based star trek fan series. while the production quality is not on a par with fan productions like starship exeter, or new voyages, hidden frontier concentrates largely on story, and in that regard it does very well indeed.hidden frontier has no physical sets; instead actors are filmed against a greenscreen, and the backgrounds inserted digitally. one of hidden frontier's greatest achievements is the sheer volume of work they have produced. one of the ways in which this is achieved is by inserting the virtual sets at the time of filming, instead of in post-production. while this does save a great deal of time, it's also worth noting that the quality of the resultant footage is not as high as if it had been produced in post-production, though it still serves its purpose. while it may not be everyone's cup of tea, hidden frontier is well worth a shot, though you might be best to start off watching the third season, since this is where the producers really start to hit their stride.

this is an excellent show! i had a us history teacher in high school that was much like this. there are many "facts" in history that are not quite true and mr wuhl points them out very well, in a way that is unforgettable.mr wuhl is teaching a class of film students but history students and even the general public will appreciate the witty way that he uncovers some very well known fallacies in the history of the world and strive to impress them upon that brains of his students. use of live actors performing "skits" is also very entertaining. i highly recommend this series to anyone interested in having the history they learned as a child turned upside down.

this was one of the funniest and informative shows that i have ever seen. this is a must see for anyone over the age of 16. this show had me and my 2 boys laughing out loud from the beginning. i don't know if everything on the show was true but the way it was presented left little doubt that mr wuhl was not only very knowledgeable but he also had a blast presenting this information to the very lucky college kids who were in attendance. if mr wuhl ever decides to do this format again they will have to rent a building the size of the georgia dome to hold all the people who will want to see it. i agree with the idea of making this a hbo series. it would have an amazing following

i never really knew who robert wuhl was before seeing this. but after seeing it i realized what a funny man he is. this hbo special features him teaching "american history" to new york university film students and the man was just phenomenal. he poked fun at almost every key historic event that occurred not just in the u.s. but some other parts of the world. this documentary/comedy was a great satire that made me question if what i accept as the infallible true history is really true.i enjoyed how mr. wuhl managed to mix useful information with great comedy and made learning a lot more exciting. i would recommend this to anyone interested in history and is willing to question what his/her beliefs.

i recently watched this, but when it started i had no idea what the concept was about, what the topic was.....in short - i had no idea what it was. was it a documentary, was it a comedy routine.....well, it was both.it started a little slow, but i think that's because i had absolutely no idea what type of program i was viewing. but it quickly sucked me in. the episode i watched had robert wuhl discussing fact and fiction in history. mainly how we (american's) learn history that isn't really true - and how we got to learn what we did. he did this in such a way as to keep the viewer completely entertained, and interested. i actually learned a few things and that is a true indicator of how effective this type of program can be.i would love to see this picked up as a series for hbo. i believe it can be just as fun and effective with a variety of topics - especially if they are "taught" in the same type of manner as this episode.

robert wuhl is teaching a class of film students at new york university in manhattan, new york.he covers fallacies of history and truths that are no longer generally known. i would like to see much more of this show. it is very entertaining. mr. wuhl uses examples and "show and tell" to get his points across. he explained that the person who actually rode the midnight ride of paul revere was not paul revere! henry wadsworth longfellow used revere's name because it sounded better.i've watched robert wuhl for many years, from the time he was doing stand-up comedy and all the way through "arli$$" on hbo. he's a good actor and a good stand-up comedian, but he's an excellent teacher! i highly recommend that you watch an episode of this show. it is well worth your time.

a frolics of youth short subject.a teenager, embarrassed by his fear of dogs, runs away from home. the abandoned spaniel he finds helps to change his mind.pardon my pups is an enjoyable little film, with shirley temple stealing all her scenes as the hero's lively kid sister. the opening gag - dealing with bedwetting - is in poor taste, but is quickly forgotten. highlight: the climactic fisticuffs, which look impressively realistic.often overlooked or neglected today, the one and two-reel short subjects were useful to the studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents, both in front & behind the camera. the dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film, something akin to writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel. economical to produce in terms of both budget & schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material, short subjects were the perfect complement to the studios' feature films.

in the 1930s studios would use short films like this one sort of as testing grounds for new actors, given their relative ease of production in comparison with full length feature films, so it's interesting that this one should star shirley temple, who had long since established herself as the most famous child star of all time. then again, she probably wasn't the one being tested, i would imagine that would have been frank coghlan jr., who played shirley's brother sonny in the movie and delivered a comparatively less impressive performance. then again, a 9-year-old shirley temple was probably not an easy act to accompany.the film opens with an unimpressive sight gag involving a leaky ceiling, which i suppose was designed to have shirley temple give a scornful look at the ceiling, illustrate the working class status of the family in the movie, and provide a clean transition into the next scene, which features shirley gleefully stomping in the rain.it's sonny'y birthday, and his father makes occasional and horrendously botched efforts to hide the fact that he wants to give sonny a dog that he really wants for himself, but sonny is afraid of dogs because he was bitten by one once and has been creeped out ever since. it's curious that, when his father insists on getting a dog, sonny decides to run away from home rather than have a dog in the house, and as he is running away with no destination in sight, it's also curious that the movie illustrates what seems to be an indifference to homeless people that surpasses even the astounding indifference that exists today.sonny passes a man cooking bacon in an iron skillet at the side of the train tracks (right after a train flew by which, given how close to the tracks he was, you would think would have blown the guy right off the tracks, but no matter). after sonny gives up on sharing breakfast due to the sour stare that his gleeful smile receives from the guy, he continues on and the homeless guy disappears from the movie. it's interesting to consider what a longer film would have done, because this one leaves this poor guy as a loose end.not that that matters, sonny soon hears a dog whining underneath a trestle as he passes over it, and jumps down to find a dog covered in burrs. it might seem trite that he immediately takes the dog up and adopts it since he just left home because of his fear of dogs, but it seemed to me that he just needed to be reminded not of his power over dogs, but of their lack of power over him. as soon as he saw a dog in need he overcame his fear.hey, if that's all it takes, all i have to do is find a helpless spider and i'm set! it's a very convenient movie in which everything works out exactly as it is supposed to, but it's cute enough and enjoyable enough (and short enough, as it were) to still be a fun movie. we already don't expect an epic plot in a 19-minute film, but pardon my pups still packs in a substantial amount of story and character development in its short running time. and it also features a fight scene at the end of the movie that must have made charlie chaplin proud. i am hardly an expert of shirley temple's films, but it's not hard to see how she became the most famous child star of all time.

one of the many merrie melodies cartoons that entertained american moviegoers during wwii, bob clampett's "an itch in time" portrays a hobo flea settling on elmer fudd's dog. the little guy turns into a real sadist while making a home on the dog's back, but elmer warns the dog: "one more scwatch and i'll give you a bath!" meanwhile, the flea is setting up dynamite on the dog!* and that's not the end! i noticed that in one scene, elmer is reading a comic book featuring bugs bunny and porky pig. obviously, elmer and bugs frequently co-starred but elmer never co-starred with porky (unless you count the very short "any bonds today?"). but to me, the thought of elmer reading about these other famous characters from his same genre stresses the metaphysical nature of his world, as though he knew of their existence within his universe even though they don't appear in this cartoon.of course, i'm probably going too far in my analysis. i'm sure that the cartoon was intended as pure entertainment, and it certainly entertains. as for the "i might get to like this" line, it sounds as though that was something that the censors wouldn't have allowed but somehow missed; i, for one, don't actually know what it was supposed to sound like. was it something sexual? as for the end, had i thought that i'd seen everything, i would have been tempted to look for more, rather than do what the cat did (although it was a neat trick).*the guys behind these cartoons sure had a thing for tnt, didn't they?

bob clampett's 'an itch in time' milks seven minutes of crazy action out of a very small premise. elmer fudd tells his dog that if he scratches himself just once more that he will be given a dreaded bath. unfortunately for the dog, a relentless flea makes it all but impossible to stop from scratching. the cartoon switches between the flea's progress inside the dog's fur and the dog's desperate attempts to cope with it. in a great sequence that really captures the frustration of an itch that can't be scratched, the dog changes colour from brown to blue to red to polka dotted to plaid! it sounds ludicrously surreal but it perfectly evokes the indescribable feeling of an itch in a way only clampett could. there are several other elements which make 'an itch in time' pure clampett. there's the grotesque concept itself, which leads to some graphic scenes of the flea munching on the dog's flesh. there's the unrestrained violence that rears its head in any scene featuring the cat. most notably, there's the dirty jokes including a huge shot of the dog's behind which causes the flea to wolf-whistle and a hysterical sequence in which the dog attempts to scratch himself by dragging his backside along the floor. he momentarily breaks off to address the audience: "hey, i better cut this out. i may get to like it"! with a very limited concept, clampett manages to make 'an itch in time' a unique, minutiae-based cartoon. like an early episode of 'seinfeld', 'an itch in time' is practically about nothing but very funny with it.

elmer fudd is laughing while lounging in his easy chair and reading his comic book, his dog comfortably nearby sleeping in front of the fireplace. all is peaceful until a flea comes bouncing by. (the flea is dressed in a farmer's-type outfit with a big sombrero and is carrying a satchel with the name "a. flea" on it.) he gets out his telescope and spots the dog. (we see a big shot of the dog's butt and the flea whistles in excitement, screaming "t- bone!" he then sings, "there's food around the corner; there's food around the corner!")that sets up the storyline of this cute-but-obnoxious flea tormenting the poor dog. the mutt is hilarious as he reacts to the flea. the drawings of his huge teeth chomping right next to the fleeing flea are clever and the dog's dialog made me laugh out loud a few times. this might be the funniest canine i have ever seen in a cartoon! the poor pooch, under a threat of having to take a bath, as to not react when the stupid flea causes him pain. it's almost painful to watch as the flea uses pickaxes, jackhammers and the like on the dog. he puts firecrackers in the dog's behind. it's brutal!

`an itch in time' is one of a string of home runs bob clampett hit for wb in the early 1940s, including `horton hatches the egg' and `tortoise wins by a hare.' soaked in manic timing and exaggerated mayhem, it's basically the saga of a flea who's busy breaking ground for a new home, and the dog whose ground is being broken. because master elmer will give him a dreaded flea bath if he so much as scratches, the unlucky canine is forced to endure an upward spiral of torment as the homesteading flea uses pick-axes and power tools to clear the `land.' ultimately, the little monster lights the fuse to a small mountain of high explosives he's piled onto his victim's backside! there's a tremendous explosion, and the hapless pooch covers his eyes as his rear end erupts in a blazing fourth of july display! that really has to hurt, and the dog takes flight, but soon he stops the action and says with a merry smile, `you guys better cut it out, 'cause i think i'm starting to like it!' for years this kinky confession was censored, but current prints have restored the clip, so now viewers can enjoy it in its original devilish glory. still cut, however, is the closing gag in which the cat blows his brains out after he laments, `now i've seen everything!' this was a common gag at wb, but it has since been purged from this cartoon and several others, including `horton.'

in another one of bugs bunny's hare-raisingly wacky shorts, the famous leporid* works in a department store display case, when owner gildersleeve decides to stuff him. of course, this proves nearly impossible, as bugs apparently knows the store better than gildersleeve (and knows when to cross-dress). as always, they keep everything coming at top speed, and so you have to wonder how hilarious this cartoon must have seemed when it first debuted! among other things, "hare conditioned" is a fine example of how the looney tunes looked in the '40s before the termite terrace crowd polished them. but don't get me wrong, the cartoons were still really good after the refined forms arrived.anyway, this is a great one.*leporids are rabbits and hares.

a great bugs bunny cartoon from the earlier years has bugs as a performer in an window display at a local department store. after he's done for the day the manager comes in to tell him that he'll be transferring soon. bugs is happy to oblige into he figures out that the new job is in taxidermy...and that taxidermy has to do with stuffing animals. animals like say, a certain rabbit. this causes a battle of wits between the rascally rabbit and his now former employer. i found this short to be delightful and definitely one of the better ones of the early 1940's. it still remains as funny nearly 60+ years later. this animated short can be seen on disc 1 of the looney tunes golden collection volume 2.my grade: a-

is it a good idea to use live animals for department store window displays?no, and here's why....in "hare conditioned" the sale that bugs is helping promote is over and the store manager (nelson) is transferring him to a new department: taxidermy. naturally, bugs objects and the fun begins.using nearly every department in the store (children's wear, sports, shoes, costumes, women's nightgowns - don't ask.), bugs comes out on top at every turn, even referring to the manager as "the great gildersneeze". even when trapped in the confines of an elevator, bugs makes the best of the situation.director jones is on top of his pictorial game as always, as are blanc (as bugs, natch) and nelson (the manager - who does sound like radio mainstay gildersleeves - go ask your grand-parents).and a sage word of advice: when confronted by a fuzzy-looking woman wanting to try on bathroom slippers, always check her ears.ten stars for "hare conditioner", the best argument yet for animal labor laws.

this, along with "hare tonic," ranks as one of the best bugs cartoons, indeed one of the best bugs, ever. there are some comments about how bugs in these cartoons is "basic," meaning, i guess, that he is as yet not fully developed. i actually prefer this "basic" version from the mid-40s (chuck jones' was the best version) who is actually more rabbit-sized and far more amusing than the eventual long-legged version who towered over yosemite sam and daffy duck. the latter-day bugs came to be too suave and sophisticated for my liking. also check out "hair raising hare" (1946) and "rabbit punch" (1948) for great examples of classic bugs and classic chuck jones.

chuck jones's 'hare conditioned' is a fast paced, often hilarious cartoon. pitting bugs bunny against a strange, yellow-skinned apartment store manager who wants to have him stuffed, 'hare conditioned' takes full advantage of its multi-purpose setting. the chase takes bugs and his pursuer through a variety of departments, leading to an inspired gag in which they quickly emerge from various departments wearing whatever clothes are associated with that part of the store. this great gag is trumped, however, by a truly inspired sequence involving elevators in which bugs, disguised as an elevator boy, tricks the store manager into relentlessly getting on or off elevators at the wrong time. it's a brilliant climactic set piece which unfortunately gives way to a not very funny final gag. by that time, however, 'hare conditioned' has made its mark as one of the great chase films, bursting with wild energy. as bugs was becoming more refined in some of the other cartoons from this period, 'hare conditioned' showed that he could still be just as appealing as a more anarchic character.

i don't quite know how to explain "darkend room," because to summarize it wouldn't really do it justice. it's a quintessentially lynchian short film with two beautiful girls in a strange, mysterious situation. i would say this short is definitely more on the "mulholland drive" end of the lynchian spectrum, as opposed to "the elephant man" or "the straight story." it's hidden on lynch's website, and well worth the search.

this is almost typical lynch. however, what makes this film slightly unusual for lynch is the fact that it looks very raw, almost amateurish. but i believe lynch does this on purpose to give a greater sense of realism, which serves to increase the intensity of surreal moments.however, a lot of typical lynch motifs are present, such as: floating camera work; haunting music; long (excruciating) pauses; hanging curtains; dim lights growing darker at a slow (almost indiscernible) pace; extreme close ups; themes of women in trouble; over-bearing, incompassionate, all knowing characters facing off with characters who are distraught, temporarily oblivious, in the dark and so on...the performances are great and the short is thought provoking. as usual, lynch leaves almost everything up to interpretation. many questions are left unanswered and this ignites the imagination.another brilliant effort from lynch. i only hope he makes some shorts, more along the lines of his sony playstation 2 commercials. they were inspired.

it's a short movie from david lynch with just 8 minutes, but it got all the "lynchian ingredients"! it's mysterious, dark, inconclusive, eerie, and strange; and before the blond girl starts to talk it's even a bit scary! the soundtrack is exceptional to create this odd atmosphere because it's also sinister and mysterious… about the setting itself, it hasn't the "traditional" red curtains, but it has socking purple painted walls, which give it an equally effect of eeriness.the plot is about a girl who's locked in a dark room and she cries for help; then comes another girl who starts talking to her in a mysterious way, saying she's there just because of her fault… we don't know what did happen or what will happen next… it ended unsolved and puzzling, as a good lynch movie must end! it's a great short, despite some amateurish acting. the girls are professional actresses, but i think their acting could have been better in this short.

i really think that people are taking the wrong approach at this one. first of all, i find this short-film very entertaining and interesting. i just take it for what it is. i think the suspense and mystery are ingenious in their insinuation upon the watcher. one other thing that caught my fancy was that it immediately gets the viewer involved even though there is no clear story, just hints and pauses and emotions played out by the characters that kind of give you the impression that there is a story to all that is going on. no-one else could have done that better than lynch. this is the essence of lynchianism at its best. sure, i will agree with anyone that people that start viewing this with the desire to be entertained without any really imaginative work from the viewer's side, will find themselves disappointed. and in good right. lynch is not about that. at least this side of lynch is not. the one that helped make lost highway/mulholland dr. is at full tilt here and people that just expect to be entertained like they would watching anything else, will just not get what this is all about. my opinion is that darkened room is all about messing with your animal-core, your instinctual self, by giving you the means (image, sound, situation) by which you instinctively react. it's not about pleasure of any kind, it's about getting the desired reaction out of you. and, that, my friend, is pure art.

hello, this little film is interesting especially for an artist, film-maker or music creator or a visual artist, for:one can feel and examine david's touch/style straight out of a short piece of relative simplicity.you can see the rhythmic spacing of the shots, the pans and the sound elements. even as simple film, this creation is multy-layer. for example, there are some sounds that drone all along, while others appear (though subtle), at certain points to support certain shots.one can see also several types of pans: some go up and down in a gentle back-forth way. there is diagonal pan. zooms also go back and forth sometimes.the lightning and the composition/disposition of elements in the space is, as usual and obviously, work of a painer/artist. this can be felt even in this crappy room. this is to say: one can make exquisite art already by the simple art of placing the look/view and composing the scene. then comes the forcelines of the visuals: like digonales, parallels, etc. the light's degradées and the colours, although without too much research for textures as in big productions, are fine too. this is an artist's sketch of a sort...all this is not calculated but done with inner feeling and this feel gives the david's touch/feel to it, as with any true artist.

many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. the feelings of pain, grief and sorrow can be unbearable. however, sometimes it is the memories they leave behind that trigger the saddest emotions. this theme is superbly portrayed in the short film 'tulip', directed by the award winning australian actress, rachel griffths. described as a movie 'as much about memories as it is about love', a string of sensitivity and sentimentality is expertly threaded into this triumphant 15 minute film.'tulip' is a beautifully wrought, touching and heart-warming story of a man's journey in coming to terms with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal, 'tulip'. the film opens with a rising dawn, the chirping of birds and a vast landscape, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. a soft music plays, marking the entrance of ruth (jean bain). she wears a flowered dress and apron with a sun hat on her head. she gently pets tulip, caressing her ears and patting her back. the furnishing of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is creditable (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the peaceful rural community. will (charles 'bud' tingwell) greets ruth as she is spooning the milk from the bucket. they pour the milk and coffee together, a sign of companionship and teamwork. not a word is said but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect picture of happiness.sadly, happiness doesn't last forever. the tragic passing of ruth affects will deeply. an effective scene of fading cars highlights will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the day of the funeral. soon he sinks into depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. at will's moment of despair, tulip becomes the symbol of ruth, the genuine connection will has with his late wife. it was through tulip that will learns to cope with the absence of ruth and overcome the heartrending feelings of loneliness.each of the characters is realistically and solidly portrayed, especially the part of will. charles 'bud' tingwell brings the character to life through personal investment. the recent loss of his own wife (audrey tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. every sag of his shoulder and every frown on his brow make the viewer empathize strongly with the character. the character of ruth is wonderfully carried out by jean bain. although ruth does not say a single word throughout the movie, her sweet personality and loving relationship with will are obvious. lois ramsey and kati edwards give delightful performances in supporting roles as the friendly margaret and mary. they also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story.an anecdote from griffths' childhood, the story of loss and discovery is remarkably captured in 'tulip'. beautifully shot and superbly acted, this film will surely make you misty eyed, triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk.

david lynch's new short is a very "lynchian" piece, full of darkness, tension, silences, discreet but very textured background music, and features again two beautiful actresses, a blonde and a brunette, a recurrent theme in his work.both characters create a very intriguing slave-mistress relationship that could be seen as a direct follow up to the same kind of relationship featured in mulholland dr.beautiful. for lynch fan's.

this is a very intriguing short movie by david lynch, and saying the name david lynch is probably enough for a lot of people. this is your typical lynch short. a blonde and a brunette are in a dark room. the blonde has been crying, the brunette is talking in a threatening way to the blonde, and that's about it.with a lot of silent moments, but with the haunting music from angelo badalamenti, there is a strange form of suspense. this short feels a little like 'mulholland dr.', a movie i loved, and therefore i liked this one as well. it is probably especially for lynch fans but there is a chance you like this.

"tulip" is on the "australian all shorts" video from "tribe first rites" showcasing the talents of first time directors.i wish more scripts had such excellent dialogue.i hope rachel griffiths has more stories to tell, she does it so well.

rachel griffiths writes and directs this award winning short film. a heartwarming story about coping with grief and cherishing the memory of those we've loved and lost. although, only 15 minutes long, griffiths manages to capture so much emotion and truth onto film in the short space of time. bud tingwell gives a touching performance as will, a widower struggling to cope with his wife's death. will is confronted by the harsh reality of loneliness and helplessness as he proceeds to take care of ruth's pet cow, tulip. the film displays the grief and responsibility one feels for those they have loved and lost. good cinematography, great direction, and superbly acted. it will bring tears to all those who have lost a loved one, and survived.

i hope she can keep acting and directing. she's surely up to the task and could easily develop that visionary streak into a long career of unconventional and rare works of art. her work has a rare kind of generosity and her timing is spot-on! oy i'm kvell

a man readjusts to life alone after 45 years of marriage. he also has to solve the problem of the family milch cow, tulip, which refuses to allow itself to be milked. until, that is, he visualizes his wife who was the one who used to milk tulip.tulip is based on a real story told in griffith's family, of her grandparents' generation. the film is a nostalgic look back at a disappearing way of life, one where people still felt some sense of responsibility for each other, set in the lush green victorian (the australian state, not the era) countryside.writer and director griffiths evidently has further ambitions in both areas, and this multiple award-winning 15-minute short is a fine beginning to her reel.

i spied this short on a dvd of best new zealand shorts, all great but the french doors was amazing. it starts off slow and you wonder if there is anything going to happen. just as you relax into the hum drum of home renovation, the most spookiest thing happens. eeeekkk, i wanted to stop watching, but i was glued. the films dips into the primal fear of the dark and with little, if not any, special effects. it chills you right to the bone. a simple yet brilliant concept opened up all those memories of when i was young and dream't up the most improbably but spooky situations. the film makers visual style are bang on and the lead character takes you convincingly through the story. it is a quality short that i haven't seen in quite some time. the french doors has all the hallmarks of a great feature, alas it finishes after ten minutes or so. never the less a great ending that begs you to want to know more. loved it and well done and thanks for the ride. these new zealanders are really turning out the talent.a new fan.

about a year and a half ago my dad told me about the french doors. i thought it sounded interesting enough but i didn't try to find it anywhere. then about a year ago i remembered that film and thought "hey why not" and tried finding it on the internet. eventually after about a week of looking i found it on atom films. i called my dad over to the computer and said to him" hey dad i've found that creepy film you told me about ages ago!" he smiled at me, turned round turned off the lights so it was pitch black apart from the computer screen and told me to watch it. i started off fine...then when he started getting worried about whatever was there i found it very unnerving. at the end i pushed back my chair and stood up...it made me jump!:p if you haven't seen this film i highly recommend you do because it is well worth it. even after the fourth or fifth time its still unsettling.great film!

"bread" very sharply skewers the conventions of horror movies in general and "night of the living dead" in specific and is constantly inventive. the production values are a little rough at times (it's a student film, after all), but it never loses sight of its goal to entertain. hey -- george romero liked it enough to include it on the remastered "dead" video tape, laserdisc and dvd... that should tell you something.

before viewing, please make sure you have seen night of the living dead... this might well be the best 7 minute parody i have ever seen! absurd, crappy 'special effects' (the rope, the rope!!!), and maneating slices of bread... what more do you need???(do not watch this movie while eating bread... you might get scared!)

i just viewed this great good-natured parody of night of the living dead, and i have to say it was so awful and so corny it was excellent. this movie incorporated all the antics and scenery shots that the original had including the cemetery, the supposable abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. what i especially love about this movie is the comical use of bread and all the common household enemies bread has a grudge against. c'mon, we know that toasters, toaster ovens and zip-locks have done bread in a dozen times and now we must call for their help in order to defeat the reanimated bread. aside from the cheap acting and voice-overs, this short horror film is my personal favorite parody of night of the living dead, even better than night of the living dead of 1990.i think what makes this movie worth watching is how the writers and directors utilized all the dialogue from the original movie and revolved it around bread, including how the bread became reanimated and to avoid leftovers because they are especially dangerous. another great reason why i love this movie is that, there is no exception as to what bread is evil, bagels are evil and even communions are evil, which is demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a newscaster and a rather monotone priest. i think that the actors are especially humorous performing the deed of being viscously attacked by slices of bread (i.e. the car scene). i think the end is very worth sticking around.even though this is a short and that "night of the day of the dawn of the son of the bride of the return of the revenge of the terror of the attack of the evil, mutant, alien, flesh eating, hellbound, zombified living dead part 2: in shocking 2-d" is debatably another great parody, it's still recommend as a great horror parody done by, what seems to be college filmmakers. i highly recommend this movie to anybody who is able to make fun of night of the living dead and still have respect for the filmmakers. i would also like to recommend this movie to anybody who loves d-movies and horror parody's, it's just a wonderful little short horror film that's fun to watch and learn.

being someone who lists night of the living dead at number three in her top five favorite movies of all time, and at the same time loving this student film parody, i feel i must defend this movie against the previously posted scathing reviews. this short but sweet opus has always been a crowd-pleaser at horror and science fiction movie marathons where those who attend have a love of the genre yet know not to take zombie movies too seriously. this film is a tribute to the original, not an insult. it is intended to be funny, and many others who i have heard chant for and applaud it agree with me that it succeeds. especially for those of us who have seen notld 50+ times. watch for the director cameo as news reporter jeff drexel, and also if you have the opportunity catch his alien parody, loaf.

having seen the short a number of times at horror movie marathons, i believe it to be a humorous parody that slices to the main point of its reference.though the themes are crusty and stale to today's viewers, it is by no means a crumby waste of time.though being a student film gives little rise to an excuse, the proof is that it appears crafted with care on a budget of little to no dough.as noted by another reviewer, it is less than ten minutes which is plenty of time to cleanse the viewing palate with a toast of joy, sit back and loaf idly through the film.i think this short-bread of a film should be enjoyed as an appetizer for the title reference and the viewer should relax and roll with it.

'the second beginning' as it's title explains, shows us the beginning of the end for the human race. set long before the matrix existed, this short anime written by the wachowski's shows us the world that could lay infront of us in the not to distant future, set at the turn of the 21st century, the second renaissance delves into issues common with human behaviour; greed, power, control, vanity etc.the use of robots or artificial intellegence as slaves or servents is common among science fiction/fantasy stories. the second renaissance is no exeption to this concept, however instead of a simple man vs. machine layout, this story explains the struggle that the machines put up with, the struggle for acceptance in a world ruled by humans. where the matrix films show us the human perspective, these short animations tell both sides of the story.the second renaissance part 1 + 2, answer many questions brought up by the original matrix film, such as how the war broke out, how the sky was blackend, what led to the use of humans as batteries and it also introduces us to the machine city called 01, which may have relevance to the upcoming matrix revolutions film.i won't give away too much of the story, as i do not want to ruin the experience for perspective viewers, however, i will recommend it to anybody interested in the world of the matrix or simply anybody interested in japanese animation (anime).9/10.

for those that were interested in knowing how exactly humanity came to be encased in big red pods that make me crave pomegranate, there is the duo of the "second renaissance" shorts. i'm not exactly sure why they are split into two parts, especially since they're credited as one on the dvd (and are these shorts viewed on any other format but the dvd?), but they're informative even if they have a few gaps.what really makes this first part stand out, from the second part and the rest of the animations as well, is the parallels it shows between robot uprising and civil rights. graphic homages to slavery, fascism, concentration camps, and mass graves are mixed with verbal references to the million man march and humanity's god-complex. in fact, "god" is never really referenced by these shorts, instead replaced by "man's own image".as far as the shorts go in the collection, "the second renaissance: part i" is by far the most effective in bringing out emotion. it's a sorrowful and disturbing view of the potential of humanity to become "the architect of its own destruction." some may be turned off by some of the concepts this short rips directly out of previously established science fiction literature, but then again, that's basically what most of the matrix series has done, and it's been a driving force behind its success.--polarisdib

along with it's partner, this is the greatest piece of animation ever created. the images and styles are amazing, and match perfectly with the story which is a brilliantly realistic reinterpretation of our own world, where is has been, and where it could go. quite affecting and sometimes painful to watch, it it a masterpiece of the visual art.

this is part one of a short animation clip showing the history of the matrix, the war between man and machine that resulted in the eventual creation of the matrix. the animation is part japanese anime, part contemporary american animation, and is very well made, considering the excellent directors behind the movie. it shows the initial development of ai and the exploitation of the machines by man, until the day they rebelled...

this is the second part of 'the animatrix', a collection of animated short movies that tell us a little more about the world of 'the matrix'.in this one we learn how men and machines could not work and live together. it is a little history lesson in the world of 'the matrix'. not as good as the first part ('the final flight of the osiris') but still pretty entertaining.

the first time you see the second renaissance it may look boring. look at it at least twice and definitely watch part 2. it will change your view of the matrix. are the human people the ones who started the war ? is ai a bad thing ?

what was always missing with the matrix story was how things came to be in the real world. say no more, because this part of the story covered most of the bases. what was truly interesting was how political it was, maybe even a cheap shot at the current presidential administration. fascism and violence were the only things man could think of in regards to fighting the robotic horde, who were meant as nothing more than servants to humanity. what i also found interesting was the use of fear and how it was perpetuated by the idea of the unknown. we as humans tend to fall into that trap quite often, letting the lack of logic and thought overtake us because people can't believe the contrary. well represented and put together, this a true testament to how illogical humans can be.

this is the first of a two part back-story to the conflict between the machines and mankind in the matrix world and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations on man's fear of the unknown and of being usurped with politics, extensive religious and historical imagery, subverting expected portrayals of parties involved and an at least partially believable and thus terrifying vision of our near future. it isn't perfect and some plot points and images are at once obvious and contrived but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and cautionary tale.this first part sets the scene - human societies have developed advanced and capable robots, mostly humanoid, to serve people doing menial, unskilled jobs, labour, construction etc. and thus the populace has become lazy and derogatory towards them. one robot, however, rebels and kills his owner, stating at his subsequent trial that he simply did not want to die. he is destroyed but when the robot masses' destruction is ordered to protect humanity many robots rise up in protest, with many human sympathisers alongside them.the imagery here is exploitative, recounting race riots and abuse, tiananmen square, the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girl's guise getting harried, hammered in the head and then shot dead as it pleads 'i'm real'. it lays on the ground, clothes and skin torn and breasts hanging out. it's an obvious and obscene image designed to present human fear towards uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals.anyway, this first portion is much like a compressed version of the film i robot, but it soon develops into a recognisable matrix back-story as the surviving robot contingent is exiled and congregates in the middle east, in the cradle of civilisation as the narrator informs us. there, the machines regroup and begin to produce new ai and to manufacture mass technology and trade it with human nations. we see a commercial for a car that uses the circular energy hover engines that the ships the rebels in the movies use and we see sentinel type robots flying around zero one, the name of their city. their goods and trade make their economy soar affecting other economies detrimentally and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors in the form of adam and eve resemblances to a un congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade, but they are forcibly removed and the scene is set for war in the second part.the animation is by studio 4°c who work on quite a few of the animatrix and it's evocative and visually stimulating, rendering different scenes like imagery montages, cctv footage and particular scenes of import distinctive and overall presenting the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept and it may draw on simplistic sheep mentalities and plot models and resort to provocative material for impact but after the tantalising mystery offered by the first film and morpheus' vague brief info-dumps this is a nice exposition of the cataclysmic events that left the world ravaged and in the hands of the machines that serves as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition, the development of ai and the importance of harmony and co-operation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice, themes expanded on in the movies.

this is the second animatrix short, and the first of them to be what one could call 'artistic'. it contains a lot of references, metaphors and symbols in the dense amount of material, especially with a running time of 9 minutes. i've heard some complaints that this is "anti-human", or tries to direct hate towards man, for their "sins against machine". i don't think that's true; it merely uses the robots to show us, that as humans, we aren't particularly accepting or open-minded towards anyone different from ourselves. i'd say it does a great job of that. the plot is good... it plays as a historical document, recounting what led to one of the main conflicts in the trilogy. thus it holds clips from fictional news reports and the like. the voice acting is very good, if there is not a lot of it. the animation is nice, and the use of color, in spite of the usually realistic drawing style, makes it more open to do the smooth transitions and other surreal imagery. this has several bits of strong violence and disturbing visuals, as well as a little nudity. the disc holds a commentary, not in english but subtitled, and worth a listen/read. there is also a well-done and informative making of, based on both parts, so i would advise watching it after seeing the next one, as well. i recommend this to anyone who enjoys the matrix universe, and/or science fiction in general. 8/10

2003 was seen as the year of the matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually linked to the plot of the film. also released was a dvd of 9 short animated films, most written and made in japan and made as anime. japan makes some of the best animation in the world. sadly most of these shorts are disappointing. the best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first matrix film.the second renaissance is made as a historical file. it tells how humans made machines in their own likeness. humans live the high life whilst machines are the grunts, the workers of society, second class citizens. in the year 2090, a machine, bi-66er was put of trial for murder, after killing his owners who wanted to deactivate him. the machine does not have a fair trial and riots start around the world. the governments of the world order to dismantle machines. many machines leave human society and form their own country in the middle east, o1. 01 has a productive economy and easily undercut the human nations, forcing them into economic crisis. the human blockade 01 and reject the machines requests for peace, thereby it was the humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them.the second renaissance is a interesting watch, with excellent, traditional animation style and sets a compelling world. it shows how the machines were mistreated and that humanity sowed the seeds of their own destruction. there is a political and social world and the short tells a lot in it short running time. the short shares themes and a style to the classic silent film metropolis, partly the beginning with the underworld. they are the themes of slavery, the mistreatment of the working class and racism. the short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. mainly that men saw themselves as god and created the machines in their own likeness. seeing themselves as the rightful masters of the machines. the machines too use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in 'cradle of human civilisation' and the machines coming to the united nations dressed as adam and eve, offering an apple.the animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like akira). the set designs are great, combine futuristic with historic cities, e.g. washington d.c.. there is well down future scene, and surprising violence, which is key to the film. the director, mahiro maeda, also directed the anime sequence in kill bill vol. 1, so has good credentials to hollywood. he is willing to use violence and know how to keep a story going.the only real complain is a continuity error to the first matrix film because morpheus mentions that the humans have no historical records or know who started the war. but its a good watch.

**warning! spoilers ahead!**this short is part one of two that expound upon the brief portion of "the matrix" in which morpheus explains how the matrix came to be. because we already know the story, the plot itself is no surprise; and the short isn't so much entertaining as informative. but that's how it is presented, as a file in the historical archives. the visuals are better than average, and the generally cold colors aid the purpose of the short.a couple problems. the violence of the tale is a little gratuitous and, combined with the occasional dose of political correctness (un scenes), detracts from the straight narrative of the short. plus it needs to be seen with part two to be complete.the animatrix concept is brilliant, and despite a few issues, this short still fulfills its purpose. it would not have fit in the original movie in style, content, or flow. this is the perfect method to reveal the history.bottom line: good information. could have been told a little better, but still a solid 7 of 10.

harman and isings 'old mill pond' is a true masterpiece of the art of animation. the consummate skill and artistry that characterise this duos work is nowhere more in evidence than in this cartoon. it is a shame that so many people can see only offence in what is, and was always intended to be, a light hearted piece of entertainment that in no way sought to denigrate black people. if anything it is a tribute to the infectious humour and musicality of the black race. i have not been able to view this confection for many years as the 'race commissars' in england have deemed it too offensive to be shown in multi racial britain. if anyone knows where i can obtain a copy i would dearly love to view this masterpiece again. i think those who routinely look for messages and intent that were never intended in these cartoons, which are, after all, sixty years old, should try to lighten up and remember that the world is a very different place today, but that does not mean that anyone has the right to censor what is viewable from the past.

i just saw this cartoon for the first time and recognized the caricatures of famous black entertainers... cab calloway, bessie smith, (not josephine baker or sophie tucker, who was white), thomas "fats" waller, bill "bojangles" robinson, stepin fetchit (notwithstanding) louis armstrong and the chorus girls are out of the famed "cotton club" in harlem. true... stereotypes are there, but this was the way it was... and these cartoons were meant as adult entertainment at your local cinema before the main feature. harmann & ising cartoons tended to be more "cutesy" and more upscale, (after all... we are talking about m-g-m) than the standard animated short done over at warners, paramount, universal, fox, rko or lowly columbia. even disney's very early mickey mouse had loads of barnyard humor before uncle walt cleaned him up just before he went "technicolor".disney had some cartoons with caricatures of black entertainers as well... for example, 1937's silly symphony "woodland cafe". but we have to remember that these films are part of a certain time and place. 50 years from now... clips of the simpsons, family guy, and south park will be also scrutinized, analyzed... and even vilified by future viewers.

this is te cartoon that should have won instead of country cousin. visually well-done and much more entertaining and memorable. worth watching just for the music alone! although there are elements that undoubtably will bruise the sensibilities of some these days, the cartoon has to be given a bit of perspective. it's over sixty years old and it is, after all, just a cartoon. i'm disabled and if i were as hyper-sensitive as the folks who look at things like this cartoon and take umbrage, i would have long since curled up in a fetal position and faded away. sometimes you need to lighten up, put your head back and float! caricatures of celebrities in cartoons were common in the 1930s and 1940s and were almost never terribly flattering. bing crosby reportedly hated it when he was used on more than one occasion. *sigh*

the old mill pond is more of a tribute to the african-american entertainers of the '30s than any denigration of the entire race (stepin fetchit caricature notwithstanding). besides who i just mentioned, there's also frog or fish versions of cab calloway, fats waller, joesphine baker, bill "bojangles" robinson, and louis armstrong. this happy harmonies cartoon from hugh harmon and rudolf ising is very entertaining musically with perfect characterizations all around. they all sound so much like the real thing that half of me thinks they could possibly be. if not, they're certainly very flattering impersonations. even the lazy, shiftless fetchit characterization gets an exciting workout here when he gets chased by a tiger as "hold that tiger" plays on the score. highly recommended for fans of '30s animation and jazz music.

this period melodrama is one of griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. characters trapped within a room are prevalent throughout his work and, as time went by, he would become increasingly adept at portraying their helplessness and involving the audience in their terror. in the bluntly titled sealed room there is one major difference to the normal plot line, in that there truly is no escape.griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. first is his use of space. while the typical biograph short might utilise a dozen or more sets, the sealed room features only two adjoining rooms – the king's court and the dove cote that becomes the eponymous tomb. the set design in these shorts is rarely referenced, but here it is crucial. the court is a large interior, with a backdrop hinting at greater depth and showing us a window and a staircase. actors enter and leave from various directions, suggesting the room is not only spacious but also free and open. by contrast the dove cote's back wall is very close to the camera, and the angles in it suggesting a hexagonal or octagonal shape make it seem even more confined.the second technique on display here is the cross-cutting. anyone with an interest in griffith's work will probably know about his heavy use and development of cross-cutting to build excitement or tension. many will also know that strictly speaking it wasn't his invention. however what makes griffith's cross-cuts so effective is the way he paces the opposing images so they complement each other. the sealed room contains a good example of what i mean. the shots of the masons shifting the heavy bricks have a slow, step-by-step pace to them, with tension building as the wall gets higher. this movement is matched by the shots of the blissfully unaware lovers, in which marion leonard tears off flower petals one-by-one. as the couple realise their predicament, their rising panic is complemented by the opposing shot of the king madly thrashing his sword against the wall.at this point, griffith was yet to realise that the action could be heightened further by introducing a third strand to the cross-cut. the dramatic "ride-to-the-rescue", here absent, was later to become a standard climax to griffith's pictures.

by 1909, d.w. griffith had been directing films for the biograph company for about a year, and – working at a rate of two or three per week – was rapidly beginning to develop his skills as a filmmaker. 'the sealed room' is a very interesting 11 minute short, a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama that even drifts slightly into the realm of early horror. the simple narrative was probably inspired by edgar allen poe's 1846 short story, "the cask of amontillado," and concerns a powerful king who conceives a deliciously sadistic form of revenge to punish his wife's infidelity.set in medieval times, 'the sealed room' begins with the king (arthur v. johnson) overseeing the construction of a windowless room from a sequestered dove-cote, the idea being that he and his wife (marion leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. he is obviously very much in love with her, always showing his affection, this latest act the crowning achievement of his endearment. however, unbeknownst to the king, his wife has fallen in love with the royal minstrel (henry b. walthall). during one romantic liaison inside the specially-built room, the wife and the minstrel are discovered, and the heartbroken king conceives a means of getting his retribution on the ignorant couple. silently, he orders his workmen to seal off the only doorway with stone and mortar, slowly descending into cackling insanity as each new stone is placed down.d.w. griffith always had an eye for acute detail, and 'the sealed room' is an excellent early example of this. the lavish medieval century costumes lend the film a sense of reality, and the castle interior looks authentic enough to be believable. at the time, the director was also pioneering methods of creating suspense, and i must admit that, as the film progressed, i became fixated on finding out what would happen to the hapless young lovers. in the early minutes, griffith restricts his shots to lengthy long-takes from a stationary camera (as was usual at the time), but soon – parallel to the progressively darker subject matter – he alters his editing tactics in a fascinating way. though he may not have invented the technique, griffith was crucial in popularising the use of "cross-cutting" – that is, alternating between different events occurring at the same time. not only does this create a sense of continuity, but it also maximises the level of suspense, since we, as the audience, are well aware, not only of the king's ghastly actions, but also that the wife and the minstrel are oblivious to it all.despite these innovations, 'the sealed room' suffers from many of the shortcomings typical of the era. the entire film takes place in just two rooms, with footage captured from a total of just three positions, and so it is prone to become dull and monotonous at times. the acting performances are greatly exaggerated for extra effect, however, at least in the case of arthur v. johnson, his overplaying actually contributed to recognising the escalating madness of the betrayed king. a moment that i thought particularly effective was when the two lovers attempted to exit the room, only to find their only doorway replaced with a wall of solid stone. their panicked reactions, accompanied by the silent maniacal cackling of the king, serve very well to create an impending sense of claustrophobia. i did think, however, that their supply of oxygen was exhausted surprisingly quickly.

this early biograph short was so much fun to watch. the second on disc one of d.w. griffith's "years of discovery" dvd set (highly recommended) it features three excellent performances by the main leads, and interesting to see henry b. walthall (the little colonel, birth of a nation) as a campy musician giving a countess the eye (and other things).the countess' husband goes berserk at his wife's betrayal and has her walled into a little room with her paramour. it's kind of incredible that they wouldn't hear the wall going up, but hey, maybe the wine had something to do with it. here mr. johnson (father of silent player raymond hackett) gesticulates wildly and this adds to the melodrama, but in an unexpectedly comical way. the best moment comes at the end. as the lady passes out from shock and fear, once she realizes she's doomed, henry picks up his instrument and "fans" it over her. the way he did it was so unexpected and in a strange way kind of sexy, and i just lost it, and laughed my head off. the expression on his face! from that moment i was charmed by henry b. walthall.

had this movie been made a few years later, i would have given it a lower score. however, for 1909, this was a dandy little movie and still stands up pretty well today. just don't try to compare this silent film to later silents--the industry changed so radically that the shorts of the first decade of the 20th century don't look at all like movies made in the 1910s and beyond.this movie is 11 minutes long (about average for most films back then) and is a variation of the edgar allen poe story, the cask of amontillado. while many are familiar with the story, i won't elaborate further as i don't want to ruin the film. just suffice to say that it's very creepy!!

after not having much luck at selling his screenplays to the new movie industry during the first decade of the 20th century, in 1908 playwright d.w. griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the biograph company as a director of movies. it wasn't really what griffith had expected when he decided to enter the movie business, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year he became biograph's most successful director thanks to his original approach to film-making and the wild inventive of his narrative. many years later, he would direct "the birth of a nation" in 1915, the movie that would revolutionize film-making and make him one of cinema's first recognized authors; however, a lot of what would make him a great filmmaker can be found in the many short films he made for biograph company in the early years of his career. 1909's "the sealed room" is one of those, and also one of the few horror movies of that very first decade of the 20th century."the sealed room" is a story set in the 16th century in which a count (arhtur v. johnson) has built a windowless room in his castle. it is a small yet nice and very cozy room, as it is meant to be used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, the countess (marion leonard) in a more private way. however, the count doesn't know that his wife is not exactly faithful, as she is infatuated with the minstrel (henry b. walthall) at court, with whom she is having an affair. as soon as the count gets busy with his own business, the countess calls the minstrel and both lovers go to enjoy the count's new room. when the count returns, he discovers she is missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden as he decides that there is a better punishment for his unfaithful wife: to seal the windowless room with the couple inside.written by griffiths' regular collaborator frank e. woods, "the sealed room" takes elements from edgar allan poe's "the cask of amontillado" and mainly honoré de balzac's "la grande breteche" to create a haunting gothic melodrama based on the themes of treachery and sadism. despite having a runtime of 11 minutes, woods' screenplay develops the story in a very good way, and plays remarkably well with the horror elements of the story. while a melodrama at heart, woods focus on the character of the count and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of these early era. "the sealed room" is definitely a very simple and basic story, but woods handling of the dark and morbid thematic of its plot makes the story a very entertaining film that was very different than most griffith's melodramas.in "the sealed room", griffith uses his talents to experiment with tension and suspense in a different way than his usual. while he often played with editing to create thrillers that excited his audience, in this movie his focus was to create desperation and horror, playing with the inherent feeling of claustrophobia that the source stories had. it is interesting how the story starts as another of his melodramas and slowly the pacing becomes faster as the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in his great use of editing for the final scenes. not being a movie where camera tricks are essential, what shines the most in "the sealed room" is griffith's talent to direct his actors, as the legendary filmmaker manages to bring the best out of his cast with his usual natural style far removed from the staginess that was the norm in his day.as usual, the cast was comprised of usual collaborators of griffith, starting with arthur v. johnson as the count. johnson gives a great performance and truly conveys the character's transition from loving husband to sadistic monster. his performance is not without a touch of overacting, but actually that adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. as the countess, marion leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting, conveying a natural charm that makes hard not to sympathize with her in her treachery. finally, the legendary henry b. walthall appears as the handsome minstrel, and while far from being one of his best performances, he manages to give a proficient acting that also adds a nice touch of comedy to the film. while not of real importance to the plot, it's nice to see other members of griffith's stock company in the background, like his wife linda arvidson and a young mary pickford as nobles at court.while not exactly a masterpiece, "the sealed room" is a notable exercise of editing to create suspense and tension like griffith used to do in those days. the movie has very good set design and while of a very low budget, griffith's care for details makes it look very convincing and works perfectly along with his directing style. the change of focus to horror makes it to stand out among other of his films from that era, and johnson's performance as the sadistic count makes it worth a watch. while griffith will always be remembered for his highly influential (and controversial) "the birth of a nation", the early short films he made before it really give a good idea of the development of the techniques and the style that would make him a legend. simple yet elegant, "the sealed room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10

when i first saw the romeo division last spring my first reaction was brilliant! however, on future viewings i was provided with much more than masterful film-making. this picture has a singular voice that will echo throughout the annuls of film history.the opening montage provides a splendid palette which helmer jp sarro uses to establish his art on this canvas of entertainment.sarro truly uses the camera as his paintbrush while he brings us along on a ride that envelops the audience in a tremendous action movie that goes beyond the traditional format we have become accustomed to and dives deeply into dark themes of betrayal, revenge and the importance of companionship. this movie is any director's dream at its very core.however, sarro was not alone in this epic undertaking. the writing, provided by scribe tim sheridan, was just as breathtaking.the dialogue was so precise and direct that it gave the actors such presence and charisma on the screen. specifically speaking, the final scene (warning: spoilers!!! spoilers!!!) where vanessa reveals herself to be one of the coalition and a villain all the time, is written in such a dark tone that it is one of the most chilling endings i have ever seen. sheridan is the next robert towne.in a final note it is obvious that this production was no small feat.therefore much praise must be given to producer scott shipley who seems to have the creativity and genius to walk next to jerry bruckheimer. never before have i witnessed a production so grand with so much attention directed at every little detail. a producers job is one of the hardest in any movie and shipley makes it look easy.all in all this film combines creative writing, stunning production and masterful direction. this is the art of film at its best. when the ending of the film arrives the only thing that is desired is more.the romeo division is groundbreaking, a masterpiece and, most importantly, the romeo division is indeed art.

i just want to say that i am so glad somebody finally spilled the beans on this movie. bravo "the spaz", bravo! this movie is a ridiculous farce of film-making. especially for a student film! i just want to give credit to the spazz for taking the absurd amount of time a care to find such a rare picture, and then to comment on it! most people i know don't have that kind of time, especially so few will end of reading it. kudos to you sir! anyway, the movie follows a thin storyline that is at the least unbelievable and just plain silly. i understand the idea behind creating a satire of charlie's angels but why hire such atrocious actresses! also, what kind of director has himself act, write, produce and also edit the picture! choose one job and put all your love into it man! it's such a shame because i hear he made a good movie about a killer toothbrush. again, thanks to the spazz for pulling back the curtain on this film, people like you are a rare find.

i love this movie! 10 out of 10 hands down! it is that damn good! i am not much of a fan of movies but i gotta tell you this one opened my eyes. astounding color and fast energy. i was fortunate to catch this at a screening during the zoinks! film festival in boston, and the story really enveloped me from the start. it had a lot of adult themes and character and when it ended i wanted more. i hope they make a sequel. that would be fun. my only problem with it is the performance of melissa connor as anya. ugh! she sucks! i've seen a block of wood pull out a better performance. i don't what the director was thinking when he cast her. but if you ignore her you can't help but give this movie a big ten!!!

my mother and i were on our way home from a trip up to the north east (mainly massachusetts) when we decided to take a little detour a attend a film festival in boston. now, i don't know much about film so i thought this might be a bit educational. the first movie we saw was this one, the romeo division. now, i don't know about you but i thought this was great! i'm from texas and where i come from we don't see too many motion pictures so this was a pleasant surprise. my mother insisted that it was too violent, but said that i didn't know much about what she was saying but this was a great picture. i was shocked by the fight sequences they were great. also, i am a big fan when the good guys win so i was thrilled when romeo ladies killed all of the bad guys. this was true brilliance. i'm not sure when it's getting released on video but if you get the chance you should check it out. i think you'll be pleasantly surprised. a word to the wise though, it is rather violent and there many cuss words so you may not want to let your children watch. it's more for adults.

...here comes the romeo division to change the paradigm.let me just say that i was blown away by this short film. i saw it, randomly, when i was in boston at a film festival and i have thanked god for it every day since. i really, truly believe i was part of a happening, like reading a tarantino script before any else did or seeing the first screening of mean streets.i am not sure what festival the short is headed to next or what the creative team has on tap for future products, but i so hope i can be there for it.again, a truly incredible piece of film making.

human body --- wow.there are about 27,000 sunrises in human life....hardly one thousand sunrises will be watched by 90% of humans on this planet....our days are limited...excellent movie for all women.... makers of human body...thanks and regards.

actually, the answer only occupies a tiny portion of this excellent imax movie that educates us on our delicate selves. c.g. and special cameras--assisted by imax--incredibly display the inner (and outer) workings of an average human, be it adult men and women, boys and girls, or babies. nearly every human body part aspect is specifically detailed: digestion, reproduction (featuring a marvin gaye hit), the heart, etc. some especially revealing moments include how an infant can be immersed underwater and also how the brain's impulses look. it is amazing how we function.the subject matter skips around an awful lot. but at all times we still learn a hell of a lot about our bodies that we should be *required* to know.

i've never been huge on imax films. they're cool, but once you get over that initial rush of "whoa, it feels like flying!" the movies themselves are usually pretty corny and ordinary. the exceptions have been the powerful "everest", the exhilarating "wild california" and now the bbc's "the human body", a super-sized look at the insides of our bodies. our bodies are machines of a complexity that is simply inconceivable. this 50 minute film could be 10 hours long, and still wouldn't get to all of the systems working in tandem just as i type this review and listen to my radio, and most of us take it all for granted. here you can see the inside of a pumping heart (looks like an alien spaceship), the inside of your lungs, the tiny hairs in your eardrum that process sound, the development of a baby inside a mother's womb, and surprisingly, a few of the...um, less attractive functions that i thought it would shy away from (pimples, the churning of acids in the stomach...)this film also has a rather funky style to it, which sets it apart from other imax documentaries. for instance, we've all seen sperm finding its way to the egg, but have you ever seen it set to the tune of marvin gaye's "let's get it on"? it's creative moments like that that make "the human body" not just a health lesson, but fun as well.

probably the two main significances of "elmer's pet rabbit" are that the wacky leporid featured in "a wild hare" now has a name, and that he utters his famous "of course you realize this means war!" for the first time. mostly, the termite terrace crowd was still trying to figure out what exactly to do with this long-eared rascal. it's certainly a must-see for hard-core fans of this genre, but others will probably have little reason to take interest.but make no mistake, it's quite hilarious what bugs bunny does to the eternally gullible elmer fudd. clear shades of things to come abound throughout the cartoon. i recommend it.

just watched this early bugs bunny (first time he's named here) and elmer fudd cartoon on the thadblog as linked from youtube. this was chuck jones' first time directing the "wascally wabbit" and as a result, bugs has a different voice provided by mel blanc than the brooklyn/bronx one we're more familiar with. in fact, according to thad, he's channeling jimmy stewart (his "shy boy" type personality of that time). anyway, after elmer buys his pet, bugs goes all obnoxious on him by turning the radio real loud, pretending to die after his master repeatedly throws him out of his shower, and saying "turn off those lights!" whenever elmer catches him in his bed. even with the different voice, bugs is definitely his mischievous self and i laughed myself blue the whole time! according to thad, there was an additional scene at the end of elmer just giving the house to bugs after the hell he went through but that was probably considered too sad since he suffers a mental breakdown at that point so it's just as well that cut scene is lost. anyway, i highly recommend elmer's pet rabbit.

this is a very, very early bugs bunny cartoon. as a result, the character is still in a transition period--he is not drawn as elongated as he later was and his voice isn't quite right. in addition, the chemistry between elmer and bugs is a little unusual. elmer is some poor sap who buys bugs from a pet shop--there is no gun or desire on his part to blast the bunny to smithereens! however, despite this, this is still a very enjoyable film. the early bugs was definitely more sassy and cruel than his later incarnations. in later films, he messed with elmer, yosimite sam and others because they started it--they messed with the rabbit. but, in this film, he is much more like daffy duck of the late 30s and early 40s--a jerk who just loves irritating others!! a true "anarchist" instead of the hero of the later cartoons. while this isn't among the best bug bunny cartoons, it sure is fun to watch and it's interesting to see just how much he's changed over the years.

this a casper the friendly ghost short from my childhood, and i re-watch it on youtube (thank god! for you tube); after that i love this short, and it is one of my favorite casper shorts.i love how the short starts off spooky with frank gallop's haunting narration; until we get to see casper sitting by his tombstone in the cemetery, reading. while every ghost rose from the graves to "boo" people, casper decides to leave in search for a friend. but in trying to make a friend, anyone who sees casper runs away. poor casper sat on a log and weep; until a little fox cub comes up an nuzzles him. casper and the little fox quickly bond and he quickly names the cub ferdie and considers him to be his very best friend. casper and ferdie's relationship is put in tremendous jeopardy however when casper is not keeping a close eye on ferdie while they are playing a game of hide and seek. while ferdie is hiding a hunter and two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill little ferdie and ferdie is running as fast as possible until he is out of breath and starts panting. while the hunter is firing gunshots towards ferdie casper notices they are trying to kill him and flies in the hunter's direction and pleads that the hunter leaves ferdie alone. and the hunter and dogs are terrified of casper. casper yells to ferdie that the hunter and the dogs are gone and that everything is fine. but casper sees ferdie's body is not moving and asks if he is ok. when casper sees ferdie has died he starts mourning in pain because he lost "the only friend he ever had in his whole life." casper returns back to the cemetery where he has buried ferdie and has made a gravestone for him next to casper's gravestone. casper continues mourning in pain until he sees that ferdie has resurrected as a ghost himself. ferdie starts licking casper on his cheek. casper screams for joy because he has been reunited with ferdie.overall, it is a really good short; though surprisingly disturbing, showing death in a family-oriented cartoon.

famous was "famous" for their tension and release style of cartoon where the semi-main character is in terrible peril, only to be rescued by the hero at the last second. this particular casper is the only one i can remember where death actually takes a hand. but even in death, there is still a happy ending.the constant in famous studios cartoons is that "virtue always triumphs". popeye always gets to his spinach in time, baby huey always out-foxes the fox, little audery always "learns her lesson". and some fs cartoons are really dark and depressing.you have to give them credit. as much as i love looney tunes and "tom and jerry" i don't think anyone was putting out a better cartoon product at that time than paramount. color, animation, music (the great winston sharples), editing, voices. they were consistent and a glowing example of the best that the art form had to offer.

i remember casper comic books, but don't remember any cartoons. maybe they weren't memorable; i don't know but at my advanced age, here i am watching this very early casper animated short yesterday. afterward, i was shocked to read the user-comments here. did people miss the ending?i have to learn all over again that casper isn't like the other ghosts, who like to go out each night and scare the c--p out of everyone. "he sees no future in that," according to the narrator here. instead, one night he goes out to the rural section of town, inadvertently scares some animals and can't find any friends. it brings him to tears, until a little fox hears him bawling and befriends him. the two become buddies but soon, the fox is running for his life with a fox hunt in progress.other reviews have all mentioned what happens, so i'll touch on that, too. the fox is killed by hunting dogs (not shown) and casper is in tears for losing "the only friend i ever had." but, nobody mentions the happy ending to this story. "ferdie" the fox becomes a spirit-figure like casper, jumps on his lap, licks his face and the narrator comments "they lived happily ever after." both characters look overjoyed.what is so sad about that? this is a nice story with a nice, happy ending.

i was about 12 years old when i saw this classic "casper the friendly ghost" cartoon. figured it was an early one since casper didn't look *right*, the same way porky pig doesn't look *right* in the old 1930's cartoons. but i digress...anyway, this episode in the friendly phantom's afterlife concerns him befriending a young fox todd whom he names ferdie. i remember being happy to see casper have a friend, as those who have watched the cartoons are wont to know that most people run away from him, screaming "a ghost!"casper and ferdie have some fun together until someone else shows up... i hate to leave you with a semi-spoiler, but the cartoon is only seven minutes long, so you can't really be too ambiguous. besides, anyone who reads the imdb synopsis of the cartoon can deduce what happens next...the finale is a bit heartbreaking. in fact, it's probably the saddest i've ever felt watching a cartoon. but that only means that it moved me, which probably explains why i decided to write a comment on this particular cartoon and not very many others. or heck, the fact that i actually remember this cartoon at all is due to its emotional effect on me -- i haven't seen it since. but the cartoon does end on an upbeat note, and i was pleased to see casper and ferdie happy again.i'd give this cartoon 8 out of 10 stars. second only to the warner bros. cartoon "peace on earth," this is the most i've ever been moved by an animated short.

i've often wondered just how much casper was meant for children...with all the issues revolving around his identity (in this film we are lead to believe that he is the spirit of a dead child, as his home is a cemetery plot), as well as the disturbing message brought by this particular film. maybe casper was meant more as a morality play, or famous studios felt like breaking new ground in 'reality' cartoons.there's good boos tonight is a well-animated project-no doubt there. but, the plot development involving the fox (who becomes casper's friend, but meets a tragic end) is a concern.give famous studios credit--they tackle death with respect...but, the stark image of casper's mourning is rather graphic and disturbing for children (though the denouement does offer a happy ending, but i won't give away the ending), and the violence is rather steep, even for 1940's standards.this might be a good cartoon for parents to use in helping explain death to children--but i wouldn't pop it into the vcr for a perky cartoon break.

i never thought an old cartoon would bring tears to my eyes! when i first purchased casper & friends: spooking about africa, i so much wanted to see the very first casper cartoon entitled the friendly ghost (1945), but when i saw the next cartoon, there's good boos to-night (1948), it made me break down! i couldn't believe how sad and tragic it was after seeing casper's fox get killed! i never saw anything like that in the other casper cartoons! this is the saddest one of all! it was so depressing, i just couldn't watch it again. it's just like seeing lassie die at the end of a movie. i know it's a classic,but it's too much for us old cartoon fans to handle like me! if i wanted to watch something old and classic, i rather watch something happy and funny! but when i think about this casper cartoon, i think about my cats!

despite what the title may imply, "pigs is pigs" does not star porky pig. rather, it features a young swine with an appetite more insatiable than john belushi's character in "animal house". his mother repeatedly scolds him, but it does no good. so much so that he goes to another house where a deranged scientist force-feeds him more than any mere mortal can handle (but there's a surprise at the end).i would mostly say that this cartoon seemed like a place holder in between the really great cartoons (daffy duck debuted three months after this came out). but make no mistake about it, they do some neat things here. the whole force-feeding sequence looks more relevant today, given the obesity epidemic overtaking our country.anyway, not the greatest cartoon, but worth seeing.

another good stooge short!christine mcintyre is so lovely and evil and the same time in this one!she is such a great actress!the stooges are very good and especially shemp and larry!this to is a good one to watch around autumn time!

of the elements that make this the best at this point, i have to say #1 is christine mcintire. shemp's scene when poisoned and her reaction are truly magnificent. i imagine that, as one poster suggested, christine was trying to hold back laughter during that scene, but it actually made her seem even more deliciously evil, to be smiling at shemp's possibly dying.another character who helps this stand out is the goon. his look was a great cross between horrific and comedic goof-ball. hardly a character i would choose to meet in a dark alley or, for that matter anywhere. i would have preferred a bit of true whodunit mystery in this, but hey, when a short is this good, who's going to complain. not i.

alright this was quite a sensitive little number but i can't help thinking i've seen it before. reminds me of another vca film i saw at poitier called "the other days of ruby rae" also had specks of "welcome to the dollhouse" and "ratcatcher" and lynne ramsay in it's execution. which is not to say that they're not tasteful references...just that they feel very modern and very fashionable...which makes me feel like this is closer to advertising (as an approach in style and story) than the work of an original and authentic auteur to come.the cinematography is just...too perfect for my liking. too coral filter (or charcoal) for my liking...too archly framed 12mm. therefore the entire impression left me a little distant -- beware of art that proclaims itself too readily! the french (they are a conservative bunch) seemed to buy it as did the jury however... but cannes short film selection is notoriously conservative compared to it's feature selection although i wonder what's been happening in the last few years.

i was treated to a viewing of cracker bag last night before a preview screening of disney's holes. i don't know who decided to show it but i'm so very glad they did. cracker bag is an absolute gem, a snapshot of australia in the early 80s as seen through a child's eye. the "conversations" between eddie and her brother were hilarious and, as with the rest of the film, so true to life. each shot brought a great sense of nostalgia as it reminded me of my own childhood (being the same age as the director probably helps a little) and the audio multiplied the feeling. i only hope i get to see cracker bag again some day.

it was only when i saw napoleon dynamite that i remembered seeing cracker bag. just beautiful sentiment and yet never stooping to being soppy. there is some terrific cinematography and the lead girl is quite brilliant. it captures more than the nostalgia of the time. it has a real heart to it. it is the achilles wound of childhood that is exquisite and painful. a simple story is always effective when done well. this glendyn ivin has a big future and i for one, am looking out for his next project. the follow up is always the most difficut thing. it's like the second album blues for most people. i just hope his next film is not something lame like a shark film. cheers to all. enjoy your cinema.

i love this movie/short thing. jason steele is amazing! my favorite parts are the french song and in the opening title when the spatula soldier yells " spoons!" i crack up every time. i would recommend this movie to knox klaymation fans, and people who enjoy jason steele's other movies. his style of animation is very original. it takes a few views to notice the detailed backgrounds. his humor is also hilarious, and is definitely not something you'd hear before. like max the deformed spatula who has a sound and light system in his head that beams colorful lights and happy music whenever he talks about his miserable life. this is a wonderful animation to watch anytime any where.

i've never seen many online movies in most of my life, but if i'd pick any of them, i'd pick spatula madness, a clever reference to most movies like star trooper (etc.), using a camera, and wits of steel, jason steele mastered the art of turning a normal image into a painting, and then putting it all together with frame-by-frame animation to get a world inhabited by spatulas. the story begins at the middle, hows that for directors delight? then the middle is at the beginning, and so on, when i first watched it, i expected a soggy pixely look, but jason, like me, loves looks, so took every detail to the max. although i don't recommend it for children, or would anybody besides me like it, but please search it up on the net (its a short film, look up film cow), its style reminds me of south park, but less violent. 10 for the look, 6 for the laughs, and 6 for the story, it all comes to a 10/10, good workjason steele, i'm anxious to see the movie.

i've watched it plenty of times and i'm planning on buying the full feature. i love all of jason steele's comedy. it's very different and unique and is very enjoyable. i love indie films and this one is just great. the plot is strange but very funny. this short film is about a talking spatula named edward. the order of the events are a bit jumbled, making this film very interesting to watch. at first you see edward fighting the spoons, but then the focus changes to earlier in his life. this is a silly movie, but of course, it's still great. i highly recommend that you watch this film at www.spatulamadness.com or www.filmcow.com. it's very funny. the humour may not match everybody's taste but watch anyway. it'll only take 16 minutes of your time, and it's free. go watch spatula madness!

i laughed a lot while watching this. it's an amusing short with a fun musical act and a lot of wackiness. the characters are simple, but their simplicity adds to the humor stylization. the dialog is funny and often unexpected, and from the first line to the last everything just seems to flow wonderfully. there's max, who has apparently led a horrible life. and there's edward, who isn't sure what life he wants to lead. my favorite character was tom, edward's insane boss. tom has a short role but a memorable one. highly recommended for anyone who likes silly humor. and you can find it online now, which is a bonus! i am a fan of all of jason's cartoons and can't wait to see what he comes out with next.

this is a great short. i think every voice is done by jason steele. (you can only just barely tell if you've heard his normal voice though, so don't worry about them sounding the same. they don't.) its about 15 minutes long.edward the spatula is fighting the war against spoons and he meets some weird people. in fact, everyone he knows seem pretty crazy. "edward!" "general peterson, we have to get you to a medical unit!" "no, i'm not gonna make it edward." "dont talk like that, i'm sure you'll be fine." "im a goner edward, and you know it. before i go-" "yes?" "can i just have... one kiss?" "umm, no." "come on, just one, small, peck on the lips?" "im walking away now sir."there's gonna be movie pretty soon. the date for that is in september, but its probably gonna get pushed back.

i know that you've already entered this in film festivals (or at least i think you have, i may just be making that up) but i think this should get "best animated short film" in every one. bravo. i can't wait for the full film. i realize that you may not hear this often enough because of the bizarre nature of your animations, but hear it now and accept it as the truth. kudos, my friend. okay, now i'm just trying to get ten lines of text... though i still mean it. and here comes yet another -shoe!- and i cannot stop here yet. this is extremely annoying and yet at the same time i have nothing better to do. in fact, i'll probably watch all of your movies in yet another spasmodic "jason steele marathon." i do have a lot of those.-r

this film is unusual and bizarre, and it is nearly unusual and bizarre in a very good way. i give this short a 7 just because it is so unique and off-the-wall, but much of the time it seems as though it is being bizarre just for the sake of being bizarre. if the film had managed to integrate its more bizarre moments into some semblance of a plot then it would have been really fantastic.the main problem here is that it looks as though the creators just jumbled together a bunch of crap about spatulas, then threw in a whole bunch more crap that sounded as though it would sound funny coming from the mouth of a spatula.this is definitely worth checking out, but it is not top rate by any stretch of the creators wild imaginations.

this short film that inspired the soon-to-be full length feature - spatula madness - is a hilarious piece that contends against similar cartoons yielding multiple writers. the short film stars edward the spatula who after being fired from his job, joins in the fight against the evil spoons. this premise allows for some funny content near the beginning, but is barely present for the remainder of the feature. this film's 15-minute running time is absorbed by some odd-ball comedy and a small musical number. unfortunately not much else lies below it. the plot that is set up doesn't really have time to show. but it's surely follows it plot better than many high-budget hollywood films. this film is worth watching at least a few times. take it for what it is, and don't expect a deep story.

one of the very best three stooges shorts ever. a spooky house full of evil guys and "the goon" challenge the alert detective agency's best men. shemp is in top form in the famous in-the-dark scene. emil sitka provides excellent support in his mr. goodrich role, as the target of a murder plot. before it's over, shemp's "trusty little shovel" is employed to great effect. this 16 minute gem moves about as fast as any stooge's short and packs twice the wallop. highly recommended.

this is apparently one of shemp's first shorts with the stooges. (this excludes his much earlier vaudeville years with the team). but the threesome's comedic timing is at its honed best here. aside from the intense slapstick scenes, there are others more subtle, but just as funny. watch larry when shemp asks him to look at the camera for a snapshot. or watch the real object prompting moe's exclamation, "oh...highly polished mahogany!"emil sitka is at his bewildered goofiest. and the goon may look scary, but he's somehow funny. he seems as frustrated and perplexed with the stooges as are "regular" people in other shorts.for shemp aficionados, this is a must have episode. it won't disappoint.

husbands beware is a remake of the shemp classic brideless groom. the film's new cooking scene at the beginning of the film is great. the stooges are always funny when they cook. however after the first few minutes of cooking footage, we cut to original footage of brideless groom. one thing i noticed about these 1953 to 1956 remakes are that they do fit with the new story. they do an insert shot if the old story line doesn't match.husbands beware does have a new ending, but i won't give it away to those who want to be surprised. **** out of 4 stars.

the three stooges has always been some of the many actors that i have loved. i love just about every one of the shorts that they have made. i love all six of the stooges (curly, shemp, moe, larry, joe, and curly joe)! all of the shorts are hilarious and also star many other great actors and actresses which a lot of them was in many of the shorts! in my opinion the three stooges is some of the greatest actors ever and is the all time funniest comedy team! one of my favorite stooges shorts with shemp is none other than husbands beware! all appearing in this short are the beautiful christine mcintyre, dee green, doris houck, alyn lockwood, johnny kascier, nancy saunders, lu leonard, maxine gates, and emil sitka. green and mcintyre provide great performances here! there are so many funny parts here. this is a very hilarious short. there is another similar three stooges short like this one called brideless groom and i recommend both!

moe and larry are newly henpecked husbands, having married shemp's demanding sisters. at his music studio, shemp learns he will inherit a fortune if he marries someone himself! "husbands beware" is a remake of 1947's "brideless groom," widely considered by many to be one of the best stooge films with shemp. the remake contains most of the footage from that film. the new scenes, shot may 17, 1955, include the storyline of moe and larry marrying shemp's sisters, along with their cooking of a turkey laced with turpentine! a few new scenes are tacked onto the end of the film as well(a double for dee green was used; if you blink, you will miss the double's appearance.) "husbands beware" would have made for a good film with just the plot line of marrying the sisters. budget considerations, coupled with fewer bookings for two-reel comedies, influenced the decision to use older footage.although completely new films were still being made by the stooges, most of their releases by 1955-56 were made up of older films with a few new scenes tossed in. "husbands beware," while one of these hybrids, is watchable and entertaining; we get to see most of "brideless groom" again, and the new scenes are funny enough to get the viewer through the film. this film is one of the last stooge comedies to feature new footage of shemp, and it was released six weeks after his death.7 out of 10.

this is my fourth joe mcdoakes short that i've seen and so far the funniest one. in this one, joe takes voice lessons from a record impersonating charles boyer and ronald colman. when he goes to warner bros. studio (the company behind this series, incidentally), he asks jack carson for directions which gets both confused. then he encounters actor george o'hanlon (who's also mcdoakes) who speaks in his more normal voice that's not too far from his later geroge jetson and gets to the set where he automatically upsets the director. i'll stop there and just say how funny i found the whole thing and was fascinated by the movie star cameos provided near the end. the final scene was especially a hoot so on that note, go to youtube if you want to watch so you want to be in picutres!

this particular joe mcdoakes short subject was obviously inspired by the all star warner brothers spectacular thank your lucky stars, one of those all star wartime morale boosters of the period. in that one eddie cantor played both himself and a would be comedian who'd like to break into films except for his resemblance to cantor.george o'hanlon who starred in the mcdoakes shorts is both himself and mcdoakes who's just trying to get a break in film. like thank your lucky stars a few warner brothers contract players with a free moment strolled through this film.o'hanlon's been sent by central casting for a small one line role in a world war i film, but lookalike mcdoakes gets the message. the poor guy is so nervous about his big moment, he starts thinking of ways to deliver his one line. maybe sounding like a real movie star would help.86 takes later to the exasperation of director ralph sanford and the patient clyde cook who plays a british cockney soldier they do find a niche in the film business for poor mcdoakes. it's worth seeing this very funny short subject which was nominated for an oscar to find out what happens to o'hanlon/mcdoakes.both of them.

fully deserving its prestigious hollywood award nomination, this is an entertaining little gem with lots of pizazz and some delightful surprises. outstandingly funny scenes include an hilarious shoot (and re-shoot) of a ww1 trench scene with australian comedian clyde cook as an optimistic non-com and the hapless mcdoakes as a boyer/colman messenger — all under the beady eye of ralph sanford's delightfully irascible anguish; a lost mcdoakes guided and re-guided by equally perplexed jack carson; assistant director chandler rejoicing in a mcdoakes-sent opportunity: "i'm going to be a director!" ace comic o'hanlon has a dual role, playing both mcdoakes and himself playing mcdoakes! oddly, richard l. bare who does play himself in one or more other entries in the series, has turned down that opportunity here. in real life, bare's a youngish, six-foot rock hudson lookalike, but here he's impersonated by veteran actor (over 500 movies!), jack mower.

an ultra-nervous old man, "mr. goodrich," terrorized by the news that a gang is stalking the city and prominent citizens are disappearing, really panics when someone throws a rock through his window with a message tied to it, saying "you will be next!" he calls the detective agency wondering where are the guys he asked for earlier. of course, it's the stooges, who couldn't respond because had come into the office, robbed them and tied them up. some detectives! the moment poor mr. goodrich hangs up the phone and says, "i feel safer already," a monster-type goon named "nico" appears out of a secret panel in the room and chokes him unconscious. we next find out that his trusted employees are anything but that. now these crooks have to deal with the "detectives" that are coming by the house for mr. goodrich.some of the gags, like moe and larry's wrinkles, are getting a bit old, but some of them will provoke laughs if i see them 100 times. i always laugh at shemp trying to be a flirt, as he does here with mr. goodrich's niece, in a classic routine with a long, accordion-like camera lens. the act he puts on when he's poisoned is always funny, too. shemp was so good that i didn't mind he was taking the great curly's place.larry, moe, curly/shemp were always great in the chase scenes, in which monsters or crooks or both are chasing them around a house. that's the last six minutes in here. at times, such as this film,

"who done it?" contains many surefire laughs and gags. it is not only one of the best stooges films with shemp, it is one of the finest short comedies columbia produced. director bernds originally wrote the screenplay in 1946 for the stooges, but when curly howard suffered a career-ending stroke, it was tailored for the columbia comedy team of schilling and lane (their version was released as "pardon my terror.") it obviously was too good for the stooges to pass up, and it was finally filmed by the stooges at the end of 1947.old man goodrich calls ace detectives shemp, larry, and moe out of fear that he will be murdered. when they arrive at his home, goodrich has disappeared, and his niece and assorted goons try to get rid of the stooges. will they find goodrich and bring the niece and goons to justice? shemp is particularly funny in this film. his reactions after being given a mickey by christine mcintyre are superb; he gives his trademark sound (eeeb-eeeb-eeeb) and miss mcintyre is noticeably trying not to laugh! other funny scenes: the close-up of moe's mug looking through the camera lens; and the in-the-dark fight with all cast members involved.nikko the goon (played by duke york) is one of the most unusual looking characters ever portrayed in a stooges film. with his kinked hair, he could almost pass for a stooge, if he didn't tower over everyone else! "who done it?" is a gem among the stooges films with shemp. even die-hard curly fans will enjoy this one! a true stooge classic. 9 out of 10.

there is a story, but more essentially, the world of this film begins in chaos and comes to order over the course of ten minutes.it is a celebration of life and an optimistic assertion of objective truth and good. representing along an axis unexplored in previous cinema, this film should be taught in every high school.*chiasmus*

whether it's three guys in their tighty-whiteys rapping to a dude bound in twine or a girl saying "what up, dog?" to a lump of roadkill, there's something please everyone in knuckleface jones. it is strange and surreal and not altogether a completely comprehensible yarn... yet it never loses you. the first time i saw it, i nearly laughed myself sick. and every night after i would come home and watch it again. forget coyote ugly... this is the movie that cemented my crush on piper perabo. see it... before it's too late!

todd rohal is a mad genius. "knuckleface jones", his third, and most fully realized, short film has an offbeat sense of humor and will leave some scratching their heads. what the film is about at heart, and he would almost certainly disagree with me on this, is how a regular joe finds the confidence to get through life with a little inspiration. or not. you just have to see for yourself. the short is intermittently making rounds on the festival circuit, so keep your eyes peeled and catch it if you can - you'll be glad you did. it is hilarious. and check out todd's other short films also popping up here and there from time to time: "single spaced" and "slug 660".

this is my favorite of the older tom & jerry cartoons from the early 40's. the original version with mammy two shoes is on the tom & jerry spotlight collection 2 set, disc one, and showcases the wonderful detailed animation of the early cartoons. the gags on this one aren't all madcap avery style, but more subtle and aimed at anyone who's ever stayed up late watching scary movies (or radio programs)! tom is listening to a creepy radio show, and jerry decides to play a number of tricks to spook him. the nine-lives gag is well done here, and i don't know how many times i tried to make a vacuum and a sheet that scary when i was a kid. when tom's owner is awakened by the ruckus- mammy was not the maid, it was her house- she gets one heck of a surprise, with a big laugh. get your pause button ready, it's worth it!

spoilerstom and jerry is a classic cartoon, with a flawless idea, and almost every single short is a gem. while i must say that this is definitely an inferior short compared such other classic tom and jerry shorts, there is not way you can hate this cartoon. sure, it is understandable to say that this is one of the worst of the first tom and jerry episodes, and i can say that i agree, but the fact of the matter is that all tom and jerry episodes are great, but some are just better than others. well, this would fit into "others." here is the plot of fraidy cat. tom is listening to an old scary radio broadcast, and becomes easily frightened. jerry observes how scared he is, and tries to scare him even more than he already is. he creates scary dilemmas for tom, and tom becomes scared out of his wits, and his lives. jerry then puts a sheet over a vacuum cleaner and controls it, thus making it look like the vacuum is a ghost. tom finds out that jerry did all of this, and chases him. tom then accidentally bites the house maid. however, at the end jerry ends up the one becoming scared after he sees his reflection in a flour cup.overall, this is far from the best tom and jerry short out there, but this is still a fun and entertaining piece of time. it makes me wish that there was more cartoons like this. the slapstick and gags in this that make tom and jerry famous are as good as ever in this short, but it felt like something was missing in this. it felt slower than most tom and jerry shorts. anyway, this is a good short that does not quite live up to some other tom and jerry cartoons, but it is still nice.7/10

"fraidy cat", the 4th of these cartoons, is a good one. at least i like it, so i'm surprised that this is getting mixed reviews.this one is more of a macabre story than a funny one, although it has its moments of comedy. the atmosphere is dark and spooky. suspense is another strong element here. as for humor, it's mostly dark humor.in this short, tom listens to a creepy radio show at night and is absolutely terrified because it is about ghosts, something he believes. while tom is scared to death, jerry is watching everything and can't help but laugh the whole time. in fact, jerry quickly finds a way to torture him more and more. with the help of a white shirt and a vacuum cleaner he creates a big "ghost".tom lives the scariest experience of his whole life. although jerry scares tom without a good reason, the way the story is made ends up being funny. plus, once again, there is no violence here because this is one of tom & jerry's oldest cartoons. however, i don't get that joke of tom's 9 lives nearly sucked into the vacuum cleaner.when tom finally finds out that it was all a jerry's scheme and that jerry made a fool out of him, jerry is «caught with the hand in the cookie jar» (he deserves to be discovered). yet, tom shows an incredible patience before reacting. he angrily looks at jerry for about a minute. the funny thing is that jerry invites tom to laugh with him and takes about half a minute to realize that tom is looking at him with a very serious face. jerry tries to be funny, but tom doesn't laugh.overall, this is a different, peculiar and remarkable tom & jerry experience.

here is a favorite tom & jerry cartoon perfect for halloween. i know it dosen't have much creepiness, but has the 'trick' as in "trick or treat," as jerry did to tom with the window blind and the vacuum-cleaner with a collared-shirt hanging on it to make it like a ghost; but still like to put it on my list of halloween cartoons. in this short, tom was listening to the "witching hour," a ghost-story program on the radio, and being frightened by the horror story being told. halfway into the story, the dramatics (hair standing on end, heart leaping into throat, icy chills on spine) begin happening to tom . . . literally. and jerry has been observing the whole thing and laughing to himself, thought he highen tom fears by scaring him.i love the ending, it was a little funny. and you know, this short is the first of four cartoons in which tom attacks mammy two shoes; the others being the lonesome mouse, a mouse in the house and nit-witty kitty. and also this short is the first of twenty-five cartoons where tom speaks. the others are the lonesome mouse, the zoot cat, the million dollar cat, the bodyguard, mouse trouble, the mouse comes to dinner, quiet please!, trap happy, solid serenade, mouse cleaning, texas tom, mucho mouse, and the cat above and the mouse below directed by chuck jones.

this film is not about a cat and mouse fight as stated in the other comment. its about a cat that has used up 8 of its 9 lives and now lives in fear of loosing its last one. the cat is jumpy and scared to death all of the time, hence the name 'fraidy cat'. fraidy cat's previous lives haunt him as ghosts which are from different era's in time and are constantly trying to kill him off, but he is most fearful of the ninth life which is represented as a cloud in the shape of a number 9 and spits out lighting bolts. very old now but would still be fun for the kids if you got hold of a copy. i watched this movie almost every day as a child :o)

this zippy and fun short from 1916 - the time when charlie chaplin and fatty arbuckle were the big names in comedy - features the young oliver hardy as a ne'er-do-well who has to quickly impress his wealthy uncle by producing a wife and baby for his visit.of course this does not go smoothly and soon there are rather more wives and babies than he can cope with; plus the mandatory chases and misunderstandings that are the hallmark of early movie slapstick.restored well it can be viewed as part of 'the early films of oliver hardy' and is now available on dvd, a fine addition to the available corpus of the big screen favourite comedy duo.

a nice shirely temple short. child actors screaming their lines seemed to be the norm for that day and time. perhaps being "seen and not heard" needed to be made up for. aside from that this is fun. given the films era there are certain aspects of the thing, from a social viewpoint, that strike me as both very progressive and liberal. i won't go into those here, i'd rather not spoil it for you but let you watch it for yourself and see if you spot those elements. as early on as it was its easy to see from this short the fascination that was already developing for temple. that makes it worth watching if you're a temple fan. for others its a cool way to kill ten minutes while you're waiting for your good night glass of milk to warm up on the stove.

this is the second baby burlesk short to be released, and probably the most popular one, is a spoof of the 1926 silent film what price glory.i watched this and i do not understand the kiddie-porn that is being claimed. it is just a cute little film. i have seen family shows that i grew up watching in the '80's and '90's that had little girls dressed more provocatively acting in a 'mature manner'. it was more provocative because they weren't dressed in diapers. there's nothing provocative about a diaper unless you have one of those fetishes. (just a joke) i read that description of the movie and where it states only a pedophile would enjoy watching this. that is sick. to me, if you watch this and are bothered by it, then maybe you need to look into your own psyche and try to figure out why it bothers you. it is an innocent film that was made as a parody of another film. all of the b.b. films were parodies, nothing more. the parodies/spoofs of today are graphic in nature and have true almost pornographic scenes and quite vile language. shouldn't those be more appalling? i can watch those without issue, but they sometimes take children's stories and turn them into filth on those parodies. that is what should get under your skin. not that they babified (not a word, i know) an adult movie from 1926, because we know how pornographic those silent films were, huh? not to mention those 'forbidden hollywood pre-code era films' so vile and filthy. they would never make such filth today? (note the sarcasm)

while browsing the internet for previous sale prices, i ran across these comments. why are they all so serious? it's just a movie and it's not pornographic. i acquired this short film from my parents 30 years ago and have always been totally delighted with it. i've shown it to many of my friends & they all loved it too. i feel privileged to own this original 1932 8mm black and white silent film of shirley before she became popular or well known. after reading the other comments, i agree that the film is "racy". big deal! i only wish it was longer. it seems that i must be the only person who owns one of these originals, for sale at least, so i wonder how much it's worth?

i myself feel this film is a rare treasure. not only is it the beginning of shirley temple's career, but a rare look on how our society has changed. you have to understand, certain things we today would view as sexual, back then would be considered innocent. for example, the parents of the children in the film as well as the many parents who took their children to see this movie, saw this as just children mimicking adults. most people didn't think of anyone viewing children sexually attractive, other than teenage boys lusting over teenage girls. to them it wasn't sexual. mind you this was before we had internet, tv, etc... most sex crimes weren't openly brought up. occasionally there would be a whisper about the kid with the "funny uncle." but that was often all that came of it. yes very sad. but it is kinda sad today, for even i too can see this film as anything other than what it was intended, innocent and funny. when i saw shirley dance like that and the boys eye balling her, yes i felt disturbed. i have to remind myself the time this took place! those children didn't know what sex was. the parents knew that, both those of the children in the movie and those watching it. the thought may not have even entered their minds. in the eyes of the average adult back then, this was no more sexual then if shirley was playing house. even today kids will enter beauty contest, many dressed up extremely maturely, for a three yr old. however the child is merely pretending. i don't blame the child for wanting to act like an adult. or the old movies that display this. in all honesty, our media has made a lot of things seem back then seem sick and wrong. this sometimes can be for the best. but i truly believe this movie isn't one of them. it gives a rare look of an innocent mentality, that we have long lost.

i love these "diaper baby" movies! you couldn't make a movie like this today and it is rich in cinematic history. it is goofy and the film was made to make you laugh, which it does. how they ever got these kids to "act" i'll never know. i think they are precious and the kids make me laugh but so do the others who made this movie as it shows the naiveté that existed in the early 30's. you have to remember that this is when the film industry was very young, the stock market had crashed, the world wide depression was beginning and these films were made to give a person a break from the real world. the fact that you could see movies for five cents is beyond my comprehension, but then dinner for 25 cents is too. it was a different time with a totally different mind set.

a shirley temple short subject.it can get mighty rough at buttermilk pete's cafe when the local contingency of diaper-clad war babies come in for their midday milk break.this primitive little film - a spoof of military movies - provides a few chuckles, but little else: tiny tots talking tough can begin to pall in a short time. shirley temple, playing a duplicitous hip-swinging french miss, hasn't much to do in this pre-celebrity performance. highlight: the real signs of toddler temper when a few of the infants unexpectedly get well & truly soaked with milk.often overlooked or neglected today, the one and two-reel short subjects were useful to the studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents, both in front & behind the camera. the dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film, something akin to writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel. economical to produce in terms of both budget & schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material, short subjects were the perfect complement to the studios' feature films.

i can see why this film was oscar-nominated for best live action short, as it was constructed masterfully. even if you don't particularly like the blues (though to me, this sounded much more like jazz), you can easily appreciate this film. it is simply very well made, though for the life of me, i can't see why director gjon mili only got to direct one film--this one. in other words, the film is nominated and yet the director didn't get any sort of career boost. as for the black performers, i could understand this not causing their careers to shift into high gear, as unfortunately most of white society have indifference (or worse) for blacks or "that kind of music".if you do watch this film, if you aren't particularly enjoying the earlier portion, skip ahead to about the 5:50 mark--where it picks up considerably. when the lady stopped singing and the performers began to improvise, the pace improved quite a bit.

...may seem like an overstatement, but it is not.what is so hard to comprehend is - why didn't they make more musical shorts like this? wasn't the beauty of it totally apparent to everybody involved? i guess not. so many shorts were made for commercial reasons only, and with some luck there may be some artistic value in there. this is one exception - the only one? - where it seems they were the director had a vision and clearly could appreciate the music as art. why didn't anybody ever think to shoot lester or charlie parker on a live date? crazy, man.a pity there were no sequels. if you've seen anything of similar quality please share it!

jammin' the blues is an oscar-nominated short from 1944 that is basically 10 minutes of improvisational jazz played in one long jam. marie bryant sings "the sunny side of the street" at one point for the film's highlight then jitterbugs with archie savage to bring this most entertaining "jam session" to its exciting end. the director gojn mili was a photographer and that experience shows in some of the double exposure shots of some of the musicians that makes this one of the most innovative angles of the '40s. according to some notes i read one of the musicians was white and had to be filmed in silhouette in reflection of the social attitudes of the time. what a shame. still, this most unusual film of the time is available on youtube so if you love jazz, i suggest you seek it out there.

jazz aficionados will treasure this classic short showing some of the best men of jazz just doing their thing. it's like watching a no frills music video today.the jazz men give us an additional treat in the person of marie bryant who sings a classic version of on the sunny side of the street. i had never heard her sing before, bryant sounds remarkably like billie holliday. that's a compliment folks.their instrumental work is tops as well. with the black cinema of its time fed a lot of white stereotypes, this film is to be watched and treasured. no great production values, just a lot of good music.

each of the major studios cranked out jazzy one-reelers throughout the thirties and forties (with universal taking the lead). while most looked as cheap on screen as they were to make, warner bros. (which abruptly stopped making them in 1946) often distinguished theirs with offbeat camera angles, mirrors and optical effects, thanks to some creative directors like jean negulesco. it is fitting that the best of this genre should come from this studio.what sets "jammin' the blues" apart from the rest of the pack is that it more closely resembles an avant-garde experiment than a hollywood musical. filmed in july 1944, it transforms an ordinary jam session into a "trippy" dream-escape from war-time troubles, highlighted by the tune of "on the sunny side of the street". gjon mili and cameraman robert burkes (later to work with hitchcock) were allowed plenty of artistic freedom, perhaps because lester young was not glenn miller and the studio could care less how he and his fellow musicians were presented. the optical printer is put to good use, with multiple images of the same performer appearing at once. (norman mclaren really milked this process two decades later in "pas de deux", while linwood dunn's team achieved different effects in "citizen kane".) the strong emphasis on silhouettes and lit cigarette smoke was also ahead of its time; in some ways, this predated the psychedelic sixties, but with a distinctly forties film noir style.

this short was nominated for an academy award and i wish it had won! basically a filmed jam session between some very talented musicians, including lester young and joe jones, the music is incredible! hollywood quite often embraced jazz (particularly animation, believe it or not) but this is a rare look on film at an improvisational jam. this has been added to the film preservation list and deservedly so. tcm runs this as filler periodically and runs it every march sometime for its' "31 days of oscar" tribute. from downtown at the buzzer, swish, nothing but net and the shot's so smooth, the net barely moved. most solidly and highly recommended!!!

simply but imaginatively filmed studio-set performance short, a perfect match of music and images that defines the very coolness of cool and the hipness of hip. the precise visual and musical arrangements give the lie to its claim to be a record of a jam session: what it is, is a pop video - every bit as stylised and knowing as that implies, and all the better for it. among the very best music films ever made, and almost certainly the most cinematic. these cats are solid gone, daddy-o ...

maybe the greatest film ever about jazz.it is jazz.the opening shot continues to haunt my reverie.lester, of course, is wonderful and out of this world.jo jones is always a delight (see the sound of jazz as well).if you can, find the music; it's available on cd.all lovers of jazz and film noir should study this tremendous jewel.what shadows and light - what music - what a hat!

if you want your vision of chaplin limited to a lovable tramp and you get your belly laughs from pathos, watch something else. if, however, you love slapstick comedy as performed by one of the best, do watch this one.the image is of the tramp who really cannot get the girl. he spots another couple kissing on a park bench, and he has a blast ruining their fun.this is one of chaplin's "park comedies," filmed in mack sennett's park, with pickpockets and cops and couples. these shorts work, as the format allows chaplin to shine as he weaves through predicaments.i checked the box, as this could be considered a spoiler, though it's not if you've seen these films. everyone ends up in the pond except chaplin. he gets the girl, who in this case was played by minta durfee, a.k.a. mrs. roscoe "fatty" arbuckle.

netflix should mention this short feature on the info for silk stockings. superior in every way to that over-produced fluff. this had much better cole porter songs and lots more energy. silk stockings turned out to be a big disappointment. fred was getting too old for this sort of thing, though the dances and cyd are lovely. i will be on the watch for the garbo--melvyn douglas version of ninotchka. was peter lorre ill during the making of silk stockings--he seems to be very passive in the more active numbers and with less lines? very glad that i ran across paree--paree by pure accident. made the whole experience a lot more enjoyable. bob hope, as a simple "song and dance man' is pure joy.

a delight mini movie, a musical short based on three of cole porter's broadway smash songs. bob hope's first credited film is a delight! he plays an american playboy millionaire on vacation in paris. the film opens with him sitting at a table of an out door café telling his friends about this beauty that takes his breath away. suddenly he spots her a few yards away. he is so over come his friends tease him and suggest "just show her your bank book." but hope claims he can win her in less than 30 days with "no" money! they bet polo ponies over the issue and take all his cash and id's. hope follows her and when they are alone gushes out a proposal she does not believe he is sincere until he sings to her, "you do something to me" by cole porter. but she must leave and he tries to earn money as a tour guide so he can pursue her. but when she sees him showing another girl around town, disillusioned she wants to drop him. he continues to chase her and catches up to her and her family at a race track where he bets his meager earnings on the last race hoping to win enough to impress her. through a series of events and large synchronized dance numbers he loses the winning ticket and she decides to marry him rich or poor. so he wins the girl, the race and the bet and sings two more songs!

part of what was so great about the classic looney tunes cartoons was their irreverence and how they weren't afraid to do anything that they wanted. in this case, marvin the martian has an assignment to bring back an earthling. sure enough, he comes across bugs bunny, who warns of a mutiny on the part of marvin's dog. after marvin finally traps bugs - by means of an acme strait jacket-ejecting bazooka! - bugs has more stuff planned for the voyage back to mars. what i mean is, if you thought that it was a major change in the solar system when they stripped pluto of its planet status, then you ain't seen nothing yet! yes, "the hasty hare" goes all out. how they buy acme products in outer space is probably beyond most people, but the point here - i mean "hare" - is to have fun. and believe me, you definitely will. after all, a little space-out never hurt anyone.

this is one of quite a few cartoons with bugs bunny and marvin the martian - and a space dog called k-9 is included as well. this looney tunes episode is very funny, has reasonably good cartoon animation (marvin's animation is very well done) and the plot is well done. the end is rather weird, so be prepared for it, it is slightly boring. in this episode, marvin the martian has been sent to earth to capture an earth creature and bring it back to mars. with his trusty dog k-9, marvin sets out and soon finds the tracks of no other rabbit but bugs bunny! he greets them with treats, thinking they are trick or treaters in their costumes. little does he realise they are preparing themselves to take this rabbit to mars...i recommend this episode to anyone who likes bugs bunny, marvin the martian and looney tunes in general. as far as the beginning and the middle of the episode are concerned, you are likely to like this. enjoy "hasty hare"! :-)

this amusing bugs bunny cartoon sees the return of the still unnamed marvin the martian and his sidekick k-9 the green dog.this time instead of trying to destroy the earth marvin is on a mission to land, capture an earth creature and take it back to mars. of course the creature he picks is bugs bunny. at first bugs thinks marvin and k-9 are trick or treating but realises this can't be right when marvin drastically enlarges bug's rabbit hole with a ray-gun. bugs tries to trick his way out of the situation in a couple of ways, including persuading marvin that k-9 is planning a mutiny. eventually he is captured using an acme strait-jacket ejecting bazooka. amazingly, for an acme product, it works as advertised and bug's is forced to use his wits to get k-9 to release him, the tables are soon turned and the two disgruntled martians are trussed up and bugs is trying to fly their saucer back to earth.i really enjoyed this although the ending is a little weak compared to the rest of the story. marvin's voice has changed slightly here and he gets visible emotional when he is angry but this didn't make me like him or the cartoon any less.

i remember watching this film, thinking was so interesting. i really wanted to know what happens next. i was amazed by how much they could fit into an 8 minute short. we start in a school yard. . two friends are debating on skipping class. kid b says to kid a "lets not go to class today." and kid a declines, claiming they could miss something really important. so kid b skips and kid a goes to class. when he gets there the teacher informs him that today they were going to learn the only and most important lesson they will ever learn. they were going to learn the meaning of life. she gives everyone a pamphlet, and when she gets to kid a, she runs out and tells the boy next to him to share. well, the kid won't share, so kid a goes looking for the teacher. when he finally finds her, he gets a shocking revelation on what the real meaning of life is. i suggest everyone watch this short. it will only take 8 minutes from your life, but the message is so important, it could help you for a life time.

simple, meaningful and delivers an emotional punch. i regularly trail through dull short films and it's always nice to come across something that has a simple and enlightened message, without pretensions or self indulgent directing.a boy at school has to attend a lesson when his friend plays truant and is given the most important lesson of his life, only to find that when there are not enough copies to go around he has to share with the school bully.unlike most short films featuring children or actors these kids hold their own and it's believable. the soundtrack nicely complements the emotion of the piece and the punchline of the film works well.

tom and butch cat fight over the capture of jerry mouse because the one who doesn't catch jerry gets kicked out. the two cats dress in their master's clothing to disguise themselves and lets the other have it! confused, tom and butch whack their master's rear and all three of them get kicked out.

"a mouse in the house" is a very classic cartoon by tom & jerry, faithful to their tradition but with jokes of its own. it is hysterical, hilarious, very entertaining and quite amusing. artwork is of good quality either.this short isn't just about tom trying to catch jerry. butch lives in the same house and he's trying to catch the mouse too, because «there's only going to be one cat in this house in the morning -- and that's the cat that catches the mouse».if you ask me, there are lots of funny gags in this cartoon. the funniest for me are, for example, when mammy two shoes sees the two lazy cats sleeping and says sarcastically «i'm glad you're enjoying the siesta» and that she hopes they're satisfied because she ain't, making the two cats gasp. another funny gag is when tom disguises himself as mammy two shoes and slams butch with a frying pan and then butch does the same trick to tom. of course that, even funnier than this, is when the real mammy two shoes appears and both (dumb!) cats think they are seeing each other disguised as mammy and then they both attack her on the "rear" - lol. naturally that she gets mad and once she gets mad, she isn't someone to mess with. but even jerry doesn't win this time, because he is expelled by her too.

this story is a familiar one in the long-running tom and jerry cartoons, especially in the 1940s, the only difference being that two cats instead of one are threatened to be evicted if they don't catch the mouse (jerry). tom has an unnamed buddy ("butch?") living in the house with him, so this really upsets "mammy two shoes" who can't believe that they have a mouse despite two cats in the house.anyway, the one who catches jerry can stay while the other gets the boot, so the competition is on!even though it's familiar territory i still enjoyed this because the cartoon had enough original sight gags to make entertaining. you not only had the cats competing against each but jerry in the equation as well, so there were enough good gags to definitely recommend if you are a tom & jerry fan.

this is a bit of a puzzle for a lot of the artsy lynch crowd. they tend to try to write this off as some kind of meaningless, crude, side project of lynch's. like this is lynch passing gas between his real pieces of film art. well it may be a fart, but its one of those intriguing farts that you catch of a whiff of and are embarrassed to admit you enjoy.dumbland distilled down beyond this is art. what can you do with aspects of modern life but laugh at it. if you took it seriously you would go nuts. you hook into it, smell it, taste it, feel its agonies, its unreasoning stupidities, and then express it in any medium you choose. thats called art, and art isn't dumb. but it is dumbland.

dumbland is not for all. in fact dumbland maybe in for nobody except lynch and that's what make it funny and a collective cartoon. violent? yes. profanity? yes. absurd? yes. a piece of garbage? never. dumbland is a wonderful picture of some americans that don't have brains and hit wife and kids for fun. from méxico i can say i love it! my favorite episodes are: 1- my teeths are bleeding, all the noise around and violence make me wanna scream and put me behind my bed. 2- get the stick! yeah baby get it and learn a lesson: some people never be thankful for your actions. 3- ants. the more lynch episode of all, music, surrealism and a very sweet revenge...

it is said that david lynch's films and shorts won't appeal to everyone. neither will dumbland, maybe more than ever. i have a feeling that dumbland, as people come across it, will be a true mark of 'i get it' or 'what the hell'. it's not surrealism exactly, but absurd to the point of no return. it's also very, very, very stupid. but in this stupidity can be a sort of ironic intelligence to it, that the maker knows so well how childish and repugnant this is, and this self-consciousness is a plus, not a detraction. it's just a bunch of crudely drawn shorts- the kind that might not even make it on hertzfeldt and judge's animation show (which, i might add, lynch here has a lot in common with both directors in their work- centered on a lummox with an iq of 20 who has a constantly quivering-with-fear wife, and a child who looks like a cross between the gingerbread man and/or an alien. the episodes include little situations like a faulty treadmill, a salesman who can recite the gettysburg address, watching over a sick brother in law, ant hallucinations, and just wallowing on the couch with noise all around. all the while, lynch is still experimenting, as he was constantly for better or worse during the period of five years he made on and off inland empire.for one thing, he's going back to the roots of his very first short, six figures getting sick six times, in the usage of repetition as a means to an end. this sometimes works excruciatingly well, and sometimes not. sometimes, like with the episode with the sitting around the house doing nothing as teeth are bleeding and a fly buzzes around, the absurdism sort of waxes and wanes without much of a good effect. and even an episode like with the guy's friend coming over is funny more-so for the beavis & butt-head comparison (both laugh like idiots, and are equally engrossed by killing things like fish and sheep). what ends up working is how lynch shows up front delirious abstractions, in the crudest ways imaginable, and excessive violence. in what comes closest to surrealism in "ants", the guy mistakenly sprays bug-spray (just called "kill", one of lynch's very cheap but fun pokes at societal conventions) on himself, and envisions ants in a musical chorus line, solos included. and one of the most harrowingly funny things i've ever seen from the filmmaker is "get the stick", where we just see the guy, cheered on by his son, getting a stick lodged in his mouth. soon the neck breaks, eyes pop out, and once said stick is removed he doesn't watch out for traffic waddling like a manhole cover. other moments pop up like this in unexpected crevices, and it's drawn as if on cheap paper with an impetus to shock with foul-mouthed language (mostly from the man, as well as from the 'grandmother', who in one of lynch's voices for the characters is the deepest of all), and a shaky quality that's reminiscent of the cream of the crop from (early) hertzfeldt.all the same i'm still not sure if dumbland is something i would put into someone's hands if they haven't seen much of lynch yet let alone anything by him. there are some little points on society made via complete exaggerations that may or may not be in lynch's mind closer than we usually think to those in real life. however in general there's not a whole lot that should be read into it, which is why i'd say more than half who see it will hate it with a passion. those who dig the bottom-less pits of animated comedy, be prepared have a blast.

since september of last year, i have been borrowing four to six films each week from the harold washington library, which boasts an impressive dvd collection. (the hwl truly is a circulating library: three-quarters of its films are out at any given time!) recently, i was thrilled to find the short films of david lynch. yesterday, knowing little about the animated series, i picked up dumbland. i'm here to report that, for david lynch fans, watching the eight episodes is half an hour well-spent.the most remarkable feature of these brief pieces are their soundtracks. each episode has its own rhythm. respiratory and digestive systems provide percussion. outrageous voices accent pauses' ends. physical violence supplies the beats. chirping birds and buzzing sockets brush along the edges. many other elements fill out the orchestra. the pacing of the crude animation often keeps in sync with the sound, but the soundtrack itself struck me as lynch's primary interest in creating and disseminating this work. in a way, these eight shorts are unique lynchian rhythms.that said, the situations are odd, ugly, profound, dumb and funny as hell. and there's enough space within them to reflect on how absurd we humans can be. i can't say that i'll watch the collection again, but for anyone who revelled in the movements that is the suite inland empire, dumbland is worth half an hour of your time.

i'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say i enjoyed this. however, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. it's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. the main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)if non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.it is really short, so i would probably rent instead of buying.

i consider myself a great admirer of david lynch's works, for he provides the viewers with absolutely unique motion pictures with typical "lynch-elements." having seen most of his works, i naively thought i could predict lynch's next step. i was dead wrong. dumbland is something i could have never imagined under the name of david lynch. still, after my recovery from the first shock, i started to contemplate about this extremely primitive main character, and i drew the conclusion that all the absurdities, cruelty, brutality and disgust presented here are mirroring bits from reality, being emphasized by distorting it. there are things in our lives we hardly ever emphasize, for they are either disgusting or horrible, however, they are surrounding us, so i take the courage to say, dumbland focuses on these bits and pieces. this is not a movie to enjoy, though you'll sometimes laugh out of a strange, perverted sense of humor, this is an animated reflection of all things we rather reject to observe, with its simplicity, morbidity and absurdity. take it as it is, you don't have to like it. it just exists. and finally, if you're attentive enough, you'll find elements typical to lynch as well. i recommend it for tolerant people!!!

this is a short, crudely animated series by david lynch (as it says in the beginning), and it follows the misadventures of a backwoods, overall-wearing large man, with a wife who has a stress disorder and an annoying son. both of those elements are harped upon repeatedly in the short episodes, and there's no real plot to be seen. it's easier if you think of this as an exceptionally odd, slightly macabre looney tunes- with far more gore, profanity, bloody violence, and occasional moments of hilarity.i bought the dvd along with eraserhead, having previously seen eraserhead. don't look to this series if you want an artistic masterpiece- this is anything but. in fact, it seems to almost be a statement against such things, as its rough style spits in the face of any sort of animation convention you may see. as lynch says, "if this is funny, it is only funny because we see the absurdity of it all."

dumland focuses on the lives of one (american?) family... the father; a violent and obscene person who loves to fart and use profanity and who has no redeeming qualities. the mother; who appears to be a paranoid psychotic, never really says much. the son; an obscure annoying repetitive little fellow. the animation is simple and crude, but does suite the stories and the characters. the episodes were originally only available from the davidlynch.com website, but have now been released on dvd. there are 8 episodes on the dvd and a brief synopsis follows:1- the neighbor: we meet the next door neighbor, and find out three things about him... he has a really nice shed, he only has one arm and he likes to do naughty things with ducks.2- the treadmill: we find out that the wife has an affinity for exercise, but the husband doesn't really think it's a good idea. in the end, the exercise treadmill is victorious.3- the doctor: the father has an unfortunate accident with an exposed live wire... the doctor's examination is quite thorough (if not unconventional) but the diagnosis is "you are perfectly normal" (but we knew that).4- a friend visits: after an altercation with the new clothes hoist, a friend comes to visit (believe it or not, he has one! but after we meet him we can understand why), no surprises when he tells us what his hobbies are.5- get the stick: we meet another neighbor, he has a stick stuck in his mouth (although we never find out how it got there). unfortunately, removing the stick from his neighbor's mouth ends up being harder (and more violent) than expected... but he is victorious in the end... jesus some people can be ungrateful!!!6- my teeth are bleeding: this was my favorite episode... and was also the most mind- numbingly repetitive and annoying (hmm, what does that say about me??). not sure why the son's teeth started bleeding, but believe me when i say it was minimal to the plot of the story. which is an oxymoron, as the story had no plot. but did have a funny ending (involving a fly)!!7- uncle bob: after meeting uncle bob, and uncle bob's wife, we get a distinct feeling that the dumbland gene-pool is very shallow. uncle bob is a sickly fellow (i shan't elaborate, lest i spoil it for you). uncle bob's wife definitely wears the pants in his family... and the father definitely ends up on the wrong side of her ample fist (and spends the rest of their visit cowering in a tree in the back yard).8- ants: after the home gets infiltrated with ants, and a misbegotten attempt to bug-spray them goes awry... he ends up spraying himself in the face with the bug-spray and starts hallucinating. the ants put on a fabulous song and dance show... he goes berserk trying to kill them, winds up in a full body plaster... and lets just say, the ants get their vengeance in the end.as bad as these stories are, there is something that kept compelling me to watch them. they do give another insight into the mind of one of my favorite directors. david lynch. maybe they were an outlet for him, to get rid of some of his violent thoughts?? i did actually laugh out loud at many points within the episodes. many aspects are absurdly funny!!

i'm gonna tip the scales here a bit and say i enjoyed this. however, the cartoon is really only going to appeal to those who have very absurdist tendencies. it's definitely something that most people will not get, as is the nature of absurdism.the animation is horrible, but yes, that's the point. the main character is foul mouthed, violent, and stupid. no redeeming qualities whatsoever. his wife shrieks and wails, apparently just barely capable of the most basic communication skills. most of these stories completely lack any kind of point.but again, that's the point ;)if non sequiters, foul language, and complete and utter randomness are your thing, you're going to love this.it is really short, so i would probably rent instead of buying.

the three stooges has always been some of the many actors that i have loved. i love just about every one of the shorts that they have made. i love all six of the stooges (curly, shemp, moe, larry, joe, and curly joe)! all of the shorts are hilarious and also star many other great actors and actresses which a lot of them was in many of the shorts! in my opinion the three stooges is some of the greatest actors ever and is the all time funniest comedy team! this is a good three stooges short. it funny and its cast includes christine mcintyre,symona boniface, gino corrado, fred kelsey, sam flint, chester conklin, theodore lorch, lynton brent, judy malcolm, vernon dent, john tyrrell, heinie conklin, and bess flowers. the stooges performed very well in this short! i recommend this one!

in micro phonies the stooges are at there best. in this short the trio are handymen working in a recording studio. they end up getting a look at alice van doren (christine mcintyre)singing the voice of spring. the voice is amazing. curly in drags is heard by mrs. bixby (symona boniface). moe calls curly senior cucaracha. the three stooges end up going to party where curly is going to dress up in drags. they play a record of the voices of spring and all is going well until moe destroy the record on curly's head. they end up using the lucia sexlet until the baritone recognizes them and unplugs it. alice van doren catches on to the boy scream and hides behind a curtain to help them out. all is well until the baritone wonders how curly is singing without the aid of a phonograph discovers alice behind the curtain. the three stooges are revealed to be frauds but alice's father discovers his daughter's talent and agrees that she should become a singer. the stooge are pelted out of the room. excellent.

this is without a doubt the funniest of the curly stooges shorts. i've seen it dozens of times and it always makes me laugh. hilarious pantomime sequences. a perfect example of "musical comedy". even people who don't like the knuckleheads remember this one fondly.

most stoogephiles consider this to be the best stooges short bar none, and they're right. curly is a scream dressed up in drag as "senorita cucaracha", and moe and larry are in top form as "senor mucho" and "senor gusto", respectively. christine mcintyre's beautiful operatic voice is given full rein--she actually was a trained opera singer--and it's wonderful. the great gino corrado is hilarious as a pompous italian singer terrorized by the stooges at a society party. some truly funny gags, good direction and very tight editing make this rise to the very top of the stooges' prolific output. what's even more amazing is that curly was having severe health problems at the time, and in several of the shorts he made during this period, you can see that he is obviously ill; his timing is way off, he speaks very slowly and haltingly, and has trouble getting around. fortunately, his health was in an upswing when he made this film, and it shows. classic stooge comedy, and enjoyed by even non-stooge fans (i had a girlfriend who couldn't stand the stooges, but even she laughed at this one). a must-see.

i remember when i first saw this short, i was really laughing so hard, that like with a lot of other films that i have seen, no sound came out! curly is really great at "singing" opera in this one, i am surprised that he did not consider a career as a professional singer, because he was really good! if you noticed, this was filmed near the end of curly's career as a stooge, you could really tell he had changed, because he had lost weight and was thinner, his voice was deepening, his face was getting lined with wrinkles, though he still could pull it off, he looked like he was fifty at the age of forty. this was because he was suffering many minor strokes before his big one that ended his career. be he still managed to pull it off in his last ones! if you don't mind the fact that curly was really getting very ill at this point, this is actually one of their funniest shorts. i know that i didn't mind the fact that curly was really changing, because i still thought that he was great! 10/10

this three stooges flick is at a tie with my other favorite flick "disorder in the court". this is an uproar of laughter for any three stooges fan to enjoy.the boys are janitors at a recording studio when they hear the lovely christine mcintyre sings a great version of "voices of spring". she is going to be offered a record deal, but she is scarred to be honest with her father about her choice of a career and prove herself as a real singer. when she and the others leave the studio, the stooges decide to have a little fun and play her record and dress curly up as christine. the contract lady who can make christine's career, sees curly and mistakes him for christine and invites curly to sing for her party. of course there is a man that they have upset that is at the party and they destroy his solo in front of the crowd, so he'll find a way to get back at them.what a great stooge flick, this should not be missed! 10/10

micro-phonies is a classic stooge short. the guys are inept repairmen working at a radio station, and during some horsing around in a broadcast booth, curly's perfect mimic of a recording of "voices of spring" is mistaken for the real thing, leading to a radio contract and a zany musical party. the trio's mock rendition of the quintet from "lucia de l'amamore" is especially entertaining. no doubt this is essential viewing for stooge fans.although the evidence of curly's failing health is visible in his face and voice, his performance is amazing, and it is probably the last glimpse of the old curly. some fans think that "a bird in the hand" is the last great curly short, but his coarse voice and slow movement are just too difficult to watch.

this is one of my two or three favorite stooges shorts, and undoubtedly christine mcintyre's best performance with the trio. she is good in a number of other shorts, but here she is absolutely brilliant. her singing is not funny at all, in fact it is downright beautiful, but the plot is constructed in such a way that the singing enhances the humor rather than detracting from it. we listen to mcintyre sing the entirety of voice of spring no less than three times, but it never gets old, partly because we don't tire of her voice, and partly because it blends so well with the stooges' antics. the use of operatic soprano in a comedy is reminiscent of kitty carlisle's role in the marx brothers' "a night at the opera," but the singing is much more a part of the comedy here than in "opera," and mcintyre (perhaps more in other performances than here) exhibited a comedic talent of her own that carlisle never did. the stooges' buffoonery, mcintyre's singing, and a well-constructed plot combine for 5 out of 5 stars.

the boys are working outside a recording studio when they hear "the voice of an angel." that would be miss van doren, auditioning and going under the name of miss andrews because her father doesn't approve of her being a "radio singer". however, she hopes a certain big-wig, mrs. bixby, a friend of her dad's will hire her, and then he will have to give his approval.she leaves but within minutes the boys are running amok in the studio causing havoc and having other musicians out to kill them after they ruin the recording session. finally things calm down. "whew, we eluded them," says moe. "yeah, we got away, too," answers curly.the boys then fool around in the studio, put on miss van doren's record and curly gets dressed in women's clothes and pretends he's singing. mrs. bixby walks in, is impressed and hires "seniorita cucacha" on the spot! for an extra $500, she's asked to come and sing at their high-society party that night. the rest, as they say,is history as curly pretends to be an opera singer with some funny results. oh, by the way, he accompanied by "senior mucho" and "senior gusto."what happens at the party is simply that the truth wins out, but not before a few slapstick antics take place. in all, a pretty good episode. i enjoyed it but wouldn't rate it as anything special.

sorry to say i have no idea what hollywood is doing. sure give us movies like batman begins. oh, by the way hollywood i think they may cover the story line in the movie batman, but please don't entertain us what we would really want to see batman and superman together. i really hated this trailer because it left me wanting for more. i was looking around to see when it was coming out. it was like a terrible practical joke. the graphics where good the story line seemed solid and it had all the trappings of a great movie. unfortunately it's not going to happen for now. to the producers, directors and all the actors great job but i hate you for doing this to me. you left me wanting more.

after seeing the terrible, terrible, terrible batman: dead end i knew i had to see this as soon as i heard about it.pressing play to view the trailer i thought i was in for another hideous short from what so-far looked like another bad wannabe film-maker trying to bring new depth to an existing character. but was instead greeted with a greatly put together trailer for a movie that sadly doesn't exist, as i would love to see a finished movie even if it was only 30 minutes long.world's finest makes up for batman: dead end and then some.i look forward to the next short!

i've just seen it....for those who don't know what it is, i suggest to download the entire feature and enjoy viewing it...it's kinda amateur made trailer featuring the same producer of the famous short batman dead end, but this time besides the black knight there is also superman... it would be wonderful if they made the entire movie...but i'm afraid that it's almost impossible, especially just before the official batman 5 film.-- there is no greater crime against peace than the refusal to fight for it.lorenzo 'purifier'pinto

after seeing the "batman dead end" short, i didn't know what to really expect from world's finest. of course, superman and batman. all my world's finest comic books have them as the team-up.after seeing this 3-and-a-half minute trailer, it made me wish someone would make a serialized fan film for world's finest, if not an actual full-length film.sure, some of the superman stuff was cheesy, but movie trailers in theaters are always teasers, giving you only certain aspects of the entire product. this looks like it needs a complete product.other than director sandy collera's relative playing an achingly poor perry white, most of the actors were unknown. if an actual movie was made, actors would be cast to fit the bill for the film, though i believe nina kaczorowski would make a good lois lane, especially if given closer-to-the-character dialogue.good to see clark bartram wearing the batman costume from dead end, but it should be updated a bit more and not be like the 40s batman with the 80s-90s leather cape and cowl. his demeanor is batman-like, but i still wonder about the validity of white contact lenses instead of just allowing his eyes to show through the mask. i believe the goal was to get it as close to the comic character than the movie persona.michael o'hearn cannot play superman, period. he stands around with a goofy look on his face that simply says, "slap me." and line delivery seems to be a problem with him.overall, though, i would love to see a complete story and film based on this ingenious piece of work. there was a rumor about a world's finest movie being made, and with the correct additions to the script, this could be it. hope more like this are made.

another exquisite taste of what a superhero movie should be after batman:dead end that just helps stimulate our taste buds and leave us wanting more! this is what a real superhero movie should look like and feel like! even tough this is a fanfilm of sorts. the attention to detail, character and action is undeniably real. although this is a limited resources production, it puts to shame big budgeted, star-casted, hyped productions "other" superhero related movies. here the main and supporting characters act and look like they are real life people. finally, a superman that actually looks "super" and looks like the real thing! batman the way it should be, without the flashy rubber-casted , ripped body armor to hide scrawny physiques for over paid actors that don't deliver. i just wish that some sensible warner bros. exec gives the ok to produce a full length adaptation of this jewel. i don't care if it goes to theaters or straight to dvd, i would never get tired of watching it. just the plot itself is worth my hard earned dough for this. hope the "bigwigs" at marvel & dc productions take a look and see what a real well produced superhero movie should look. no more "batman & robin" fiasco, or hulk, daredevil, etc. learn from these small time directors and learn that there shouldn't be any reason to "reinvent" the hero for the movie, just to have it "bomb" in theaters. mr. collora...we need more directors like you!!

batman and superman. iconic. the better part of a century old. who doesn't know of these two? there must be countless of fans who would die to make a film about them. sandy collora went ahead and put together a trailer for such a film(which does not exist, and is not being created, much less by this team). perhaps what this has most going for it is how polished it is. throughout, the cinematography is solid. the editing is spot-on. the production values, even with the costumes looking more like their comic counterparts than the ones of the feature films featuring these character, are quite high. it looks quite "hollywood", this trailer. the physical types fit for, as far as i can tell, every single character. the lines are reasonably written. the shots are well-thought up, nicely achieved and fairly effective. however, this does have problems, and in spite of looking good, it doesn't quite match the energy and skill of grayson(which only had the problem of teeter-tottering too much back and forth between a short and a trailer, as well as unbridled passion leading to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). the acting is perhaps the most evident. it's... not good. even some of those who only have one line and/or hardly appear on-screen at all manage to fail at delivering a good performance. the actors cast in the parts seem to have been chosen more for how much they look like the characters they're playing than their talent. then there is the writing. really, the plot, well, what minuscule amount there is(this and this character team up, something about some evil plot...) is fine. there is a problem in the characterization. while most characters seem to fit, two-face is, well, about as much as a cackling lunatic(which is quite simply, as far as i've understood, not what the character is) as he was in batman forever(and having your work on portraying any element of the batman universe compared to joel schumacher's efforts can be considered the greatest insult to a fan). also, putting that character in this is going to cause comparisons between this trailer and that film(honestly, collora is practically *begging* for it with such a similar initial reveal) to be made, and, let's face it, this loses in every respect. michael antonik most definitely does not possess the screen presence that tommy lee jones does, and the make-up(which, in aforementioned reveal, is essential) isn't as strong as that of the film(whether or not it was good in the film is another matter). the sad thing is that while fiorella(john, who created grayson) seems to be far more into the comics, and get them, the depth of them, better(not to mention possessing more of an ability to come up with compelling plot... grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films, or more), collora seems to be the one with access to funds and the one who's more likely to have contacts(on account of having non-indie credits on his filmography) to actually have a shot at making an actual feature out of his trailer. i intend to watch other of collora's work. but fiorella is the one of the two whose work i will most definitely be most interested in. i recommend this to fans of the characters. 7/10

this short film trailer is basically about superman and batman working together and forming an uneasy alliance.obviously,the two characters have vastly differing views on how to deal with crime and what constitutes punishment.it's a lot of fun to see these two iconic characters try to get along.i won't go int to the storyline here.but i will get into the acting,which is terrific.everyone is well cast.the two actors playing superman and batman are well suited to their characters.the same filmmakers that made batman: dead end and grayson also made this short film.of the three,i probably liked this one the least,but i still thought it was well done.for me,world's finest is a 7/10

this is a fan-made short film that pretends to be a preview for a new movie that pairs batman and superman! it's the sort of film that fans adore and watch at places like comiccon and was made by the same person who made batman: dead end, sandy collora.as far as this film goes, i could easily pick it apart. sure the cgi effects aren't perfect and the costumes are far from perfect. but, this was made on a shoestring budget and for a fan film this is incredible. i was particularly impressed by the very buff superman--he was no wimpy little guy! if only this were a preview for a real film--they'd have fans lined up from here to omaha to see it. great job.

i really liked batman: dead end, i thought that it had a theatrical feel to it and that given a chance collora could make a fine film. this trailer didn't quite give me the same impression. the story line, or potential story line, was quite good but due to the acting and special effects left me feeling like this would have made a good tv movie or television show.first, michael o'hearn is not that good a superman. i actually thought he, in his brief appearance, made a decent clark kent. sorry, i just don't think of superman as being that buff. the suit kent wore masked his size. batman may have the body of a bodybuilder but not superman. supes is toned no doubt but not bulk. anyway, i didn't care for all his posing and his transformation from kent to superman seemed cheezy. now this may not be just o'hearn's fault, collora may have to take some of the credit for poor scripting and direction.second, the special effects for flying were cheezy. superman flies through the sky. if was obvious that this superman flew close to the ground, with the telephone cables and buildings visible above him. i don't think there were any full body shots of superman flying. evidently the harness and rigging supporting o'hearn must have been located on his lower torso.all in all it was a good trailer. i'd probably pay to see a film, if ever made, and would be sure to catch it on television. the story line, an alliance between lexcorp and wayne industries, superman jealous of lois's attraction to wayne, lex and twoface teaming to beat superman and the joining of forces between batman & superman is a good one. i'm sure with a larger budget and approval for a full film collora and company, even o'hearn could deliver a decent film. certainly one better than the most of the comic based crap coming out of hollywood lately.

this film is really cool. every thing looks like it came out of the comic book. the sets, the costumes, and the plot is great. clark bartram is again our favorite batman. he looked a bit better in dead end, but he still pulls it off. superman is great too. the flying effects are ok. but its a fan-film so we cant expect them to be the greatest. the shot with superman catching the car was very believable. it was cool. this is a movie i would definitely see if it were real. its got every thing you would want in a batman/ superman movie. one exception though, i would cast the joker instead of 2-face..... overall i give this film a 10 because its a great film.

i'll say this to begin with:...why, oh why, can't wb do what these short film directors do? sandy is obviously an amazing director, and deserves some credit from wb and dc. but i guess they're kinda put on edge when a man with a $12,000 budget can make a super-hero fan drool. the world's finest is one of the best short films i've ever seen, trailer or not.i think choosing a bodybuilder(mike o'hearn) to play superman was a genius choice. let's face it people, superman is no super-model. he may be handsome, but a gq stud he is not. and i don't know what that guy a few comments above me was on, but superman is actually pretty beefy(have you ever actually read a superman comic?). i guess that fact alone just floors me...it seems like such an obvious choice to get someone with some actual muscle-mass to play a super-hero, rather than a pretty-face. same thing for batman, bartram is in incredible shape, and an excellent batman...i don't know guys...if given a bigger budget, and his own movie...i think bale and bartram would be neck and neck. bottom line, this is one of only a scant few of super-hero movies with actors that actually look the part.the acting is pretty nice as well. i don't know what every one is talking about, o'hearn isn't that bad. he's damn convincing as superman, and bartram...well, he is batman. i mean, come on people, this movie had a $12,000 dollar budget, what were you expecting?. everyone else is great too, except two-face seems a tad crazier than usual...but hey, we only have tommy-lee jones as a reference. oh, lois is pretty hot too.the sfx are flippin' sweet too. i mean, seeing superman lift the car up...man!, how cool is that. versus the "tank" scene in grayson, i may have to put this one above that, since mike actually looks like he's flying, and with ease. the flying sequences left something to be desired, but once again, with a bigger budget...oh, and he even used a batmobile!(it was probably a model, but it looked damned convincing).all in all, this trailer's only downfall was a lack of a serious budget. and wb refuses to admit that collora is a credible director, and needs to be apart of some kind a project...but no, they'll(like most of the marvel projects) just keep getting these hack directors who show almost no regard for the fans and what they care about, and keep churning out these gamble movies. thank god superman returns was a hit, or that seriously would've been the end of it. world's finest is excellent, and in my book, counts as a superhero movie.

let me make one thing clear….for the most part, the mentality of those who run the show in hollywood frankly p*sses me right off in general and even more specifically in relation to its treatment of much loved, iconic characters from the pages of comic books. why? well let's take a typical hollywood executive board meeting scenario to illustrate shall we…..executive no.1 'hey there's lots of dollars to be gleaned from superhero flicks these days.' executive no.2 'good point, let's make one with haste then! – we'll do a lucky dip in a hat and pick out a superhero at random to base a film upon!' (the dip takes place and a famous superheroes name is pulled out) executive no.1 'great! now who can we get to play the part?' executive no.2 'who's a big box office star at the moment?' executive no.1 '*name of big actor* is the in thing this week.' executive no.2 'but does he really suit the role? i mean he doesn't resemble the character whatsoever.' executive no.1 'who cares?! he's a big name; we'll make the film with him in it anyway.' executive no.2 'you're quite right! and besides we'll fill the entire film so chock full of glitzy special effects to appease the moronic masses that no one will ever question it anyway!'the above scenario clearly illustrates one of the reasons i generally loath most modern superhero movies. all style, no substance and simply pathetic casting of the iconic leads. of course to be equitable, there are exceptions to the above rule; when hollywood does get it right – take the casting of the original (and still easily the best!) superman; christopher reeve and more recently patrick stewart and sir ian mckellen in the x-men films.but back to the general negative traits displayed by hollywood today…..wouldn't it be wonderful if our studio executives were to always choose actors who actually suited the roles? well in this less than ideal world, one filmmaker does just this believe it or not, by casting actors based upon their genuine resemblance to their comic book counterparts. his name is sandy collora. sadly (but typically) hollywood has not as of yet allowed collora to direct a full length film but luckily for us, he has given us tantalizing glimpses of what the finished outcome would likely look like in the form of two (as of yet) famous super hero short features. one is the superb batman:dead end and the other is this mock trailer for an entirely fictitious film called worlds finest.well, let's not mince our words here – this is absolutely awesome stuff!the casting of mr. universe winner and male model michael o'hearn, (who looked similarly awesome but was utterly wasted in the lackluster barbarian) makes for the most perfect choice to play the iconic man of steel. in fact, in terms of physical resemblance, there has undoubtedly never been a closer approximation to the comic character.added to this clark bartram is back fresh from his splendid portrayal as the dark knight in batman:dead end; again, yet another hugely judicious piece of casting!what can i say? – if only this was indeed a real, full length film! hollywood studio executives – take note! this is how it should be done!as a final note, i am once again intrigued by the vastly split reactions this short film has evoked from fans. tellingly, the most acerbic and vehemently adverse reactions against it clearly come once more (as similarly with batman: dead end) from a younger, less cinematically experienced audience; a fact betrayed by their somewhat grammatically primitive rants and liberal usage of base diction. such an unfortunate state of closed mindedness is indeed a sad phenomenon albeit one that our aforementioned studio executives in hollywood, will no doubt derive great satisfaction from. after all, these very same misguided individuals are in all probability the exact same sort of cgi addicted, popcorn stuffing imbeciles that revel in the majority of crap that hollywood churns out by the deluge these days.

"world's finest" is an unique project. it's a trailer for a superman/batman crossover movie that doesn't exists and will also never exists, at least not in this form, with these characters, actors and plot line anyway.so the movie is one big tease, even more than standards everyday real movie trailers. the trailer will hype you all up for nothing. in that regard, i really didn't liked this short project. when watching this trailer it makes you hungry and excited for more and at the same time sad- and perhaps you'll even feel cheated afterward, when it turns out that a full length movie of this trailer will never exist at all. sort of makes you wonder why this project was made in the first place. surely to show off sandy collora's skills but couldn't he had also done this with a real movie short, like his earlier movie "batman: dead end".but when you have to judge this short purely for what it is, so from a movie technical point of view, it's a really great one. it's great looking and way more professional than you'll perhaps at first would expect, although the people who've already seen "batman: dead end" will already know better than to expect a short with cardboard sets, cheap homemade costumes and third-rate actors. the short is not constantly impressive looking and obviously the budget wasn't sky-high but for most part it's very impressive and professional looking, with nice costumes, sets, special effects, cinematography and lighting.the short has a good quick and typical trailer build up, with perhaps a bit too many posing shots too completely find it credible but hey, it works well for the trailer style. it has some impressive shots but also a couple of lame ones, mainly the superman flying sequences. it was obvious that the guy was just standing at a moving car, with a camera aimed at him from an angle below. i even found it a pretty laughable thing to watch. but really the better and more spectacular moments really compensate for this.michael o'hearn seemed like a pretty good superman/clark kent, although he obviously isn't the greatest talented actor around. clark bartram reprises his batman role well again and kurt carley seemed like an awesome lex luthor. the rest of the cast also served its purpose well enough.it's especially interesting to watch this short after the recent new modern reinterpretations of the two main superheroes of this movie, in the movies "batman begins" and "superman returns". it's interesting to compare the style and character treatment of those movies with this one. it's actually amazing and fun to hear how much kurt carley does sound like kevin spacey, the actor who played lex luthor in "superman returns".it's a good looking and well made and constructed trailer that however will makes you hungry for more, even though you know that there won't be more. whatever happened to the waner bros. plans to create an actual full length superman/batman movie by the way? i thought that developments were underway for it a couple of years ago but nothing has been heard of it ever since. instead two new separate batman and superman movies were made; "batman begins" and "superman returns".7/10

i admit i had no idea what to expect before viewing this highly stylized piece. it could have been the cure for a zombie virus or the common cold for all i knew. it began with great visuals, little snippets to grab your attention and cause your imagination to run wild. as it continued i learned quickly through voice overs what was taking place. a nice little neo noir story that i felt was not a waist of a few minutes of my time. the little clues given to the audience through visuals at the beginning give them a sense of accomplishment as they piece together the plot. along with a nice twist at the end its a cool package overall. the score, though not bad, gave the film almost a music video feel. it just felt a little dated, not adding anything to further the storyline. some of the performances felt overly dramatic but fit perfectly with the feel of the overall piece. i walk away from this very satisfied. i was given a lot of information in a short period of time but through great editing and voice-over work it didn't feel rushed or pushed. great job!

the cure uses voice over to create an intense mood. although the vo accounts for all of the film's lines it amazingly does not take away from the visual story. the use of multiple film stocks add a lot of texture to the story. the choice of combining b & w and color worked nicely to enhance the leaps in time. the ending will make you jump despite being able to anticipate the result. i was especially enjoyed the thrill of the film's suspense. the close-ups for the love scene are also lovely and reflect a tasteful eye. the piece is quite short but accomplishes a lot. the tight editing really helps to show off what a short film can do. worth watching more than once!

i had pleasure to watch the short film "the cure", by first time director ryan jafri. what really impress me are the camera work and music.i think many young filmmakers (as i myself am one of them) would experience hard time with cinematography when just start making of an indie. we see the output are not exactly what we imaged or below our ambitions. but this film, directorial debut from a young director, handled very well on screen. the camera motion, color, lighting, compositing all contribute to the story and emotion of the film.and music, as a key element of film language, helps a great deal too.it's hard to portray a woman's heart, her desire, her fear, especially in a short. but still, i have to admit i am not a fan of v/o (narration), especially when the film is advanced by narration, instead of shots and cuts. my personal feeling to some of the narrative part is, my guess was the narrator tried a bit too hard. so the energy pushes audience back from the emotion of the film.overall, it's a short film nicely done, i could see the input from a director. way to go, ryan! greeting from china, looking forward to your next.tim

not sure if it was right or wrong, but i read thru the other comments before watching the short.i have to say i disagree with most of the negative comments or problems people have had with it.as a first time "lone wolf" director/producer,i like to see things that i can aspire to,not necessarily from the pro's, but by people just getting their feet wet like me.if indeed this is also from a first-timer,as i read,i applaud the effort.marvelous job then in that respect! there were some comments about the music.i thought it was quite nice for the piece.some say it kind of droned along for a while, but i found that created tension without(us)necessarily being conscious of it, and when he pulled the gun out and the guitar started crunching chords,it was like we knew there was a train on the tracks, but realize it is just now moving. yes there is a 180 degree slip/clip in there, but shi* happens.did anyone else see hugh's dirty shirt turn white (near the end,in the rain) in "australia"? look how much money and people were behind that movie! give the kid a break for gods sake! all in all i think it was very well done. only 2 things i would have mentioned are hardly worth mentioning-don't walk up to a shiny brass picture frame with the camera, and i would have just displayed the splatter at the beginning shots to a still shot, so people wouldn't necessarily know what it is.my experience so far has taught me that it's not that it's hard to make a movie,it just takes time to learn how to do it,then the time to actually do it, and then you better take some more time still to think of all the details you'll need to have shot before you call "post-production time!" imho, it looks like director/writer ryan jafri did his homework, and if this indeed is his first report card, i'd give him an "a". the rest of you report to the principals office for a whuppin'.

time and time again, i've stated that if people don't want remakes or sequels made, they should stop seeing them and instead venture into the world of independent film. having said that though, the last time i saw an independent film myself must have been easily six months ago. so here's a review for an indie that i had my attention drawn to on youtube; the cure.right away, you can tell that the film is going for an avant-garde film approach which is telegraphed in its use of extreme close ups, scopophilia and fast editing. it is proud of the way it looks - and it has a right to be. for the most part it is a very nicely composed little piece, save for one inexcusable disregard for the 180 degree rule and a comically bad gunshot effect which is a phenomenon that seems to be the calling card for self funded projects.still, despite these amateurish mistakes the majority of the shots are actually a pleasure to look at. we're presented with a good use of props and locations, good visual acting and some very atmospheric, fluid editing, which is made more commendable as this is definitely something you won't see very often at all from a youtube submission. the plot is fragmented and although the basic premise is fairly simple some may find it hard to follow exactly what is happening, but what we are seeing here is avant-garde storytelling at work; you can't really expect a straightforward three act structure and if you do you might not be ready for this kind of movie.where the film is unfortunately let down however is the sound. what you're going to hear throughout is a distorted voice-over which often sounds insincere and worse still is the continuous background music, which goes through minimal change and doesn't add much to anything. so much attention is paid to the visuals that the audio frankly sounds neglected, and this becomes really apparent when you realize you've just missed about four sentences of the narration and have to backtrack to pick up what slipped past your attention.so, give it a watch, but do it with the sound turned off.last thought; was anyone else reminded of the cover for doug naylor's red dwarf novel "last human" early in the film? if you have the book you know what i mean.

let me start by saying i have never reviewed a movie on imdb before; however, i am in the video biz myself. and coming from that perceptive; i can say, without a shadow of a doubt that this film is what a short should be. it has a very good story and another thing i love-(an even better twist ending). opening was very well done, i loved video chosen for it and how it was edited.i am not a fan of b&w but the way this film uses the effect it works. and with any film that is all that matters. the flow of the film works perfectly and editing was very well done. from a technical side of things (which is side i normally work on) everything is also very well done. there is no major tech. stuff to point out. only minor one i have is that the end credits are a little bouncy. this is probably due to a rendering issue. let me also say that i would have prefer to seen more of the love scene but i am guy (so you can chalk that up to a guy factor).so overall i rate it a 9/10. it is worth the watch if you fan of indies and/or short films.ps. sorry for bad grammar or spelling.

the cure is an amazing film...so suspenseful and just so real! i was lucky enough to catch a screening of 'the cure' at it's nyc premiere and it completely blew me away! i also heard it won an award from that particular festival, and it definitely deserved it. the first thing that struck out at me was the cinematography. eric giovon did an amazing job. the shooting style of the love scene halfway into the film was amazing. a love scene was necessary in this film, and jafri got the point across but also kept the scene tasteful. giovon and jafri make an excellent creative team and they should definitely work together on future projects. judy maier's narration was so surreal but simultaneously heart wrenching, it made me feel what the main character felt. i'm a very tough critic but i must say the cure is one of my favorite films..just love it! if you haven't seen it yet, check it out!

this is an odd film for me, as after i reviewed a nice film from a new film maker (far out by phil mucci), another writer/director, ryan jafri, contacted me and asked me to watch and review his film, the cure. i don't normally review films this way, but what the heck--i love shorts and couldn't wait to see another.interestingly, while it turned out i did like the cure, i was not thrilled by it and let jafri know. to his credit, he encouraged me to review it anyway--giving it my honest appraisal.the film has tremendous style and as far as jafri's direction goes, it's exceptional--especially for such an inexperienced film maker (it's his first film). the combination of exceptional choices of color, pacing and music that well-suited the film created a great sense of atmosphere. you really are pulled into the film and that is a credit to the film making. however, the thing i didn't love was some of the writing. while the basic idea was great, the ending was just too easy to foresee. i really would have loved the ending had it come as more of a surprise or there to have been an unexpected twist. however, considering that this film is from someone who shouldn't be able to make such a professional film given his experience, it bodes well for his future. good job.

kristine watts (molie weeks) is broken apart, missing her lover; she is not able to overcome her love for him that is lost in the past. she hires a stranger (douglas davis) and gives a list of her mistakes to him with things to fix. but time is irreversible and sometimes the cure for the pain is a tragic end.the first point that impresses in "the cure" is the stylish cinematography that alternates black and white with color. the concise and sharp screenplay is capable to develop a tragic and bleak tale of love with an unexpected plot point in the very end in less than eight minutes. the soundtrack is beautiful but the volume is a little loud and associated to the fact that english is not my native language, in some moments i needed to repeat some words whispered by the narrator. the unknown lead actress has magnificent performance and is extremely gorgeous. i hope to have a chance to see her again on the screen. last but not the least, the debut of the director and writer ryan jafri could not be better. my vote is nine.title (brazil): not available

the entire 10:15 minute presentation is done in a very non-threatening and non-medical way that even preteen children can easily understand. it dispels many of the myths surrounding menstruation that were going around in those days (1946) while sex is not explicitly mentioned, the part about fertilization is. this is also, purportedly, the first hollywood production to ever use the word "vagina" in the dialogue.it is cute how the animated character is shown topless in the shower in a purely animated character way with no defining features as was the way of the day. many of the betty boop cartoons showed her undress without revealing any defining features either. max fleischer was a bit of a card and did this with many of the betty boop cartoons which required frame-by-frame viewing to find them.there is no mention at the beginning or end of the film as to who the female narrator is. in fact, there are no credits whatsoever other than those mentioning kotex and kimberly-clark corporation.this title is nearly impossible to attain; but for those who are bittorrent downloaders, it can be found out there in the ether. this is one of those "keepers" that will become increasingly hard to find as older short subject features fade into obscurity.

although this film is somewhat sanitized (because it was made at a time when people just didn't talk about sex), it is an extremely helpful short film to show prepubescent girls so they know what to expect during menstruation. not surprisingly, it was paid for by the kotex company, though what may surprise many is that disney made this film--as they made a lot of educational films during the 1940s-60s. however well made the film is, though, i think the film maker's missed a real opportunity. instead of the nice female narrator's voice and the relatively bland visuals it would have been great if they'd used minnie mouse and the rest of the disney gang!! i know this would have given old walt a heart attack, but wow that would have been a great film! by the way, although the notion of sex is barely hinted at in the film, it does adequately explain menstruation in general. however, it does lack some details (especially about intercourse) that i assume were included in the accompanying booklet.now if only i can figure out why i watched a cartoon about menstruation.

when i saw this as a child, it answered all of my questions and dispelled any fears or misconceptions that i had. it is easy to watch because it is animated, which makes it unthreatening. it has no moral bias or "preachy" aspects, so nobody should have any objections to it. it is a pleasant film that simply gives the facts of menstruation in a reassuring, "matter-of-fact" way. i hope to show it to my daughter.

if you have not heard of this film from walt disney pictures, do not worry about it. it would be classed along the other films by disney that are meant for educational purposes like "family planning".it was co-produced with kotex to teach pre-teen girls about menstruation, supposably. it only educates at a superficial level, so it does not go into heavy detail for the animated "ram's head"/ reproductive system sequence.the film does show "the wonderful world of disney" elements like the turning of the page and the use of animation to tell the story.this film is impossible to find, so if you can find the film, best luck to you and enjoy.

this is a really great short from hal roach. this is because of two main reasons: the littlest kids in the short are among the cutest to have ever been on film and the plot has so many funny and well-written elements.as for the littlest of the little rascals, i honestly can't think of a cuter kid than spanky at about age four. despite being a rather chubby and unattractive kid in later years, he was just precious here. and, placing the little tiny boy in charge of babysitting the even younger kids was not only funny, but once again high on the cute factor.after the older kids blackmail spanky into doing this awful babysitting job, all kinds of funny mayhem breaks loose. the gags are pretty effective and well-done for the time--with an accidental crank call involving a murder and a final scene where spanky finally gets control of the little ones being the most memorable. i haven't seen these shorts in many decades and i am glad i gave this one a chance.

this is one of the all-time great "our gang" shorts. spanky is at his very cutest and funniest, and the babies that he get's left to babysit are also hilarious. tiny spanky is coerced by the gang into watching all their little siblings. the opening shot of them all in baby carriages, being entertained by various things hung by the gang from fishing poles is a beautiful gag.spanky's appearance wearing his huge toy knife when asked to babysit by the older fellows is priceless, as is his response --"hey, where do you get that stuff -- i don't take care of no babies!" the tiny fellow saying "remarkable" throughout the film, all the beautiful sight gags, and spanky telling the babies "all about tarzan" add up to make this one of the best "our gang"'s you'll ever see.

an our gang comedy short.the gang coerces spanky into watching their younger siblings. caring for these forgotten babies turns out to be quite a chore, leaving the little nipper with no choice but to come up with some ingenious solutions to the baby-sitting problem...spanky is in his glory in this hilarious little film, arguably his best. highlight: spanky's retelling the plot of the tarzan movie he's recently seen to the audience of infants. movie mavens will recognize billy gilbert's voice in the radio drama.

of course, he did have to invent everything about cinematography, film directing, etc. before he could make classics like "the gardner," so i suppose he may be forgiven this initial excursion into mere sociological documentary. today we call them "home movies," and they are just as boring now as this one is

the first film ever made. workers streaming from a factory, some cycling, most walking, moving right or left. along with melies, the lumieres are both the starting point and the point of departure for cinema - with melies begins narrative fiction, cinema, fantasy, artifice, spectacle; with the lumieres pure, unadorned, observation. the truth. there are many intellectuals who regret the ossification of cinema from the latter into the tired formulae of the former.but consider this short again. there is nothing 'objective' about it. the film is full of action - a static, inhuman scene burst into life, activity, and the quiet harmony of the frame is ruptured, decentred from the back to right or left (but never, of course, the front, where the camera is). and yet the camera stands stock still, contains the energy, the possible subversion, subordinates it to its will. the cinematograph may be a revolutionary invention, but it will be used for conservative purposes - to map out the world, edit it, restrict it, limit it.worse is the historical reality of the film. these factory workers are lumiere employees. the bosses are spying on their workers, the unseen eye regarding his faceless minions. the film therefore describes two types of imprisonment. behind the gates, the workers are confined in their workplace. the opening of the gate seems to be an image of freedom, escape, but they face another wall, the fourth wall, further confining them. the first film is also the first example of cctv surveillance, an image of unseen, all-seeing authority entrapping its servants. a frightening, all too prophetic movie.

how can't you rate this movie with 10/10? i admit to say that this movie is not very entertaining but the goal is not to tell you a story but history! this is the first `real' movie of cinema history (`le prince de galles' was first but it was not technically perfect enough…) and it has an undoubtedly huge international value. these people that you can see finishing their working day in the movie had the chance to participate to a historic moment, becoming the first persons to be able to see themselves moving! and above all the shot is a beautiful shot! and it's very moving when you think about the first persons to have seen that! what a moment! historic for science first (because the lumiere brothers first invented the cinematographe for scientific reasons) and for art later. a movie to venerate!

what can i say about the first film ever?you can't rate this, because it's not supposed to be entertaining. but if you have to rate it, you should give it a 10. it is stunning to see moving images from the year 1895. this was one of the most important movies in history. i wonder how it was to be one of the people who saw the first movie ever!

it's utterly pointless to rate this film. it's as if you would condemn (or praise) the newly born for his future life. instead look at it as a powerful meditation at what could have been and what has been in the past 100+years. one hundred and eight years of the cinematograpy: what has become of the babe? i like to contemplate on what would have (creatively) happen if europe wasn't interrupted (devastated) twice by the great wars of the xxth century. on her ruins the bogus neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus named hollywood erected itself. before 1914 french, italian and scandinavian cinemas were leading the way both financially and of course creatively. french film in particular was already threading some very original and creative pathways that could have (if not interrupted) possibly altered the medium history in some unimaginable ways. one wonders what the film history would look like today if it wasn't stultified and choked by the mercantile and cheap political agenda of the hollywood's 80+ years of, what chekhov might define as the reek of greed and harlotry... be it as it might, please at least become aware of la sortie as the key (or at least one of them) to the "kingdom". thus the birthplace of cinema : lumiere brothers factory, lyon, france the date: march 19th 1895 (there's also a replica reel shoot in the summer of 1895 so if you notice summer lights and the workers' lighter clothing: that was the version shown to the very first people who ever saw the moving images. *louis lumiere: creative ideas, cinematography, direction it was all louis' own domain because auguste took care of the rest (money). *first film reels were all fifty seconds long: the camera(=le cinematograph) & the cameramen (le cinematographer) having only paltry fifty seconds to make things happen! *apparently le institute lumiere has managed to preserve around 1500 of these first films executed mostly by an industrious brigade of loumiere travelling cinematographers criss-crossing the globe. ***so, all the stars in starry heavens and a minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention in human history (so far).

story says that on that on december 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people was gathered at paris's salon indien du grand café to witness the cinématographe, a supposedly new invention that resulted from the work done by a couple of photographers named august and louis lumière. the small audience reunited that day (some by invitation, most due to curiosity) didn't really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photograph appeared projected on a screen, most thought that the cinématographe was just another fancy devise to present slide-show projections. until the photograph started to move. what those thirty-three people experienced in awe that cold day of december was the very first public screening of a moving picture being projected on a screen; history was being written and cinema as we know it was born that day.of the 10 short movies that were shown during that historic day, "la sortie des usines lumière" (literally "exiting the lumière factory") was the very first to be screened. the film shows the many workers of the lumière factory as they walk through the gates of the factory, leaving the building at the end of a hard day of work. while a very basic "actuality film" (movie depicting a real event), the movie took everyone in the audience by surprise, as their concept of moving pictures was limited to edison's "peep show" machines (the kinetoscope), the brothers' invention was like nothing they had seen before and so the audience stood in awe, as the people and the horses moved across the screen. the idea wasn't entirely new (le prince shot the first movie as early as 1888), but the way of showing the movie was simply revolutionary."la sortie des usines lumière" would become the first in the long series of "actuality films" that the lumière would produce over the years. this primitive form of documentary was the brothers' favorite kind of film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the uses the cinématographe could have. despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first showing the cinématographe became a great success and "la sortie des usines lumière" quickly became an iconic image of that first screening. it definitely wasn't the first movie the brothers shot that year, and it probably wasn't the best of the 10 movies shown that day (personally i think that "l' arroseur arrosé" was the best of the 10); however, it is really meaningful that the very first movie was the opening of a pair of gates, as literally, this movie opened the gates to cinema as we know it. 8/10

the appeal of ancient films like this one is that you get to see an actual moving image of life over 100 years ago. here are a lot of people leaving a factory, all of them dead by now and none of them even remotely aware of the magnitude of the invention that they are walking before. i was shocked to read one reviewer call this film as boring as home videos today, and at least one other mistakenly identified it as the first film ever made (it was the first film made at the rate of 16 frames per second, rather than the then-normal 46 frames per second). sure, all you see is a lot of people filing out of a building and passing before the cinematograph on their way home from work, but this is a curiosity piece for dozens of reasons, not the least of which is that it was the first film made by the lumiére brothers, who probably had a stronger impact on the development of the cinema than any other individual or group of individuals in history.

you're using the imdb.you've given some hefty votes to some of your favourite films.it's something you enjoy doing.and it's all because of this. fifty seconds. one world ends, another begins.how can it not be given a ten? i wonder at those who give this a seven or an eight... exactly how could the first film ever made be better? for the record, the long, still opening shot is great showmanship, a superb innovation, perfectly suited to the situation. and the dog on the bike is a lovely touch. all this within fifty seconds.the word genius is often overused.this is genius.

this one-minute film is arguably the first movie ever made. other inventors had previously filmed actions - like edison's motion photography of a sneeze - but the lumiere brothers developed equipment that tremendously advanced the medium. at the time, of course, their `cinematograph' must have bewildered their peers, including their subjects. in this first instance, the brothers record employees leaving their factory, some of whom understandably struggle to hide their awareness of the camera. the lumieres attempt to make the film more entertaining by introducing animals and a bicycle, but `la sortie des usines lumiere' doesn't nearly match the ingenuity of their later films. the most interesting aspect of this short film is the brothers' selection of a familiar working class ritual as their subject. their choice is the initial evidence of their curiosity about all of the world's people, a quality that makes viewing their experiments immensely rewarding and fascinating today.rating: 8

on the 28th of december, 1895, in the grand café in paris, film history was writing itself while louis lumière showed his short films, all single shots, to a paying audience. 'la sortie des usines lumière' was the first film to be played and i wish i was there, not only to see the film, but also the reactions of the audience.we start with closed doors of the lumière factory. apparently, since the image seems a photograph, people thought they were just going to see a slide show, not something they were hoping for. but then the doors open and people are streaming out, heading home. first a lot of women, then some men, and one man on a bike with a big dog. when they are all out the doors close again.whether this is the first film or not (some say 'l'arrivée d'un train à la ciotat' was the first film lumière recorded), it is an impressive piece of early cinema. being bored by this is close to impossible for multiple reasons. one simple reason: it is only fifty seconds long. but also for people who normally only like the special effect films there must be something interesting here; you don't get to see historical things like this every day.

all films made before 1912 really need to be viewed with a sense of time and place.in 1894, the lumiere-family men [father: antoine (1840-1911), sons: auguste and louis] owned and managed a factory that manufactured photographic plates and paper. not a small enterprise; the factory had more than 200 employees who received pension and social security benefits - innovative for that time. it was located at montplaisir in the suburbs of lyon, france. what caused louis lumiere to become interested in building a cinematagraph, in 1894, remains open for speculation. my suggestion is that the appearance of the edison organization's kinetoscope (peep-show machine), in paris during the fall of 1894, provided the catalyst.w.k.l. dickson, of edison's staff, invented a motion-picture camera about the size of an upright piano that was patented in february 1893. it was electrically operated (using power from from heavy storage batteries. this massive machine pumped celluloid film strip (newly developed by the eastman company) past a lens at about 40 frames-per-second (fps). it was ensconced, as an almost immovable object, in the "black maria" (essentially the first movie studio.) the kinetescope machines showed staged presentations (less than one-minute long)that were filmed in this studio.during 1894, louis lumiere applied himself to the task of inventing a moving-picture camera. he had determined that, even at 16 fps on celluloid film, the persistence-of-vision of the human eye/brain would allow for normal motion to be perceived. his camera, dubbed the cinematograph, was about the size of a large shoe box and was provided with a detachable film magazine that provided storage for enough film to make a shoot last about one minute when it was had cranked past the lens at 16 fps.the size and light weight, of the camera (it could be converted into a printer or a projector by the addition of a light source) made it portable enough that it could be taken to any location to record an event (provided there was enough sunlight available.) in the spring of 1895, louis filmed: trick-riding by some cavalry men; a house on fire with firemen arriving and dousing the engulfed building with water; and a number of other scenes in and around lyon. using a molteni bulb, he turned the camera into a projector and presented his films to scientists assembled in the reception room of the revue generales des science. the images were projected on a screen five-meters distant from the lens. the screen was stretched in a doorway between two rooms. at a meeting of professional photographers, that same year, louis photographed the arriving delegates and the same evening showed them motion pictures of their arrival.with accolades from both the scientific and photographic communities, louis decided to have a public exhibition of his invention by the end of the year. since each of his films would be about one-minute long, he would need at least a dozen films to make a good presentation. for one of these films he set up his camera at the entrance to his factory, photographing the egress of employees at quitting-time.the public venue chosen by antoine - who offered himself as the "fairground barker" for the cinematograph - was the salon indien of the grand cafe on the boulevard des capucines in paris. it was a wintry saturday night on 28 december, 1895. as the first audience sat, they were presented with a projected view of the exterior of the lumiere factory (with closed gates.) some were chagrined that they were just going to see a routine slide show of lumiere photographs. but then the crank on the camera/projector was turned and movement began. louis had an innate sense for motion picture taking. this film has a beginning, a middle and an end. in the beginning, the doors are opened and people begin to leave their workplace; during the middle, the people stream out - with many trying to ignore the camera, and the cameraman, as they seem to be happy to leave a day of labor behind them. at the end, the gates to the factory are being closed.and this was the first film projected for the entertainment of the general public.

this is a very entertaining flick, considering the budget and its length. the storyline is hardly ever touched on in the movie world so it also brought a sense of novelty. the acting was great (p'z to dom) and the cinematography was also very well done. i recommend this movie for anyone who's into thrillers, it will not disappoint you!

i had the pleasure of seeing this film at the rhode island international film festival and was very impressed. tess nanavati is clearly a great screenwriter and i would love to see more of her films. if she could do what she did with the budget of this film, i'm very anxious to see what she can do with a major picture. kudos to the cast for their terrific performances (that little girl was gold), and to whoever composed the music. the warped "row your boat" blew me away. very creative film all around....i really hope to see it come out on video or dvd because i'd buy it in a second. if you get the chance, you should definitely see this film.

maybe i identify with this film cause i live in nyc and suffer from bad insomnia but whatever it is, i must praise the filmmaker on a most amazing job. to do what she did with no budget...wow, thats all i can say. really, really good. like no money was spent on this film and it still blew me away. i definitley suggest checking it out if you can. great directing, fantastic score and of course a script that will knock you on your arse. see it.

i had no idea what this film was about or even knew that it existed until about 1 month ago when i stumbled upon when i was searching for other films that stared dominic monaghan. i thought this film was a strange insight into the mind of a none sleeper and what his/her mind may be going through in the hours that they spend awake when the rest of the world around them is asleep,it was an interesting film and a good part was played by dom.......i believe that even though this film you cannot buy anywhere (well i've never seen it anywhere) you must see it if you ever get the chance because it will really make you think about those people around us that cannot sleep and have to suffer night after night of not been able to sleep or only get about 1 hour of sleep every night so overall it was an interesting film of good substance.

i'll come clean. the only reason i even found out about this dvd was because dominic monaghan is a favorite actor of mine. when i heard the title of the film, i thought it was going to be...different, perhaps in not such a good way.but i was wrong. after reading what few reviews were out there about this short, i was actually excited about seeing it. i sent off for my copy as soon as able and received it a few weeks later. needless to say, i was not disappointed.the film follows jack, a insomniac who is often plagued by conditions which causes him to doubt what is reality, and what is all in his head. i won't give away what happens, but i will tell you that the film can sometimes be frightening in it's realism.the directing is fantastic, focusing on what is essential to the story without allowing it to lose any entertainment or thought-provoking moments.all in all, i give this great film 9 out of 10, for going far beyond what i thought any short could achieve.

i first saw this movie at a festival. there were many good movies, but few kept me thinking about it long after, and an insomniac's nightmare was definitely one of them. tess is definitely a gifted filmmaker. the shots were great. casting was perfect. dominic shined in his role that she perfectly crafted. there wasn't a lot to know about his character, but she wrote the story in such a way that we cared about him. and ellen-- i can't wait to see where she ends up! she's showing a lot of talent and i hope she does a few more films. with all the million dollar budgets trying to get a cheap thrill, tess shows that it's all not needing as long as there is a good story and actors. kudos to everyone involved with this film. and thanks to tess and co. for distributing it on dvd!

this is an almost action-less film following jack, an insomniac, as he goes through hallucinations, is visited by dead friends, throws himself off a building, and, for a lot of the time, can't tell reality from hallucination.dominic monaghan, as jack, is truly believable. confused, and scared but lethargic and, at times blankly accepting of what he sees, we follow him trying to sort out what he's seeing and find a way to sleep.introduce a talking dog (another hallucination) and children that suddenly appear in jack's bathroom and bedroom without any explanation as to how they got there (more hallucination) and you have an interesting, mind boggling, 43 minutes and the shower scene is enough to get any dom fan coming back for more.

an insomniac's nightmare is the story of a man's plunge into insanity. having chronic insomnia, jack is plagued by hallucinations; causing him to try and determine what is real and what isn't.we find out interesting things about jack near the end, and think that by the time the movie is over we will have a "happily ever after" hollywood ending. wrong. this is new york city, the place where nobody sleeps.tess nanavati (writer and director) has herself a good film in 'an insomniac's nightmare'. a talented filmmaker and writer (she made this film right after her high school graduation), she has real potential and will be one to watch in the upcoming future.as i watched this short film i was constantly uncomfortable; between the music, bleak scenery, and realistic portrayal of an insomniac by dominic monaghan (as jack), i desperately wanted to turn this off at times just to escape from it.

this movie draws you in and gets you hooked on keeping your eyes on the screen. the writer/director is brilliant with the narrative parts and the use of creative and interesting camera angles and perspectives which all add to the gripping hold it will have on you. insomniac's nightmare is original and refreshingly different from any other movie you have seen. is it a dream or reality? this indie will have you discussing the twists and turns it takes through the conscious and subconscious. it has an eery feel with it's dark interpretations of illusions. dominic monaghan really became the insomniac. he is a great actor who is not hard on the eyes either! he really poured his whole being into this role. from the storyline to the way it is shot makes this indie one of my favorites. i recommend it highly and eagerly await to see more from this innovative, creative writer/director/cinematographer!!!

surprisingly well done for an independent film, an insomniac's nightmare paints a startling picture of what it would be like to suffer from insomnia. wonderfully well written, and directed, it creates the atmosphere of a dream as the viewer is taken through one night in the life of an insomniac.starring dominic monaghan as jack, we get to see everything he sees as the long hours of a lonely night drag on. the narration is almost hypnotizing, and from the opening lines, it is impossible to turn away. fascinating and slightly disturbing, it shows how someone copes with a lack of sleep, balancing on the brink between sanity and madness.with twists and turns around every corner, an insomniac's nightmare is provocative and engaging. it comes very highly recommended.

this is one of the first independent movies i've ever seen. for such a very low budget, it was done well; as an insomniac myself, i can sympathize with the main character, although my sleeping problems have never been as intense or as disturbing. well directed, well acted, of a subject that i haven't seen much in theaters, lighting and set both perfect for the movie setting. there are few noticeable goofs, but they may be intended; you'll see after you watch the movie. the movie is very personal, and worth watching twice. no movie is flawless, but a hollywood version couldn't do the story better. all in all, 8/10.

i have seen this movie a while back, after ordering it for my friend, who is a big dominic monaghan fan. the movie itself was very interesting, though it had its positive points, which for me was the donnie darko kind of "wtf?" factor after the movie had ended.of course, with positive also come negative points. to me, the young girl in the film was incredibly good, and dominic monaghan did a good job as well. unfortunately i don't have this opinion about daniel burke, who played lonnie. this might just be me, and i'm not claiming to be a serious critic, in the way that i don't find myself skilled enough, but he just didn't seem convincing as an actor. but perhaps it's even more striking then, for although i am not a critic, this does get my attention.to conclude, over all i think it's definitely a film worth watching. it's interesting, confusing, and you just should have seen it.

i saw insomniac's nightmare not to long ago for the first time and i have to say, i really found it to be quite good. if you are a fan of dominic monaghan you will love it. the hole movie takes place inside his mind -or does it? the acting from everyone else is a little rushed and shaky and some of the scenes could be cut down but it works out in the end. the extras on the dvd are just as great as the film, if not greater for those dom fans. it has tons of candid moments from the set, outtakes and a great interview with the director. anyone who has gone through making an independent film will love to watch tess (the director), dom and everyone else on the very small close personal set try to bang out this little trippy creepy film. it was pretty enjoyable and i'm glad to have it in my collection.

an insomniac's nightmare was an incredibly interesting, well-made film. i loved the way it just throws you into the main character's subconscious without coddling the viewer...the acting was top notch - honestly, i would watch dominic monaghan read the phone book! - but everyone else, especially the young girl, was great as well. i was very impressed by the look of the film, too. usually, "independent films" have a grainy, i-shot-this-on-my-camcorder look to them, but this director knows what she's doing. the lighting, the cinematography...quality work. i'm looking forward to a feature-length work from tess nanavati!

i didn't know what to except so i think it was a lot better not having excepted much. don't get my wrong its not a bad short film. tess nanavati is a relatively new directer and writer so i think she deserves a lot of kudos for making this film. you can tell that it has been an act of love for her. the acting (outside of dominic) is a little cheesy and the quality of film is not great either but for a really low budget film its good. there was times when the story line gets convoluted and there are parts that drag on, though i don't feel it greatly detracts for one's ability to understand the film. if you love dominic monaghan as much as i do, i say go for it. the gag reel was fun, i won't spoil it but there is a particular scene that makes buying the dvd worth it just so you can watch it over and over. if you like the film then check out the pink mirror, a film also done by jagged edge. i know fans of dominic will enjoy this little piece of heaven.

this film is one of the best shorts i've ever seen - and as i make it a point to be at all the major film festivals, i've seen a lot, especially of what the industry considers "the best." i'm not a fan of monaghan. his acting generally tends to be overdone and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance being in lost, so i generally try to avoid his films. i did, however, happen to see this at a film festival a few years back and was completely awed. this director really knows what she's doing. of course, you are going to get the trolls (or just ignorant people) who don't understand what constitutes a good film and rip on low budget work because they have no idea what went into it. but luckily, from what i've seen, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem.let's not deny that the film was working on no budget, and that a couple of the supporting actors could still use work, because that's certainly true. the production value is very low, but what can you expect for a first real film from someone still in high school? pretend for a moment that the budget doesn't matter. if you take away a bit of the acting, the sound quality (which actually wasn't the fault of the filmmaker; i saw this at a festival and the sound was fine...i guarantee whoever made the dvd itself screwed up), and the fact it was shot on mini-dv, then what are you left with? the story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which are indisputably flawless.nanavati can tell a story. that much is clear. she can write substance-heavy, engaging scripts better than most people in hollywood, create a shot list that perfectly compliments that story, and bring it to life in a fascinating, creative way that, were this higher budget, might have won awards. give it more experienced actors, better sound post-production, and 35mm instead of mini-dv and even the trolls couldn't complain. this girl is incredible, and keeping in mind that insomniac was made a good few years ago, she's done some amazing work since. the trailer for dreams of an angel shows that, and i can't wait to see the higher budget stuff she's done. 9/10 stars, this is one hell of a movie from one hell of a filmmaker.

i rated this a ten just because i find it so impressive what a single eighteen year old can do with a video camera. it's no epic but it's plenty engaging and i was never bored. if tens of millions of dollars can go into the countless bad films that are poured out en masse, then give this director the same amount of money and see what happens. i know i'll be lining up at the local cinema for her first major release. damn good job, and well worth the money. what a script! it might be low budget but it beats the hell out of half the major pictures i've seen lately. nanavati knows how to tell a story, both in writing and on screen. serious kudos to her, can't wait to see more.

this film, as low budget as it may be, is one of the best psychological thrillers i've ever seen. if you accept that it's low budget from the start, you can appreciate just how good of a story it is, how very well written the script is, and how great the filmmaker was to produce something so wonderful with so little money.all the elements of a great film are here. the visuals, though shot on digital, were gorgeous in places. the bizarre, dreamy feel of the film is captured particularly well in the scene with the talking dog, that scene was just amazing. it's such a trippy piece of work, but not done in a pretentious way, and because of that i have a whole lot of respect for this film. it comes highly recommended to anyone looking for something unique and captivating, and different from much of the repetitive films that are out there.

i came across an insomniac's nightmare while looking for offbeat independent films, and glad to say it did not disappoint. this crazy half hour ride had me wondering all the way through, and the ending was excellent - one of those nooooo moments that really stays with you. i've shown it to a number of people and everyone seems to agree hands down. the little ghostie girl was very talented and i think her performance stole the show. she creeped the heck out of me, i can say that much. nanavati did a great job putting this short together. all the pieces just fell into place and you can tell that she's a great writer from what she did with this script. so well written. it's undoubtedly the strongest part of the film. the directing was great and the acting was enjoyable, but the most important factor here is the strength of the screenplay. good job to this girl, i can't wait to see more!

i must say that i had wanted to see this film for a long time, and i was not disappointed. the acting of dominic monaghan is simply fantastic. as a part insomniac myself, i can relate with how the story develops. i have never experienced anything of the sort but some awake moments overlap the sleeping and it can be scary. it was a great film, worth every penny. i hope that one day i can work with tess myself, it would be an honor and beyond. i can recommend it for everybody. maybe not small children as they may get scared. but if you are an insomniac like me, you'll understand the world, the mysteries and the fear. you'll love it. f.

have to be honest and say that i haven't seen many independent films, but i thought this one was very well done. the direction and cinematography were engaging without becoming a distraction. the angles, settings, and lighting used successfully created the nightmarish world in which the main character was trapped. many haunting and memorable images from the film stick in your mind long after it's over (always a sign of a good director).

the cat and mouse are involved in the usual chases when jerry dives into a bottle of invisible ink and discovers that it makes him vanish. instead of seizing the opportunity to go spy on a girl mouse changing room or something, he uses his new-found invisibility to torment tom. and it's pretty funny and quite inventive despite being a somewhat one-joke cartoon. and the action never leaves the interior of the house, which is usually the trait of below average t&j shorts. still worth a 7/10.however, i'm not sure how an invisible mouse can cast a shadow on the wall, it defies physics and the very nature of being invisible itself.

"the invisible mouse" is a delightful and different tom & jerry's cartoon. it features the usual cat/mouse chases and battles, but in a different way this time. jerry accidentally falls in a bottle of invisible ink and is obviously very glad about this because he realizes that he can prepare lots of "surprises" for tom, scare him, torment him and confuse him.as much as it is weird, it's also very cool and funny to see what we can't see: jerry invisible. it's amusing to see things lifting up in the air without seeing who's doing it (we know who, right?) - it's like those things had a life of their own or even almost like a matter of ghosts. it's equally amusing to see jerry eating some candies and fruits while he's invisible. i really like that instrumental music which plays when he's not visible.some of the best jokes on this short are when tom sees jerry's shadow and slams him and even when tom tries to slam him with a frying pan and jerry writes "missed me". i also like when jerry drinks tom's chocolate milk, becoming visible again and with a happy look on his face.overall, this short has the basic ingredients needed for a classic cartoon: humor, entertainment, fun and some nice artwork too.

the usual cat and mouse antics abound until jerry jumps into a bottle of invisible ink. he gets the bright idea of torturing tom without him knowing. the cat gets wise and tries to do stuff to make him 'see' jerry even if it's not fool-proof. of course jerry gets butch aka killer aka spike the dog into the act (even if it's late in the short, and his contribution is minimal indeed) brilliant animated short which kind of reminded me of the one with the white mouse who scares tom so badly. most of the gags work and all violent as any good tom and jerry short should truly be. this hilarious cartoon can be found on disc one of the spotlight collection dvd of "tom & jerry" my grade: b+

after the usual chase scene, jerry accidentally winds up inside a bottle of invisible ink, which was part of a chemistry set. he quickly discovers he's invisible...so the predictable results occur, meaning he uses his new hidden condition to torment tom. jerry often is just defending himself, but often he has sadistic streak in him that torments the cat whenever possible, even when unprovoked.here, he makes tom think his eyes are deceiving him when cheese from a mousetrap disappears before his eyes, or milk from a dish. tom can't take anymore so he tries to sleep this nightmare off, but jerry sets fire to his paw! man, i hope little kids didn't ideas watching these cartoons back in the '40s and '50s! i always found jerry, the little mouse, more evil than cute.thankfully, in cartoons, generally, whatever damage a character suffers is gone within seconds and he's back to normal. the best part of this cartoon is about two-thirds of the way through when tom figures out what the story is with jerry, and tries different methods to detect where the mouse is located (such as putting flour on the floor to see his footprints).

after several extremely well ratings to the point of superb, i was extremely pleased with the film. the film was dark, moving, the anger, the pain, the guilt and a very extremely convincing demon.i had initially expected to see many special effects, and like a lover's caress, it blew me away with the subtlety and the rightness of it. brian, i am again blown away with your artistry with the telling of the story and your care of the special effects. you will go a long way, my friend. i will definitely be the president of your fan club.eric etebari, the best actor award, was the number one choice. you made jr. lopez look like a child compared to kasadya. :) overall, the acting, story line, the high quality filming and awesome effects, it was fantastic. i just wish it were longer. i am looking forward to the dreamless with extremely high expectations.

when you typically watch a short film your always afraid that the person creating the film tries to throw too much into it. that's not the case with this one. a great story about a young girl who's had enough and other worldly forces trying to help make things right.eric etebari does a wonderful job of representing the spirit of twisted justice and helps to convey the complexities of the blurred line of right and wrong.both the young girl and the father give great performances in this wonderful short film, but eric's performance is definitely the show stealer in this story.i definitely recommend this film for it's complexity, performance, and great over all story.

i got to see this just this last friday at the los angeles film festival at laemlee's on beverly. this movie got the most applause of all the films that evening. considering that two music videos opened first, i didn't know what to expect since they were very fast and attention grabbing, i wasn't sure i was ready for a short immediately. but to my surprise i really enjoyed this. i thought the main actor demon guy was really good. i was so impressed with his performance that i checked out his name. i was surprised to see that this was the witchblade guy. he's gotten really good especially since then! either that or he was given lousy roles or had been pushed by the director really hard for this short. the girl did an okay job. i guess its hard since it was her first performance and being so young. the dad did well also. there was a lot of really nice cg work for a short, both for this and the short playing next "mexican hat" which was also nice, but i enjoyed this the most because it had the most depth and emotion and i actually cared about the characters. the other was a very simple story. the story was quite illustrative and dark! it dealt with real topics using a more fantasy like approach to keep add people like me interested. we won't even talk about the last film in the block which i left. my only complaint is that i only wish i had seen more of the demon character and a little less of getting started, which is why i gave it a 9 out of 10. i also thought the end credits went a little slowly. otherwise it was beautifully told, directed and edited. the timing was very nice with a complete change from the fast mtv editing done on everything nowadays. there will be more coming from this director in the future as well as the actor. i now will think of him as the sorrows lost actor not the witchblade guy.

what do i say about such an absolutely beautiful film? i saw this at the atlanta, georgia dragoncon considering that this is my main town. i am very much a sci-fi aficionado and enjoy action type films. i happened to be up all night and was about ready to call it a day when i noticed this film playing in the morning. this is not a sci-fi nor action film of any sort. let me just start out by saying that i am not a fan of witchblade nor of eric etebari, having watched a few episodes(his performance in that seemed stale and robotic). but he managed to really win me over in this performance. i mean really win me over. having seen cellular, i did not think there was much in the way of acting for this guy. but his performance as kasadya was simply amazing. he was exceedingly convincing as the evil demon. but there was so much in depth detail to this character it absolutely amazed me. i later looked it up online and found that eric won the best actor award which is well deserved considering its the best of his career and gained my respect. now i keep reading about the fx of this and production of this project and let me just say that i did not pay attention to them (sorry brian). they were very nicely done but i was even more impressed with the story - which i think was even more his goal(seeing films like godzilla with huge effects just really turned me off). i could not sleep after this film thinking it over and over again in my head. the situation of an abusive family is never an easy one. i showed the trailer to my friend online and she almost cried because it affected her so having lived with abuse. this is one film that i think about constantly and would highly recommend.

after reading several comments, i felt i had to add in my two cents as well. "sorrow lost" is one of the most memorable shorts i think i have ever seen. i had gotten the chance to see this at the new york independent film festival. i felt that this movie was incredibly beautiful and emotional. the story was beautifully complex - especially for such a short amount of time. the story is focused on a young girl who is victimized by her abusive father. she is soon given the choice to "stop" him by a demon played by "witchblade's eric etebari." having watched the show, i was amazingly impressed with how he played such unique and different character. i never knew he could act so well! his character was deeply complex and he was very persuasive. the acting was absolutely superb by him. the girl's was okay and the father's was decent. there is also death in this who follows the girl around until she is able to escape from her future. the effects and cinematography were absolutely mind blowing. i wonder if they had at least a hundred thousand budget for this. it is rare you get to see such a high quality short. the opening was absolutely breathtaking comparable with any major feature film. this isn't to say that it's not without its flaws - i thought it took a little to get going and the intro was a little long. but this stuck in my head days after watching it. there are very few shorts with this level of quality.

i managed to see this at the new york international film festival in november 2005 with my boyfriend. we were both quite impressed with the complexity of the plot and found it to be emotionally moving. it was very well directed with strong imagery. the visual effects were amazing - especially for a short. it had an original fantasy approach to a very real and serious topic: this film is about a young girl who is visited by a demon offering to help her situation with her abusive father. there is also a surprise twist at the end which caught me off guard. this leans towards the gothic feel. i would love to see this as a full feature film. -- carrie

this is a visual adaptation of manga with very little dialogue. what dialogue there is appears in word baloons as it would in the manga. the plot of this is existent but only vaguely accounted for. there is an issue of the manga on which this is based available in english in the blast books collection, 'comics underground japan', and it has actual captioned dialogue that explains the plot a bit more than here. i recommend checking that volume out if you liked this, as it explains some of the "plot" of the movie, which is otherwise inexplicable. animation wise this is pretty decent, good unintrusive use of computers and the images are for the most part realized well. it jumps in and out of episodes, as the characters, a cat and his brain-dead older sister cat wander in and out of a series of odd images: a boat, a circus, a desert. for a mere half hour they go through a number of semi-plots and settings, which leads me to believe that the director chose a number of issues of the long-running manga to adapt at random, but primarilly selected visually. knowing what's going on might somewhat increase appreciation. this reminds me mostly of the kind of stuff they used to play on the mtv show, cartoon sushi, in particular a short that features a cat chasing a man's severed butt-cheek around the house. only in this case the cats resemble hello kitty more and their adventure is expanded to include death and reincarnation and a number of other themes [though not all that easy to tell what's going on]. the dvd of this has director's commentary and a "making of" features, but i cant comment on those because i didnt get around to them. i'm giving this a 8/10 for now, here isnt much to compare it to in anime, and i hope for more like this.

japanese animators have a unique freedom with animation, which is why they tend to be able to come out with movies like these, movies that ultimately end up on anime-fans hard-drives and college student's floors, but get completely ignored by pretty much anybody outside of its country of origin. cat soup is one of those films that, from western eyes, is supposed to be experienced on drugs or deeply analyzed. really, it's just a beautifully detailed surrealist journey.there's no real dialog, which makes it easy to pass on to other interested parties uninterested in things like subtitles. a cat and his half-dead (brain-dead?) sister travel through various landscapes of imagination and association. there's a general theme of water, or lack thereof (possibly because of the cat drowning at the beginning? possibly because of the title?). there's an interesting sort of genesis take. there's a pig that gets to eat itself. an elephant made of water. and it's gorgeous, compelling, exciting, and fun--provided you don't watch it around druggies who cannot experience anything visually unique without comparing it to an acid trip. eventually the movie turns itself off, adding another compelling self-reflexive level to the proceedings.--polarisdib

i really loved it although while reading the reviews it was quite disturbing to me..but as an anime art fan i can totally understand this perfect art work even though some of it was against my cultures and believes..but hey,it's the world of art..!! the beginning of the film is very strong,strange and confusing.it's hard to understand the contents which make me respect the one who made it.only someone who is extremely opened can do such daring film..it's absolutely not for kids..even though the characters are cute and adorable but they go through some disturbing adventures that cannot be erased(sorry if the spelling is wrong)from ones memory..

cat soup has two "hello kitty"-type kittens embarking on a bizarre trip through the afterlife, where anything can happen, and does. this mind-tripping asian short uses no dialog, substituting word balloons instead. there is no way of describing this demented cartoon except to tell you to see it for yourself. and make sure no one under 10 is in the room. dismemberment and cannibalism and cruelty and savagery and sudden death and callous disregard for others are common themes. honest. perhaps the most memorable image is that of an elephant composed of water that the kitties swim through and in, and also ride. but like practically everything else in this film, that silly, picaresque interlude soon comes to a horrible end.

cat soup at first seems to be a very random animated film. the best way i've been able to explain it is that it's quite acidic. though it's not totally random. the story is about nyatta, a young cat boy and his sister nyaako. nyaako is very ill and dies, however, nyatta sees her soul being taken away by death and is able to retrieve half of it. the story is about their quest to bring nyaako fully back to life.though a lot of the content in this movie seems completely random, it is not. most of it is symbolism for life, death and rebirth. you can also see references from other tales, such as hansel and gretal. this strangely cute short film has an interesting story, packed with a deeper meaning than what you see on the surface of the screen.

short, but long enough, cat soup is a very wild trip to watch. one day, i was just searching though my on-demand list through the anime section and came across it, and decided to watch it. i spent the whole time basically sitting with my jaw agape. the whole time i was either vacant of thought, or had a fleeting one which screamed "turn it off!!!". but i didn't. and actually, i'm glad i did.the animation is stunning. very artistic, odd and dark. i personally loved it for the amazing animation, but the seemingly vacant story behind it is equally compelling for myself.a young boy--well, cat--goes in search of his sister's soul. in the first part she's lying sick in bed, and is soon paid by a visit from a sort of grim reaper. her soul is split in half. one is regained by the cat boy while the other half is lost.then the rest of the film is slightly lost to me, honestly. i expect they go back, and their world is... perhaps slowly falling apart? maybe her absence of soul is the answer behind this, for the rest of the film contains various stages of which the world's in. first there's a giant flood, and next it dries up into a bleak desert, and then everything freezes (thanks to either what is god or fate, as you will see). then i believe they find the sister's soul in the form of an orange flower. after that, the whole world disappears. haha, totally didn't get that, but it sends shivers down my spine each time.despite it's seemingly random scenes, i'm sure there's a deeper message behind it if you watch it enough and do some research. personally, i love trippy stuff like this, and would love to spend time doing that just to understand it. but to some people it's probably not their cup of tea. it comes off as highly disturbing, so if you like your straight forward anime, this is not a film for you. if you have an open mind however, i highly recommend this movie.

a young cat tries to steal back his brothers soul from death but only gets half of it and then has to go adventuring to get the other half... or maybe not. frankly i'm not sure what happens in this film which is full of very strange, very surreal images some of which parents might find disturbing, (ie.the cats slicing off part of a pig who is traveling with them and the frying it like bacon which all three eat).this is a very strange film that some have likened to hello kitty on acid, i think its more like hello kitty as done by dali. (certainly this is more alive than destino which was directly based on his work).if your up for a very off beat film that will challenge your perceptions of things then see this movie. just be ready for some very strange images that will be burned into your memory forever.

wow. a truly fantastic 'trip' movie that has tons of super-surreal imagery, dark intent and a black, pretty strange sense of how cartoon animals must see the world. it's populated with a very cute off-world bunch of characters that bend and flow with warped backgrounds.as with all cool fantasy, the wandering plot is secondary to the eye-popping visuals and we follow a little cat and his zombie sister as they encounter death, deluge, water elephants, samurai swordsmen and pigs that fish. i'd never heard of it, but now i love it - probably because it reminded me of the surreal pencil-work of american cartoonist; bill plympton. it's a demented delight for fans of odd, pretty things and it had me glued to the screen for fear i'd miss something amazing. simply put, it's 'hello kitty' without the 'o'.

best animated movie ever made. this film explores not only the vast world of modern animation with absolutely boggling effects, but the branches of the human mind, soul, and philosophy. the story features a family of cats, where in the big sister dies, the younger brother sees this and rescues her body, but when she awakens she is left without a soul. so, the two sibling cats embark on a journey to find it. i have related this journey to many things. the history of the world, the bible, the cycle of life, and every time i watch it i discover more and more hidden themes and metaphors. if you aren't so into the physiological aspect of it then, you will still adore it. the animation is superb, and the creative scenes will have you attached to the screen. for example, the ocean freezing in time, god eating soup out of the earth, a strange and slightly snm retelling of hansel and gretel. to conclude, cat soup is an absolute treat for anyone.ps- not for kids, gratuitous violence included.

cat soup is a short anime based on the legendary manga nekojiru. it won the award "best short film" at the 6th fantasia film festival and also won the "excellence prize" at japan's media arts festival.when little kitten nyaako's soul is stolen by death, she and her brother nyatta embark on a bizarre journey to get it back. in the surreal dreamscape of the other side, they encounter many fantastic characters and remarkable, often disturbing adventures.cat soup is an anime like nothing you've ever seen. it's hello kitty on acid! it is very original, stunningly beautiful and possess a great sense of strangeness and lyricism. cat soup is very surrealistic (there are no dialogue) and sometimes cruel and gory. so it is more an anime for adults than children (they may not understand at all!). a great journey for those who get the chance to see this absolute masterpiece. an must-see!

when i saw this movie a few days ago, my eyes were completely fixed to the screen. its greatness held my attention to such an extent that i focused all of my attention on it for its entire duration. i would recommend seeing it not just to fans of anime, but to anyone who likes great movies period (or who likes really weird stuff). the style of art is beautiful, the sound is perfect, and the symbolism within it is breathtaking. i've heard complaints about the weird insertion of english text in the movie, but i think the way its done is complementary to the strange style of the movie. the self-attributed description of "hello kitty on acid" doesn't do justice to this film of absolutely epic proportions. i'd like to find more works by whoever made this, and see them.

first of all, this movie is 34 minutes long, which means you could watch it three times in a row and still have spent less time than you would have watching most other movies. second of all--you need to do this. this sensational short film explores the potential of animation through a world of playful or horrifying but always powerful images. cats riding in and drinking out of a water elephant, a circus featuring a bird that has consumed the sky, and pigs eating their own fried flesh--that's only the beginning. the scenes and images, extraordinary on their own, flow together without obvious causal links in a way that demands re-watching. furthermore, the dvd includes an amazing director's commentary, which, given the extremely spare dialog, only enhances the viewing. the commentary gives a few interpretations of scenes, but also provides priceless quotes on the crafting of cat soup, along the lines of: "well, the artists were asking what we should do in this scene, but i didn't know myself, so its hard to say why it turned out as it did" (that's a bad paraphrase by the way). also, the sound throughout the film is very high quality, very precise, and very moody. in all, the absolute minimum viewing experience should go as follows:first viewing: watch the dvd without the commentary. second viewing: watch the dvd with the commentary. third viewing: rewatch without the commentary.once you've watched it three times, however, you're not going to stop there...

as a low budget enterprise in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the dvds themselves, we perhaps shouldn't expect too much from broken in disc form. and yet what's most remarkable about this whole achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to shame a james cameron dvd and a decidedly fine presentation.with regards to the latter, the only major flaw is that broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. otherwise we get the film in its original 1.85:1 ratio, demonstrating no technical flaws and looking pretty much as should be expected. indeed, given ferrari's hands on approach in putting this disc together you can pretty much guarantee such a fact.the same is also true of the soundtrack. here we are offered both dd2.0 and dd5.1 mixes and whilst i'm uncertain as to which should be deemed the "original", the fact that ferrari had an involvement in both means neither should be considered as inferior. indeed, though the dd5.1 may offer a more atmosphere viewing experience owing to the manner in which it utilises the score, both are equally fine and free of technical flaws.as for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them. take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you'll notice numerous commentaries, loads of featurettes and various galleries. indeed, given the manner in which everything has been broken down into minute chunks rather than compiled into a lengthy documentary, there really is little to discuss. the 'anatomy of a stunt' featurette, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same goes for the rest of pieces. as such we get coverage on pretty much ever aspect of broken's pre-production, production and post-production. and whilst it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible overall 'making of', in this manner we do get easy access to whatever special feature we may wish to view.of the various pieces, then, it is perhaps only the commentaries which need any kind of discussion. then again, there's also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks. the one involving the actors is overly jokey and doesn't take the film too seriously. ferrari's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. and the technical ones are, well, extremely technical. of course, we also get some crossover with what's been covered elsewhere on the discs, but at only 19 minutes none of these pieces outstay their welcome. indeed, all in all, a fine extras package.

an independent feature can now be seen as both a work of film art and a video resume. enter broken, and aggressively promoted, twenty minute short with style and enthusiams to spare. but is it any good as a film, or does it only work as a demo piece? ah, there in lies the rub.broken is the story of bonnie clayton who is abducted after awakening from a reoccurring nightmare one night by "a sadistic stranger and his colorful entourage" (quote from the video box). as she's held captive, it becomes obvious that her abductors know things about her that even she didn't know about herself. while they question her, a black-clad soldier guns his way into their hideout in an attempt to rescue her. mayhem ensues.fortunately for us, director alex ferrari seems to know what he's doing, or at least he's very good at faking it. broken does not suffer from any lack of visual flair, which is especially commendable considering its budget and the inexperience of all involved. what it does suffer from is weak and kind of derivative writing. think long kiss goodnight meets the matrix, written ten minutes after reading fight club. the good news for ferrari and producer/writer jorge rodriguez is that the story elements are easily ignored for the oodles of eye candy on display. does the plot really matter that much in a twenty minute short meant to show off the technical skills of its creators? no, not really.though it would be unfair of me to overlook any negative aspects in light of the films budget and length. broken is no genre classic. the biggest problem was that it actually would have worked better as a full-length feature. the final "twist" doesn't get enough build up time to be shocking. if ferrari were allowed the time to slow burn the feature as needed, plot elements would seem less random, and the film more complete. here's to knowing he's getting the chance.audio broken's dolby digital 5.1 presentation is second to none in the indie world. i've never heard such aggressive surround from such a small feature. the matrix inspired soundtrack is very rich and deep, gunshots have punch, and even the dialogue gets in on the surround effects. of everything presented on this disc, it is the audio that speaks the praise for modern independent dvd production. also included is an equally impressive dolby 2.0 surround track, which is the menu default.extras there are literally hours of making of features to be found on this disc. there are so many extras, in fact, that i find it unrealistic to list and describe each of them here, while still expecting my readers to continue reading. whatever shortcomings the actual short may have, the dvd is unprecedented in its informational resources. people who enjoyed the film can learn all there is to know about its production, including everything from the conceptual art to the promotional campaign. those with plans to make an indie film of their own can learn just about everything they need to know from these features.the extras are broken down into categorical menus. these include: pre-production, production, post-production, after the short, and cast and crew bios. from a critical standpoint, i found that some of the sections were quite short. had they been edited into one featurette per menu option, they would've been less frustrating to navigate, as the curser defaults to the top selection with every return to the main section menu. this is, of course, just nitpicking, but perhaps for future dvd releases the filmmakers will take my advice to heart.it has six audio commentaries and hours of interview footage and talented people, and despite the consonant salesmanship, their true colours do shine through.the willingness to share their film-making secrets with anyone who picks up this dvd is quite generous. from the extras i learned what editing and effects software is most reliable and effective, what brand of camera creates the most professional look for the lowest price, even where to get cheap air soft weaponry. on top of this, i was given several alternate options, in case i found myself unable to locate any products used on this particular production. wannabe filmmakers unwilling to read a book on the subject would do well to watch this dvd.overall i've scored the actual short as a 6 out of 10, but wish there was an option for feature length potential and effort, because i'd have scored it an 8 or 9 in these fields. i recommend the dvd for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with a mere eight thousand american dollars. those who purchase the dvd can think of themselves as ghost producers for a larger project, as the more attention these guys get, the more funding the feature-length version will get.

in my line of work, i occasionally get contacted by independent filmmakers who are trying to publicize their film. when i can, i take a look at these low-budget films and often they make me think that the future of hollywood is going to the dogs. once in a while, though, there is a film that is born of pure passion and desire, as if created for the purpose of reminding the film industry that good movies are still possible. the short film b r o k e n, directed by alex ferrari, is a genuine surprise and worth a second look.clocking in at a scant 20 minutes, b r o k e n tries to tell a compelling (but surreal) story with almost no back story. the audience is plopped down in the middle of the action with no clue as to what is happening. a young woman (samantha jane polay) awakens from a dream to hear a gunshot and is subsequently abducted from her home. when she awakes, she is surrounded by a group of mercenary thugs that look like they would be at home in a comic book. these nasty guys and girls are larger than life. they are all guns and knives. there is no way out.the kicker here is that, despite being a low budget film it doesn't play like one. from the very beginning, the feeling is that b r o k e n has been shot, edited, and produced by professionals. it looks like something quentin tarantino might have done on his day off when he was jamming with the wachowski brothers. the film is sharp and cool, it looks good and it feels like something big.the acting is much better than i usually see in these smaller films. polay and paul gordon (who plays the head killer, duncan) were well chosen. as two of the few speaking roles in the film, it is up to them to carry the film. no special effects, no matter how good, would have saved this film from bad acting. thankfully, polay manages to convey true fear and gordon manages to come off as a real psycho. some of the more limited roles seem to be filled by lesser talent, but it hardly shows.the downside to b r o k e n is that it's only 20 minutes long. the story ends with a twilight zone twist that seems a bit contrived and is hardly subtle. watching it, i felt like i was supposed to have some epiphany, but there was only a feeling that it was much more mundane than i had hoped it would be. the film tries hard to be one of those puzzles that leaves audiences talking for hours at the local coffee shop, but it comes off as unsatisfying. i keep thinking that this is the first 20 minutes of a longer film.my rating: 8 out of 10.

as a low budget enterprise in which the filmmakers themselves are manufacturing and distributing the dvds themselves, we perhaps shouldn't expect too much from broken in disc form. and yet what's most remarkable about this whole achievement is the fact that this release comes with enough extras to shame a james cameron dvd and a decidedly fine presentation.with regards to the latter, the only major flaw is that broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. otherwise we get the film in its original 1.85:1 ratio, demonstrating no technical flaws and looking pretty much as should be expected. indeed, given ferrari's hands on approach in putting this disc together you can pretty much guarantee such a fact.the same is also true of the soundtrack. here we are offered both dd2.0 and dd5.1 mixes and whilst i'm uncertain as to which should be deemed the "original", the fact that ferrari had an involvement in both means neither should be considered as inferior. indeed, though the dd5.1 may offer a more atmosphere viewing experience owing to the manner in which it utilizes the score, both are equally fine and free of technical flaws.as for extras the disc is positively overwhelmed by them. take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you'll notice numerous commentaries, loads of featurettes and various galleries. indeed, given the manner in which everything has been broken down into minute chunks rather than compiled into a lengthy documentary, there really is little to discuss. the 'anatomy of a stunt' featurette, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same goes for the rest of pieces. as such we get coverage on pretty much ever aspect of broken's pre-production, production and post-production. and whilst it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible overall 'making of', in this manner we do get easy access to whatever special feature we may wish to view.of the various pieces, then, it is perhaps only the commentaries which need any kind of discussion. then again, there's also a predictable air to each of the chat tracks. the one involving the actors is overly jokey and doesn't take the film too seriously. ferrari's pieces are incredibly enthusiastic about the whole thing. and the technical ones are, well, extremely technical. of course, we also get some crossover with what's been covered elsewhere on the discs, but at only 19 minutes none of these pieces outstay their welcome. indeed, all in all, a fine extras package.

the young lady's name is bonnie (polay). she's attractive, is apparently living a pretty decent life, but all of a sudden is inexplicably snatched from her home and life by evil dude and the various and sundry evil henchmen. now she has no idea what the hell is going on, only that a bunch of armed-to-the-teeth people apparently want her dead...and she's going to die not even knowing why.god, i hear the whining all the time. now that content is so cheap to produce and people can create their own movies/books/comics/internal organs, there's going to be nobody to ensure that there's a standard of quality! we're going to be drowning in crap! the only people who actually think this are people who haven't watched any movies or read any books recently-- because we're already doing a dead man's float in crap. it's folks like ferrari and rodriguez who put the lie to these ignorant so-and-sos by throwing $8k on the table and making...well, what i would say is a better action flick than anything you've seen in cinemas this year...but you haven't seen any action flicks in the cinema this year. i've seen the box office. you're staying away in droves. you would do better to snag a copy of this, spend twenty minutes being entertained, and get on with your lives.it's sheer entertainment. you enter, like bonnie, with a lot of questions and where the whole thing ends up is nebulous. the whole conceit has been done before in multiple ways but not in such a compressed amount of time and not without such concentrated tasty gunplay. you're there for the atmosphere, the mystery, and the guns. that's it--that's all the filmmakers promise, and they deliver.it warms the black pits of my heart to think this was made on such a budget. we get passed a goodly number of indie films around here, but seldom do we see anything as polished as this short is, and we've never seen one done in the action genre that looked this good. hell, you could hand these two guys mi: 3 and it might draw me into watch it. the bond franchise. hell, anything. no, in fact, better yet: i'd like to see these guys make a feature on their own and stay the hell away from hollywood. whatever's out there killing the movie industry is no doubt infectious.best indie we've seen in a while and the most effective indie calling card we've ever seen. the dvd's $20 and has bonus features out the ass. go take your movie ticket budget and put it towards this instead.

believe it or not, at 12 minutes, this film (for 1912) is a full-length film. very, very few films were longer than that back then, but that is definitely not what sets this odd little film apart from the rest! no, what's different is that all the actors (with the exception of one frog) are bugs...yes, bugs! this simple little domestic comedy could have looked much like productions starring the likes of chaplin, laurel and hardy or max linder but instead this russian production uses bugs (or, i think, models that looked just like bugs). chaplin and laurel and hardy were yet to be discovered and i assume linder was busy, so perhaps that's why they used bugs! using stop-motion, the bugs moved and danced and fought amazingly well--and a heck of a lot more realistically than king kong 21 years later! the film starts with mr. beetle sneaking off for a good time. he goes to a bawdy club while his wife supposedly waits at home. but, unfortunately for mr. beetle, he is caught on camera by a local film buff. plus, he doesn't know it but mrs. beetle is also carrying on with a bohemian grasshopper painter. of course, there's a lot more to this domestic comedy than this, but the plot is age-old and very entertaining for adults and kids alike.weird but also very amazing and watchable.

this is one of the best animated movies i've ever seen in my life. this isn't just a fun movie, or a well-made movie. this is a landmark in the art of animation and even if it weren't, just the technical skill that went into making it, would grant it a place in the history of animation.wladyslaw starewicz created a stop-motion movie about the secret life of beetles. he imagined a coherent world of insects, with jobs, houses, nightclubs, movie houses, even little props like posters and bicycles and paintings.in this movie he tells a simple tale of hypocrisy and revenge. mr. beetle has an affair with a dancing dragonfly, much to the chagrin of a grasshopper; but he's a cameraman and decides to shoot the fling. mr. beetle returns home and finds mrs. beetle having her own affair. mr. beetle chases the lover away but forgives his wife. the two make up and go out to the movies. and the movie they watch is mr. beetle and the dragonfly. described thus it sounds banal, but once seen it becomes a gripping work of cinema. along with emile cohl and jiri trnka, wladyslaw starewicz pretty much invented everything that future animators would use in their work. for that reason he must not remain forgotten.

this short is a puzzlement. words fail me here, as this is almost indescribable, technically exceptional after more than 90 years (the visuals are remarkable and even occasionally amazing), this is not something you watch if you like things that are mundane or "normal'-because it most certainly is not either. this be an odd one, gang. well worth checking out, but if things like ren and stimpy make your head hurt, you may want to skip this. recommended.

an absurdly hilarious and strikingly human tale of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a beetle marriage, russian animation pioneer wladyslaw starewicz's "mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("the cameraman's revenge", or "the revenge of a kinematograph cameraman") is a delight of early animation, brimming with highly-effective stop-motion puppetry and no shortage of imagination.mr. and mrs. beetle have a completely uneventful marriage, and both yearn for more excitement in their lives. mr. beetle's desires can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer at the "gay dragonfly" night club, whom he visits whenever he takes a "business trip" to the city. she is the only one who understands him. a fellow admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that mr. beetle has stolen his lady and, as fate would have it, he is also a movie cameraman. the devious grasshopper follows mr. beetle and his acquaintance to a hotel room, where he films their exploits through the keyhole.meanwhile, mrs. beetle has, likewise, acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. he is an artist, and he brings her a painting for a present, before they both settle down on the couch for some intimacy. at that moment, however, mr. beetle returns home and witnesses the entire spectacle. as mr. beetle bashes through the front door, the artist friend clambers up the chimney, but he doesn't escape without mr. beetle first venting his anger and frustration upon him.there is a certain irony in the statement that follows: "mr. beetle is generous. he forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." he is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he had been equally unfaithful just minutes earlier. at this point in time, however, we still haven't forgotten the jealous movie cameraman who had been plotting his revenge, and it is no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist for the film mr. and mrs. beetle are attending. suddenly intercut into the film they are enjoying is the footage of mr. beetle's disloyalty, and the angry wife hits him across the head with an umbrella, before the frightened and angry husband dives through the theatre screen in search of the grasshopper.in the final scene, both mr. and mrs. beetle, now somewhat more appreciative of each other, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when mr. beetle sought his final revenge. we do, indeed, hope that "the home life of the beetles will be less exciting in the future…" this film may appear to be a mere story of the comings-and-goings of a miniscule insect species, but starewicz is communicating so much more than that. this isn't a story about beetles – it is a story about us. and it's startlingly accurate, isn't it?!

the cameraman's revenge is an unusual short not because of the subject matter (adultery) or because it's animated (winsor mccay had introduced little nemo on film by this time) but because it depicts bugs to tell the story! ladislaw starewicz had originally wanted to film actual bugs fighting but couldn't get them to do it on camera because of the hot lights they suffered through so he took dead ones and started using stop-motion techniques to manipulate movements to his satisfaction. this short does a good job of putting human characteristics on little creatures such as riding motorcycles, painting, filming, kissing, and dancing. starewicz would also make frogland (1922) and the mascot (1933) but his first notable work would be this one. if you're interested in this and the other shorts mentioned, check your local library to borrow the dvd the cameraman't revenge and other fantastic tales from image entertainment.

ladislas starewicz's curiosity with insects and cinema melds into a short film about a love triangle between mr. beetle, an artistic grasshopper, and mrs. beetle. the rather simple story of an adulterous beetle couple that both seek stimulation outside their marriage is similar to a biograph or vitagraph short of the time. starewicz's twist on the story is to use embalmed beetles with wires straightening the legs in frame-by-frame animation. the story builds as mr. beetle is unknowingly caught on camera with a dragonfly from the local nightclub by a jealous grasshopper. when mr. beetle comes home to find his wife in the arms of her artistic friend, he chases her around angrily, but eventually forgives her and takes her out to see a movie. however, mrs. beetle soon learns of her husband's infidelities as the movie they watch is the jealous grasshopper's footage of mr. beetle and the dragonfly together. mrs. beetle thrashes mr. beetle with her umbrella, mr. beetle jumps through the screen, and they both end up in jail after the projector they wreck catches on fire. the insects are placed in humanized settings such as a house or a nightclub, and are given human characteristics of jealousy, anger, lust, and revenge. the insect characters carry briefcases, drive motorcars, and even wear shoes yet they also twitch their antennae and open and close their mandibles as real insects would. the novelty of the story doesn't wear itself out, even after multiple viewings, but as fluid as the movements are, the film moves slowly. action happens with intricate detail, but rapidity and a quicker pace of filming is lost in the process. despite its pace, the film is an excellent example of starewicz's early puppetry and is highly recommended.

for animation buffs it's a must, but even general audiences will enjoy the cameraman's revenge, a very early example of 'pixilation' by the hard-working pioneer wladyslaw starewicz. starewicz and his helpers painstakingly manipulated a cast of flexible insect figures to tell this story, paving the way for the likes of willis o'brien, george pal, ray harryhausen, and legions of modern digital effect creators.the cameraman's revenge is only about 10 minutes long, but packs in lots of amusing detail as the story follows the amorous adventures of two beetles from their home to a nightclub, a hotel, a cinema, and, eventually, a prison cell. there are two brief dance numbers at the nightclub (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a scuffle between a beetle and a grasshopper, and a large-scale donnybrook at the cinema, which ends with the projector bursting into flames. pretty elaborate goings-on for 1912, when even john bray and winsor maccay were just getting started, and walt disney was still in grade school!it's interesting to note, too, what an impact the alteration of a silent movie's title cards can have on the story being told. i've seen two versions of this film offered by two video companies, and watched them back-to-back, and although the image content itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (and the plot outline someone provided above tells yet a third story, which suggests that there's another version out there somewhere.) the british film institute's print, which has rhyming intertitles, tells the story of two sibling beetles, each secretly married, who hide this information from one another in order to inherit their late father's fortune. the other, russian print, tells a simpler story of married beetles who are each guilty of infidelity. in the russian version mr. beetle visits his girlfriend at the "gay dragonfly" nightclub, while in the english version brother bill beetle visits his wife at the music-hall. personally, i prefer the straightforward-- and spicier --russian story; the bfi version tries to cram too much plot into what should be a simple tale, and some of the rhymes are a bit awkward.still, in any rendition, the cameraman's revenge is a delightful film, and would make an ideal lead-in to that other great animated work which features beetles, yellow submarine.

this film has special effects which for it's time are very impressive. some if it is easily explainable with the scenes played backwards but the overlay of moving images on an object on film is surprisingly well done given that this film was made more than 94 years ago.

i recently found a copy for $5 at a video store, and snapped it up eagerly. while the music and (obviously) graphics aren't up to the standards of my favorite of the series, beyond the mind's eye, i am still entranced by one segment:stanley and stella in "breaking the ice". the music is brilliant, and the emotions feel real. the clip on odyssey's website doesn't have the story nor the music, unfortunately.

when this first came out, my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- it was so different from anything we had seen before. i was looking for a specific movie last night, and i found "the mind's eye" again. the box is falling apart, and i am surprised that the tape still works! although it is not 'finding nemo' quality graphics, it is still very good. they should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. highly recommended!this is what it is:"the mind's eye" is a spectacular odyssey through time. your journey begins at the dawn of creation and moves through the rise of man and technology. travel in the world of abstraction and on into the future with breathtaking computer animation imagery."the mind's eye" joins the imaginations of over 300 of the world's most talented computer animation artists with a powerful, original music soundtrack. this unique collaboration takes you on an incredible voyage into "the mind's eye."

when this first came out, my dad brought it home- we were amazed by it- it was so different from anything we had seen before. i was looking for a specific movie last night, and i found 'the mind's eye' again. the box is falling apart, and i am surprised that the tape still works! although it is not 'finding nemo' quality graphics, it is still very good. they should sell this again- it is a landmark for computer animation imagery. highly recommended!

as a kid, i loved computer animation although it was extremely limited and the tools were almost nonexistent. this movie, as i sat in awe and watched the amazing images and almost-hypnotic music, shaped the desire in me to create moving things in the computer. this is a whole-package deal, between the music and the video, that really packs a one-two punch. if you know any child that wants to get involved in computer animation, this is a must have. i still, almost 20 years later, rate this movie as one of my top 3 favorites. the originality, i think, is still unsurpassed by most of today's mcmovies that hollywood spits out. i am currently wanting to see if i can re-make it on my own; if imitation is the sincerest form of flattery then this movie deserves a ton of imitation =)

these things have been floating around in my head for damn near 10 years now. some pieces of this work were really memorable. - id love to see another more current example of cg showy offy stuff. actually i'd love to be part of it.if i'd would of had the chance to just say what i wanted and thats it, i wouldn't have to write all this extra in order to make "10 lines if text" as this website requires. i mean really? this almost discourages me, i mean luckily for the guys that made the movie i really liked the minds eye - and it took me 3 times to have enough lines, i hope you don't get me on the misspelling. - yup you did.

this has to be the all time best computer animation classic. even though most of the animations where experiments. they have an artistic quality that has stood the test of time. twelve years after it's release, i have gone back to watch this video and found some inspiration for new types of computer graphics. some of the techniques used in this video have never been full explored.

i probably saw this movie first in about 1995. since then i've returned to it many times. it's great! i especially like the first and second clips, "creation" and "civilization rising." wow! this was so cool back in the glory days of cg animation. cg is way older than i am, as i know the film "tron" was made 7 years before my time. but this film was a landmark in the early '90s. it was probably the first collaboration of different cg experiments set to music. i like it so much, i think i'll go watch it now. bye

this is an "odysessy through time" via computer animation, supposedly th work of over 300 artists. made in the late '80s and released in 1990, this was cutting edge stuff for the day. i thought it was good and quite interesting in spots.most of the short scenes made no sense, just forms evolving into other forms, but that was fun to watch. this is all about visuals, not really about any kind of a story. there were some strange sequences in which odd-looking men- creatures would dance around with birds overheard. all of it is computer animated which was new back then. even the term "computer animated" was not well-known.it's simply a chance to show off this new technology in short bits of cartoon-like happenings with beautiful colors and imaginative scenes. no words, just pictures with electronic music. stoners must have really loved this.it's a nice, intriguing 40 minutes of "eye candy" and "head candy." by today's cg effects this may have lost impact, but i think you'd still be entertained by this.

i used this film in a religion class i was teaching. the golden fish is swimming happily in his bowl in an upper floor apartment. a young boy and his mother are away from home. the boy has been given money to buy milk. on the way home, he stops at carnival to play a game. next to him stands a man in a black suit looking a little scary. the boy drops the bottle of milk. it breaks. the man in the black suit gives him money to replace the milk. this scene alternates with what is happening at home. a black cat climbs the fire escape and enters the apartment. he(?) discovers the fish bowl and watches it. the fish swims energetically and flips out of the bowl. by now, a bunch of teenagers in my class and i have fallen in love with the fish. the cat takes the fish in his mouth and we all hold our breath. the cat drops the fish into the bowl. the double story line includes the suspicious man in black and the suspicious black cat. both inspire prejudice. both are innocent. it was a great discussion starter in my class.

i saw this film while at birmingham southern college in 1975, when it was shown in combination with the red balloon. both films are similar in their dream-like quality. the bulk of the film entails a fish swimming happily in his bowl while his new owner, a little boy, is away at school. a cat enters the room where the fish and his bowl are, and begins to warily stalk his "prey." the boy begins his walk home from school, and the viewer wonders whether he will arrive in time to save his fish friend. the fish becomes agitated by the cat's presence, and finally jumps out of the bowl! the cat quickly walks over to the fish, gently picks him up with his paws, and returns him to his bowl. the boy returns happily to his fish, none the wiser.the ending is amazing in both its irony and its technical complexity. it is hard to imagine how the director could've pulled the technical feat back in 1959 -- it seems more a trick for 2003.if you can find it, watch it -- you won't be disappointed! and if you *do* find it, let me know so i can get a copy, too!

i remember seeing this in a the salem movie theater (where i used to attend "kiddie matinée"s almost every saturday) in dayton, ohio when i was a young boy and have never forgotten it. it simply amazed me and my friends. i do wish there were some way i could see it again! i have tried to find some compilation of shorts or something like that to no avail. i only recently discovered that it was a cousteau film and that blew my mind even more. how the heck he accomplished this is beyond my understanding. the fish is actually in the cat's mouth at one point, if i remember correctly! if anyone could help me find a way to see it again i would be extremely grateful!

tis is a farly typical tom and jerry short-a situation is designed, conflict arises and mayhem ensues. the characters behave in appropriate ways, the natural tensions between various characters leads to general chaos. the best (and funniest) part is when the peace treaty is in force and respected-all sorts of strange wonders appear before your eyes. a word of warning-it is most unwise to allow tom to help you perform your morning cleansing routine! highly recommended.

without being one of my favorites, this is good for being a change of pace... even if only for a few minutes.it all starts with a big fight between tom, jerry and spike (who is renamed "butch" here). they're all beating each other, but suddenly spike makes a heroic and admirable decision: he stops the fight and suggests that they all should be friends. so, all of them sign a peace treaty and become friends... which isn't going to last for long.meanwhile, the three become affectionate, patient and kind to each other. they even save each other when one of them is in danger of life. the relationship goes nothing but excellent, until a very big steak appears and they all become greedy. the three are guilty to return to their usual fights and rivalries.but still... to see tom, jerry and spike as friends is truly a delightful and grateful experience, even if only for a while.oh, by the way, as a curious fact, two songs from "the wizard of oz" are played here in instrumental versions: "we're off to see the wizard" and "somewhere over the rainbow".

tom the cat, jerry the mouse, and spike the dog (here called butch, his third name, his second being 'killer') decide to sign a peace treaty to all love each other. it's weird and a bit unnatural seeing them all buddy buddy like this and their friend's seem to think so too. but by the end thanks to a disagreement over a steak, everything is back to normal and all is how it should be. this short is the second one of three on the new spotlight dvd to be edited and i have no clue why this one was. this cartoon can be found on disc one of the spotlight collection dvd of "tom & jerry" my grade: b

this film seems to be well remembered as the time tom & jerry signed a peace treaty. things are idyllic for a time but, predictably, it goes sour. probably the most memorable moment was the endless fight involving a pipe, a frying pan, and a baseball bat that the two plus butch the dog engage in at the beginning and end of the short. i enjoyed one a bunch and you should try to catch it on cartoon network.

butch the peacemaker? evidently. after the violent beginning with spike, tom and jerry all swinging away at each other, butch calls a halt and wants to know why. it's a good question."cats can get along with dogs, can't they?" he asks tom, who nods his head in agreement. "mice can get along with cats, right?" jerry nods "no," and then sees that isn't the right answer.they go inside and butch draws up a "peace treaty" (complete with professional artwork!). most of the rest, and the bulk of the cartoon, is the three of them being extremely nice to one another what a refreshing change-of-pace. i found it fun to watch. i can a million of these cartoons in which every beats each other over the head.anyway, you knew the peace wasn't going to last. a big piece of steak spells the death of the "peace treaty" but en route it was nice change and still had some of usual tom & jerry clever humor.

metro-goldwyn-mayer is a very lost player in the short cartoon market. this market is essentially dominated by the looney tunes and the merry melodies shorts, coming from warner bros. but mgm is also able of releasing hidden gems, like "to spring", an astonishing story about the most beautiful season of the year.in the environment depicted here, spring isn't caused by natural cycles, but is fabricated. and by who? by little male elves who live below ground. each spring, when the snow begins to melt, they start working. they begin by felling rainbow rock columns, then reducing them to rubble and using this rubble to turn it into color fluids, which will be moved up to the ground and bearing grass, flowers... in other words, spring! the first half of the cartoon depicts spring's fabrication, but the second part is a little bit different. old man winter comes back and he tries to extend winter by destroying the elves' work. so from this point, we assist to a battle between the elves and old man winter.the music heard here is deliciously wonderful. the melodic parts stick in the head like an ink spot on a paper sheet. the second part melodies are thrilling and they perfectly fit with the action. this is just fantastico, giorgio! the animation sequences are also a delight. the colors are well mixed and every little detail is shown into a massive, epic environment. the concept itself is brilliant. the elves are attracting characters, so is old man winter, who effectively portrays the cold and ruthless feelings of the white season.there's also a strong message included here. the battle seems lost for the elves at the end, until a single late arriving elf jump into the action and it leads to the elves' victory over winter. so the point is: only one single person can make the difference.in conclusion, "to spring" is a remarkable lost classic from short cartoon era. what is even more remarkable is that this cartoon's director made his debut here. and who is "to spring"'s director? it's a certain william hanna...

this cartoon is short on plot, but is a visually stunning piece of work. there will be very, very minor spoilers: this short has a "story" that's incredibly slight-gnomes underground are responsible for the return of spring each year, yet must contend with a winter not yet ready to withdraw. both the gnomes and the storm have their own songs. that's pretty much the plot, such as it is. but this cartoon isn't about the plot-it's about the color and animation. the visuals are exceptional. back in 1936, such bright color was still something of a novelty and there's some incredibly inspired work here.my favorite moments of the short surround the movement of the liquefied colors through pipes. at more than one point, there are a series of pipes aligned in a row, from the shortest to the tallest and the colors move through the pipes and the musical track makes it seem as though the row is a pipe organ.the visuals of the battle between the emerging greenery and the winter storm which refuses to leave quietly are exceedingly well executed. these types of shorts were things which hugh harman and rudolf ising are noted for, but they probably also helped lead to their ultimate departure from mgm, because this cartoon probably went over budget and mgm finally decided that they could control costs better if the animation department were managed by someone a little more conscious of cost than harman and ising were.this is truly a beautiful cartoon and is well worth seeing. it's available on the dvd attack of the '30s characters. recommended, particularly if you like good animation.

i used to love watching this. i had no idea it was part of a larger series. i must have been 6 or so at the time it was on tv. i just thought it was funny and for some reason i had a deep fascination for something that was clear that was in the president's pile of bathtub toys. my parents had taped this off of tv when it originally aired on nbc. the tape even had the old sanka coffee commercial along with a few others. i'm planning on returning home sometime soon and will try to record the tape onto my computer so that those who want a copy can do so. if anyone of you would like to contact me, i think you can do that through the imdb site feel free. i will keep you updated and let you know when i have the show in a digital format.

i was pretty young when this came out in the us, but i recorded it from tv and watched it over and over again until i had the whole thing memorized. to this day i still catch myself quoting it. the show itself was hilarious and had many famous characters, from frank sinatra, to sylvester stallone, to mr. t. the voices were great, and sounded just like the characters they were portraying. the puppets were also well done, although a little creepy. i was surprised to find out just recently that it was written by rob grant and doug naylor of red dwarf, a show that i also enjoy very much. like another person had written in a comment earlier, i too was robbed of this great show by a "friend" who borrowed it and never returned it. i sure wish there was enough demand for this show to warrant a dvd release, but i don't think enough people have heard of it. oh well, maybe i'll try e-bay...

it was in 1988, when i saw "the ronnie and nancy show" for the first time (on austrian television). at that time, i was already a very big fan of spitting image (since when it won the bronze rose of the montreux film festival in 1986). of course i recorded every show on tape and watched it again and again - especially "the ronnie and nancy show". i remember that scene when ronnie stood in front of a painting of abraham lincoln (thinking it was a mirror) and said to himself "i need a shave". or most amusing of all, when he played ball with his dog - but vice-versa!it's such a shame, that spitting image seems to fall into oblivion; it was one of the most fantastic and most intelligent made tv-shows ever. compared to other satirical broadcasts it was definitely the best of all. well, almost 20 years have passed since then, and i wish i could see the show again. is it possible to purchase it from someone... somewhere?

this academy award winning short film can rank among the greatest of the genre. told completely without dialogue, it is a visual treat about a young boy who buys a gold fish, lovingly places him in a bowl then goes off to school, leaving the gold fish unprotected and a window carelessly open. after a while, a neighboring orange tabby comes poking around, comes in through the window and heads slowly for the bowl. the fish apparently knows something is going on and becomes very excited. as the cat comes very near to the bowl, the fish jumps out. the cat catches the fish, drops him back in the bowl and exits through the window he came in just as the boy, not knowing what has happened, gets back. this was amazingly filmed with real animals; how cousteau got these animals to behave in this manner is remarkable. i only wish this film were available now for people to see; i only saw it once, in 1959 when it was originally released, but it has remained unforgettable.

splendid film that in just eight minutes displays an unusual genre mix: mystery, thriller, musical. briefly, we are allowed to tell about the story: a girl comes into a european cafeteria and then... soft transit from nonsense mystery to narrative logic. in a no time, no place way vigalondo managed a delight in b/w by means of imagination and despite (thanks to) the tightest of budgets.because of the unity of time-space the film reaches the intensity of a short poem (almost a haiku). spain, land of quick poetry in b/w (¿remember the early buñuel?).a must see for reassuring our belief in young cinema outside the states.

good film. tells a boyish fantasy story, telling us how trapped we are in social situations and what kind of extreme measures one has to take to behave differently. or at least the feeling: that you have to break every rule if you are to break one. if you wanted to express love for someone you don't know, how would you do it without creating a pressing social situation? also it's about the fascism of deciding over others cultural life, of what kind of culture that is jammed down our throats. what gives disney or fox or the suicide bomber the right to decide what is our choice. are one not allowed to drink the morning coffee by one self. do we have to listen to the nrj shouting, see the stupid tabloid headlines and the street commercials before we even have had our morning coffee?

a woman, mujar (marta belengur) enters a restaurant one morning at &:35 unaware that a terrorist has kidnapped the people in said restaurant & is making them act out a musical number in this strange yet fascinating short film, which i only saw by finding it on the dvd of the director/writer's equally fascinating "timecrimes". it had a fairly catchy song & it somehow brought a smile to my face despite the somber overall plot to the short. i'm glad that i stumbled across it (wasn't aware it would be an extra when i rented the dvd) and wouldn't hesitate at all to recommend it to all of my friends.my grade: a-

this 2004 oscar nominee is a very short b/w film in spanish. a young woman goes into a café, gets a coffee, and notices a couple of musicians standing silently with their instruments. all the patrons are motionless, like mannequins. one guy, however, is quite jolly and breaks into a song about what goes on at 7:35 in the morning. there is one surprising moment after another until the end which is quite, well, surprising. the people, the place, everything looks quite ordinary. and like the musical piece "bolero", the thing keeps building until the climax. with its structure, theme,movement and wit,it is an 8 minute masterpiece.

if you're amused by straight-faced goings-on that are logical within a given illogical situation, you'll enjoy this whimsical 8-minute spanish film.a woman enters a small café. the scene looks ordinary, but the counterman, customers, and two musicians seem somehow oddly subdued.suddenly, the musicians play and one man begins to sing the title song , dancing across table tops with musical-comedy gestures. the customers, at first immobile, at intervals chime in (badly but gamely) with phrases from the song, read from slips of paper in their palms. on and off they jump up and dance (awkwardly but earnestly) in choreographed motions, like backup singers.but why??? the woman wonders. the answer is revealed as the soloist's jacket opens and she sees what's strapped across his chest -- just before the explosive climax...even if you don't catch the song's (probably ironical) lyrics, the situation-perfect performances should give you a grin and a chuckle... i'd love to see it again!

with a minimal budget, a running time of eight minutes and a great amount of imagination, nacho vigalondo has achieved one of the most moving shorts i've ever seen. the subtlety of the screenplay is really remarkable, since it doesn't give the ending away until the very last moment.don't let anybody tell you what the short is about, since you'll be able to enjoy it a lot more. nacho vigalondo is the discovery of the year for his one-man show: directing, writing and acting in this formidable short is the most remarkable effort i've seen in years. also pay attention to the performance of marta belenguer, her reaction shots are incredible.overall rating: 8/10

i was so glad i came across this short film. i'm always so disappointed that short films are hard to come across, so when i saw this and saw that it was nominated for the live action short film at the academy awards, i was so pleased that i actually had a film that i was rooting for.the plot is pretty simple, the director, writer, and star nacho vigalondo tried coming up with a reason people would suddenly break out into a song and dance number like they do in movie musicals. the result is extremely entertaining and the song is actually really catchy.it's a well made short film, well edited and the actors all do a great job. and the last shot of the film is perfect.i highly recommend this film.

more directors like nacho vigalondo need a greater outlet for their talents. 7:35 de la mañana is absolute genius. what nacho is able to convey in 8 minutes takes some hollywood directors hours of film to achieve. i watched this smiling, but feeling a little dirty and not in the sexual way. you sit and wonder how you should feel after watching this 8 min. nugget. i was entertained, but was disturbed at the same time. not many people can do that in just 8 minutes. it starts off simple enough. a young women comes in for breakfast at her usual place. she sits down and someone starts singing. from there, the film takes you through so many different emotions all at once it is hard to describe. it is in black & white, but this helps with the feeling the film gives you.this film makes you want to know more about the characters, how they interacted previously and how the ending impacted their lives afterward. i guess it like the old saying,"leave them wanting more", nacho vigalondo is able to do that. watch this when you can. show it to your friends and wonder how 8 minutes can be so much fun without taking off your clothes.

this is a masterpiece footage in b/w 35mm film. the film makes you see a strange way to begin the day at 7:35 am in a bar and how much things can happen there in 8 minutes.the short amazingly, gets you in a complex story using very little elements, and step to step makes you realize that something isn't totally right. it expresses a lot, makes your adrenalin go high with subtle details, and is incredibly understandable by anyone, not just the cinema critics experts.but i know how it sounds : european short, black and white and low budgeted. don't let that scare you. is really worth to see by anyone, not just experts in the genre.isn't really much more to tell, since the film just lasts 8 minutes (exactly), and i don't want to spoil it. but i just watched it online and i couldn't understand why no one spent a few minutes to post a comment about it.really worth watching it. 10/10.

generally, i am not a huge fan of stop-motion films and at first ruka didn't capture my attention. however, knowing that this film was made in the repressive czechoslovakia during the soviet-domination era, the more i watched the film, the more i realized just how subversive this innocent looking little film was. this subtext really made the film come to life and gives it real staying power as both a work of art and a political statement.the sad little film is done without any dialog, but it's pretty clear what is happening. a cute little wooden man is making a clay pot and having a lovely time when suddenly a meddling animated hand appears and destroys the pot--making it into a sculpture of a hand instead. well, the wooden man tries again and again to chase away the hand and do his own thing. however, over time the hand becomes more and more insistent and eventually cages the man. and, by the end, the man is dead thanks to the meddling hand and the hand, in a sign of real hypocrisy, gives the man a hero's funeral! as i said, this film is an obvious attempt by the brave jirí trnka to criticize his domineering government. not surprisingly, though czechs loved the film and gave it critical praise, the state (i.e., the hand) banned this little parable. sadly, trnka did not live to see his nation liberated a little more than two decades later during the co-called "velvet revolution".

my discovery of the cinema of jan svankmajer opened my eyes to a whole tradition of czech animation, of which jirí trnka was a pioneer. his ruka is one of the finest, most technically-impressive animated movies i've ever seen.a potter wakes up and waters his plant. then he goes about making a pot. but in comes the huge hand which crashes the pot and demands that the potter make a statue of itself. he casts the hand out, but soon it returns and imprisons him in a bird cage where he's forced to sculpt a stone hand. he sets about it, fainting from exhaustion, but eventually completes the task.in a marvellous sequence of metacinema, the potter uses a candle to burn his visible puppet strings, which keep him in thrall, and he escapes back home. he shuts himself in and is accidentally killed by his own beloved plant when it falls on his head.this movie doesn't hide the fact it's pure animation, unlike modern movies that strive to be realistic (why?). the hand, for instance, is clearly someone's hand in a glove. everything else is clay. strings are visible and are part of the narrative, making it a precursor of the movie strings. the atmosphere is eerie: that hand going after the little potter managed to instill more dread in me than many horror movies combined.the movie is obvious but it avoids being totally manipulative for its simplicity. it's a fable about artistic freedom and tyranny which can't help winning the heart and mind of anyone who holds freedom as a natural right.

i saw this film when i was a young child on television (thank-you canadian broadcasting corporation) and had nightmares about it for years afterwards.trnka was one of the mentors for bratislav pojar, one of canada's national film board's best animators. pojar was, in turn a mentor and collaborator for the great drouin. if you like trnka you should see "night angel".the symbolism is obvious, but deftly used. the oppositions of beauty and life (the plant) are placed in opposition with the anonymity of the gloved hand. the poor puppet hero is condemned despite a lack of political agenda.what i most remembered was the feeling of oppression in the decor. the small room where the action takes place is the character's entire world. the invasion by the hand is a complete violation of that world.beautiful and haunting film. i found a copy of this and other wonderful shorts by trnka at the public library and showed it to my own kids. a must see.

jiøí trnka made his last animated short an indictment of totalitarism, which caused him trouble in his native czechoslovakia. the elements are few, the symbolisms simple, and his trademark ornaments almost absent here, allowing the viewer to concentrate on the fable. a man in his room dedicates to pottery and to take care of his only plant. but suddenly a huge hand enters the room and orders him to make a statue of itself. the man refuses and he's persecuted by the ominous gloved hand. in these days, where the impression of reality factor seems to be erased from most animations that try to replace the real world, it is refreshing to watch a film, which makes its technique part of the enjoyment.

an absolutely brilliant film! jiri trnka, the master of puppet animation, confronts totalitarianism in this, his final, film. it would be banned by the communist czechoslovakian government (at the time), despite taking the country's highest animation award.in this dark and entertaining short film, an artist attempts to create a new pot for his favourite plant. he happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. all of a sudden, he here's a knock at the door, and in comes this giant omnipotent hand, that tries to force the artist to make statues in it's likeness. the artist resists as best he can, but he eventually becomes overwhelmed by the constant attempts, by the hand, to force him to conform. he becomes brainwashed; an intellectual zombie. at this point the hand attaches strings to the artist, puts him in a cage, and uses him to make hand statues. all the while glorifying the artist's work and awarding him with medals and honours.the artist's inner lust to be able to express himself freely is what helps him prevail over his indoctrination, and enables him escape his prison, whether it be literal or in his mind, and return to his home where he now must live in constant fear of the wrath of the omnipotent hand. he shuts himself in, thinking he is out of the reach of the almighty hand, but in the process he puts his plant and pot up high, hoping it is out of the reach of the hand, and it ends up falling on his head, killing him. the artist is inevitabally destroyed by his own creation. all because of the constant fear he had to live with once he escaped the hand's strings. once dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. unfortunately not in the circumstances or for the reasons that the artist would like to be remembered.trnka's condemnation of totalitarian society, and their lack of right for free expression is dark, damning and an amazingly animated. it is no wonder the government banned it as this is the sort of media that people admire, and would perhaps even listen to. that was obviously not acceptable. an amazing example of an artists civil disobedience and the impact it can have. and still quite relevant today for many parts of the world, from the us to the middle east. a must see and definite 10 out of 10! talk about going out with a bang!

considering the lack of art with in african cinema (or black american cinema). the idea offers a multidimensional look at a community assigned to hoods and dealers. but the funny thing is this is not at all the focus or even the subject of the short. but it is the unstated assertion of independence from these themes that is most sticking. the genre is unique and not the typical expectation. it is almost this departure which first catches the eye, so watching it twice is critical. the film has an aesthetic quality which lends its self to the true art of cinema.and it is this true art that with an african voice that is extremely rare. the film doesn't copy to attain its message, it innovates and provokes by pulling at subtle stereotypes (not racial but character based stereotypes), from a writers perspective the film is brilliant. it carries multiply messages which include a very rapid character development. it must be remember this film is less than 10 minutes and it manages to establish character very quickly. the usage of colour texture and music is also to be commended. but considering the director, owen alik shahadah's last venture 500 years later, music is to be expected. but from a theme point-of view it seems like the idea is a departure but the satire eludes indirectly to a social problem—brilliant stuff!

the idea ia a very short film with a lot of information. interesting, entertaining and leaves the viewer wanting more. the producer has produced a short film of excellent quality that cannot be compared to any other short film that i have seen. i have rated this film at the highest possible rating. i also recommend that it is shown to office managers and business people in any establishment. what comes out of it is the fact that people with ideas are never listened to, their voice is never heard. it is a lesson to be learned by any office that wants to go forward. i hope that the produced will produce a second part to this 'idea'. i look forward to viewing the sequence. once again congrats to halaqah media in producing a film of excellence and quality with a lesson in mind.

the idea is a very smart title the film has a serious tongue in cheek feel to it. but it is so subtle you don't know how to read it! are these guys doing a full blown comedy or is there something else going on. the little dialogue the film has isn't very delicate and this adds to the power of the film. if all the sound was switched off from the film it actually wouldn't take anything away from the film. the physical actions or the art of showing is so strong that it on its own carries the entirety of the story.i is a blessing and with the blessing the emotion is followed by shame. i first say this film as part of a "black" film festival. after watching the film i was so impressed by the work. but then i asked myself what next? where can someone else see this work? the common association of art without purpose isn't to be found here. you can see the intention in the design from the start to the finish. the usage of african music the style the casting everything seems planned and for a reason. the character development is amazing. the casting i think is the strongest aspect of the film; the characters are easily defined within 2 minutes of the 6 minutes of actual film.we need to see more of these kinds of films, there really needs to be greater support for the development of short films across the board.

this film provides us with an interesting reminder of how easy it is for so many to get caught up in the busy occupation of doing nothing. we as a people of african descent owe it to ourselves to make a change to this cycle of "all talk and no action" and start to realise in order to make a change, there needs to be less talk and more action. it is a powerful statement of the divisions of our people over small issues, and our failings to recognise the bigger picture and the need to unite in order to make a difference... despite its reference to the black community, all viewers can learn something from the message this film seeks to portray.

i saw this film with a special screening of the work of owen alik shahadah. it is so interesting where did this guy come from. now he is probably the key independent african filmmaker in the world. and i am not talking about black filmmakers i am talking about filmmakers who are rooted in culture. the idea if anything testifies to the diversity and range of african themes, with his film 500 years later it is a african issue. but the idea doesn't fit that mold. showing the artistic diversity. the film is an all african cast but the topic is a human topic which most of us could relate to. i just love the mild comedy in it. and the kora of tunde jegede is just amazing, it is really a art-house gem.

interesting way of looking at how we as humans so often behave we are sometimes blinded by our desire to achieve perfection that we some times destroy the foundation of what we are trying to achieve. it also addresses the issue how we tend to ignore those among us who are not as outspoken and by doing this may miss out on a great opportunity. the injection of comedy also makes watching the film an enjoyable experience..a must see for anyone who is interested in a reflective yet comical look at life. i am eagerly looking forward to your next product.hope that you will continue to provide us with quality entertainment. excellent work ......joanne

this film speaks a universal language; one can relate it to the self, community, society or the wider world. it has a way of not only opening up several questions but also setting one in pursuit of discovering and asking the right questions in order to get to that point of self conviction / ownership. the portrayal of the stereotypes within the film addresses the archetypes around us which must be recognised as being the repeating cycle of destruction, the opposing force of innovation, creativity and growth. the factors which disturb the natural flow of things must be made apparent and tackled. the idea, is definitely a film to be experienced and not just viewed as it taps into one's internal voice / conscience through the looking, it makes one feel as opposed to just watch.

this cute animated short features two comic icons - betty boop and henry.henry is the bald, slightly portly boy from the comics who never speaks.well here he does speak!he wants to get a puppy from betty boop's pet store, and when he is left to mind the store - some hilarious hijinks ensue.betty sings a song about pets, henry gets in a battle with birds and a monkey, but everything works out in the end.

perhaps in an attempt to find another "hot property" for adaptation, the brothers fleischer thought back to their highly successful foray into the world of the newspaper comic strip with their production of 1933's popeye the sailor (fleischer studios/paramount). although it was a part of the betty boop series, miss b. only made a brief appearance in the short; leaving the rest as a pilot episode for the possible emergence of a full blown series.as is now common knowledge, the gruff, squinty eyed, brawlin' seaman became perhaps the most successful cartoon series ever; outlasting and literally outliving the fleischers and their studio, lasting to this day.returning to king features for another try at luck was no doubt the reason for trying out the very popular henry comic strip character in a betty boop outing; objective being the seeking of another series. the reasoning then surely seemed sound. henry was a most popular feature in the hearst papers' line-up; appearing as both a daily and on sunday's color comics supplement, puck, the comics weekly. you know, "what fools these mortals be!" remember that one, schultz? in viewing the chubby, little, bald boy comic strip 'hero' and his on screen antics, both solo and in tandem with miss betty; we were pleasantly surprised in seeing just how well the character was handled. the story and director dave fleischer both afforded a plethora of comic strip-like situations and sight gags that seemed most appropriate for the character of little henry. these mostly silent vignettes were very important to the animated film in remaining faithful to the printed page; as the henry feature was mostly done in a sort of 4 color 'mime'.in the cartoon, titled betty boop with henry: the funniest living american (fleischer studios/paramount pictures corporation, 1935), we see what is; basically being a one situational exercise; being punctuated with the usual array of dave fleischer's rapid fire, machine gun-like gags. in short, henry spots a puppy in the window of betty boop's pet shop. it is a sort of love at first sight as henry attempts to purchase the little pup dog with the only money he had, to coins in his pocket. he is in formed by miss boop that it would be $2.00 in depression era money to make the purchase. tears appear as the little guy leaves dejectedly.but a reprieve is soon on the horizon as betty asks the boy to mind the store, while she leaves on urgent business. in return for his services, miss betty promises him the little dog in return. of course, they have a deal and betty leaves.getting to the work of cleaning cages and feeding the livestock affords the opportunity for the fleischer crew to fire up a whole new string of gags; this time featuring bird seed, henry's bald pate and push brooms. (but not all at once of course, schultz!) henry's enthusiasm for mass feeding of the store's avian population by first literally seeding his head soon leads to a mass defection of the birds; out of the store to the open street in a mass jail break.betty returns to this sight and expresses her disappointment and anger with henry's temporary custodial care. all bets were off, no doggie for henry. he begins to leave; dejectedly; but soon convinces the proprietress to give him another shot at fixing things up. his head covered with bird seed, he manages to corral all of the little feathered creatures; returning them to their pet store coop. happily, the little fella leaves; but this time he has his own affectionate, little, face licking puppy.undoubetly this was a winning combination. we have the carefree, energy filled, free wheeling of the boy, the kindness of betty and the emotions of the situation and doubtful outcome of the 'boy and his dog' situation. max and dave fleischer had given us a sort of almost minor mini-masterpiece of a surreal comedy short.we were quite surprised that no henry series followed. judging by the fairly faithful treatment of the character, it certainly could have been sustained for some time. at any rate, this teaming was in many ways the best of the betty boop try out pictures. although the first, popeye the sailor (fleischer/paramount, 1933), was the most successful (and barely had any betty boop in it, save for a cameo as a carnival hula dancer); the henry short was much better than the two following king features "tryouts", betty boop and the little king and betty boop and little jimmy, both 1936.poodle schnitz!!

an mgm miniature short subject.the editor of the cole county clarion must decide what is the real important news for his readers: an impending frost which may spell disaster to their crops, or the sensational shooting-down of a notorious gangster on their small town main street.this is an enjoyable little one-reeler, featuring a good performance by comic charles `chic' sale. today's viewers will perhaps be more interested in the appearance of uncredited james stewart, as sale's nephew/assistant. slow talking & somewhat goofy, stewart shows many of the attributes which would make him a huge star in a very short time.often overlooked or neglected today, the one and two-reel short subjects were useful to the studios as important training grounds for new or burgeoning talents, both in front & behind the camera. the dynamics for creating a successful short subject was completely different from that of a feature length film, something like writing a topnotch short story rather than a novel. economical to produce in terms of both budget & schedule and capable of portraying a wide range of material, short subjects were the perfect complement to the studios' feature films.

this is by far the funniest short made by the two comic geniuses. from the time they walk in, to the time hardy just falls off the roof, this keeps me laughing hysterically. i highly suggest that every fan of laurel and hardy should see this short. i also recommend all of the ghost series. if you are looking for laughs, see this movie and you will be happy.

some of my favorite laurel and hardy films have very, very little plot. instead, they give them a rather mundane situation and just let them be hilarious! films such as help mates and busy bodies are among the funniest as you see the boys working or cleaning house. here in dirty work, most of the film is akin to these other two films--stan and ollie are chimney sweeps and spend most of the film trying (quite unsuccessfully) to clean a crazy professor's chimney. seeing ollie fall through the chimney, the boys making the house a total mess and the insane behaviors of stanley all work together to make a very pleasing film.however, in an odd twist, there is also a really weird subplot that begins and ends the movie. it seems that the professor is truly a mad scientist and he is working on a formula to make things younger. late in the film, you see him make a duck into a duckling and even a duckling into an egg! given that he then leaves the boys alone in the room, is it any surprise what happens next? while this subplot was unnecessary, it worked well enough. what worked exceptionally well was the middle portion. give the boys nothing exciting to do and you'll be amazed at the hilarious results. one of the team's better films and it almost earns a 9.

stan laurel and oliver hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history, and deservedly so, so i am happy to see any of their films. professor noodle (lucien littlefield) is nearing the completion of his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse ageing, after twenty years. ollie and stan are the chimney sweeps that arrive to do their job, and very quickly ollie wants to get away from stan making mistakes. ollie goes to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but stan in the living room ends up pushing the him back in the attic. after breaking an extension, stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, from off the wall, and of course it fires the brush off. stan goes up to have a look, and ollie, standing on the attic door of the roof, falls into the greenhouse. stan asks if he was hurt, and ollie only answers with "i have nothing to say." ollie gets back on the roof, and he and stan end up in a tug and pull squabble which ends up in ollie falling down and destroying the chimney. ollie, hatless, in the fireplace is hit on the head by many bricks coming down, and the butler jessup (sam adams) is covered in chimney ash smoke, oh, and ollie still has nothing to say to stan. the boys decide to clean up the mess, and when stan tears the carpet with the shovel, ollie asks "can't you do anything right", and stan replies "i have nothing to say", getting the shovel bashed on his head. as ollie holds a bag for stan to shovel in the ashes, they get distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ashes end up down ollie's trousers, so stan gets another shovel bashed on the head. professor noodle finishes his formula, and does a final test on a duck, with a drop in a tank of water, changing it into a duckling. he also shows the boys his success, turning the duckling into an egg, and he next proposes to use a human subject, i.e. his butler. while he's gone, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but ollie ends up being knocked by stan into the water tank with all the formula. in the end, what was once ollie comes out, an ape, and when stan asks him to speak, all ollie ape says is "i have nothing to say", and stan whimpers. filled with wonderful slapstick and all classic comedy you could want from a black and white film, it is an enjoyable film. stan laurel and oliver hardy were number 7 on the comedians' comedian. very good!

i have seen dirty work several times and is probably my favourite stan and ollie short.in this one, stan and ollie are chimney sweeps and get the job to clean the chimney at the home of professor noodle (lucien littlefield). while noodle is doing mad experiments in his lab, stan and ollie cause much chaos trying to clean the chimney and make a mess of the living room. the end is where ollie falls into a tank of special formula that noodle uses for his experiments and this turns him into a chimp! the best part is where ollie falls down the chimney and loads of bricks land on his head, but he doesn't seem to suffer much pain from this.dirty work is stan and ollie at their funniest. great fun.rating: 5 stars out of 5.

a laurel & hardy comedy short. the boys arrive to sweep the chimneys at the home of professor noodle, a mad scientist who's just perfected his rejuvenation serum. stan & ollie proceed with their dirty work, spreading destruction inside the house and on the roof. then the professor wants to try out his new potion...a very funny little film. the ending is a bit abrupt, but much of the slapstick leading up to it is terrific. especially good is stan & ollie's contest of wills at opposite ends of the chimney. that's lucien littlefield as the professor.

the concept of having laurel & hardy this time in the role of chimney sweepers works out surprisingly hilarious. it guarantees some funny situations and silly antics, from especially stan laurel of course as usual.the movie also has a subplot with a nutty professor who is working on a rejuvenation formula. it doesn't really sound like a logical mix of story lines and incoherent but both plot lines blend in perfectly toward the memorable ending. it's still a bit weird but its funny nevertheless, so it works for the movie.the supporting cast of the movie is surprising good. sam adams is great as the stereotypical butler and lucien littlefield goes deliciously over-the-top as the nutty professor.the movie is filled with some excellent timed and hilarious constructed sequences, which are all quite predictable but become hilarious to watch nevertheless thanks to the way they are all executed. it all helps to make "dirty work" to be one of the better laurel & hardy shorts.8/10

in many ways dirty work is a predictable l&h short on the surface with the boys going to sweep someone`s chimney . guess what happens next ? that`s right slapstick at its most sucessful ensues .but there`s one or two things that seem untypical . ollie for example is very unlikable , he`s arrogant , he`s rude , and not only to stan look at the way he addresses the servant with " hey you " and takes a childish huff very easily with his catchphrase being " i have nothing to say " . in short ollie plays a bully in a very unlikable way and i much prefer to see him to play the arrogant coward where he`s always at his funniestdirty work also lacks the reportary regulars of the other l&h shorts like finlayson , long , busch and housman which means when we switch to the mad scientist plotline there`s a slightly creepy atmosphere that jars with the rest of the movie having said that this is still a good short mainly down to stan . also watch out for a scene featuring a fish . many jokes/plots from l&h feature fish and this is another one

this is an unusual laurel & hardy comedy with something of a split personality: at times it feels like two movies made in different styles spliced into a single short. happily, each portion is funny in its own right, and the boys' seemingly effortless clowning carries the day and synthesizes the film's disparate elements into an entertaining whole. while i've never heard a fan cite dirty work as his or her favorite laurel & hardy comedy, it's nonetheless one that everybody seems to like.our story is set in the home of professor noodle, who represents one key element of the story-line: a wildly over-the-top parody of mad scientist scenarios. this marks a rare venture into sci-fi territory for l&h; abbott & costello and the three stooges tangled with mad doctors far more often than stan & ollie. in any event, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and the occasional dry quip. meanwhile, stan & ollie are chimney sweeps who show up at the professor's home the very day he perfects his solution. "their" portion of the film consists of characteristic (but first-rate) slapstick involving the chimney, the roof, shovels, and a number of unfortunate mishaps. if you don't enjoy watching these guys screw up a task then you probably won't like dirty work, but for fans of the team this movie is a feast. the highlight comes when ollie plummets through the chimney, lands in the fireplace, and is then pummeled with bricks that fall onto his head with maddening rhythmic precision, one by one. i also like the shot of ollie tumbling off the roof into a greenhouse; the process work is so slapdash i suspect it was something of an inside joke, the way w.c. fields' movies would feature the world's worst rear-projection screens.the slapstick stuff is great fun, but it's the mad scientist motif that makes this film offbeat, and two supporting players deserve a tip of the bowler hat: prolific character actor lucien littlefield is terrific as the professor, delivering his overripe lines with relish and cackling with hammy glee, while sam adams is a stitch in the less showy role of jessup the butler. as great as stan laurel and oliver hardy were in their prime, it's always worth noting that their supporting casts at the hal roach studio gave their films an enormous boost. so too, usually, did the background music of le roy shield, but dirty work marks a rare occasion from this period that a roach comedy has no musical accompaniment at all after the opening credits. mood music might have enhanced the proceedings, but no matter; this is a highly enjoyable comedy anyhow, and a prime example of what made laurel & hardy so popular in their day.

