the title has many meanings - the boxing ring, where differences and grievances are fought out, a wedding ring, where mabel feels trapped and jack feels his troubles will be over and the cause of the trouble, a ring-like bracelet that bill gives mabel as a love token. former professional boxer, danish carl brisson, was given his start in films by alfred hitchcock in "the ring". a very young ian hunter, who went on to have such a long career in movies, plays bob corby, who catches the eye of a pretty girl, mabel (lillian hall davis) at a fun fair. she happens to be engaged to "one round" jack sander (carl brisson) but that doesn't stop her flirting with bob. bob is persuaded to go "one round" with jack. he goes several rounds and wins - he is a professional boxer and he and his manager have come to the fair to find out if jack is as good a fighter as they have heard. he offers to take jack on and jack goes off, along with his boorish trainer (the great gordon harker) to make his fortune with plans to marry mabel when he makes good. jack wins his fight and marries mabel the next day, but the deep attraction that she and bob feel for each other is still there. jack is suspicious and puts everything into his training so he can fight bob for his wife.at last a boxing movie where the hero doesn't go off the rails - bob behaves himself and does everything he can to be a champion - if only mabel acted in the same way!!! she has left him for bob - and the fight at the end is a mighty one. it is intensely realistic - it occupies the last 20 minutes of the film. from being raw and enthusiastic, jack is almost knocked out - then between rounds, reuniting with mabel, gives him the courage to triumph. the question is why would he even want her back - from the start she thought nothing of starting an affair with bob - why wouldn't she do it again?the film is loaded with symbolism. jack, shaking hands with the promoter, changes to mabel's hands accepting a bracelet from bob. when jack puts the ring on mabel's finger, bobs bracelet slips down her arm. at the end jack sees mabel's reflection in a ringside water bucket and that gives him the confidence to go on. this is an excellent film that will not disappoint you.highly recommended.

'one-round' jack sander is called that because he's a carnival boxer who fights any man in the audience. if they can last one round, they win a prize--a popular way to draw customers into traveling shows long ago. jack is in love with the ticket girl, mabel, though her head is quickly turned when bob corby enters the ring to try his chances with jack. what no one at the fight knows is that bob is the champ, so he's able to beat jack--though it takes him some work. as a result, bob asks jack to become his sparring partner and give up the carnival circuit. later, jack improves so much that he, too, becomes a legitimate boxer. slowly, he works his way up the rankings until he's nearly ready to take on the champ.in the meantime, the champ and mabel start running around behind jack's back--even though by now mabel has married jack. so, when the final fight occurs between jack and bob, it's very personal and jack is ready to kill him. is he good enough? will rise justifiable rage against bob help or hinder his performance? tune in and see.this film was directed by alfred hitchcock and while today this sort of film seems strange for a director known for mystery-suspense films, back in the 1920s, hitchcock had no fixed genre which he directed or wrote (he did both for this film). in fact, in many ways this film is more indicative of hitchcock's silent style, as a somewhat similar plot came up in one of his next silents, the manxman (also starring carl brisson as the wronged husband). so, while this seems a lot like a standard boxing film of the day, it was not a radical departure for this great director--even with its rather formulaic ending.overall, while a bit predictable and having ian hunter playing a boxing champ seems silly, the film works well. while far from a perfect silent, it's well worth seeing and packs a nice punch.

another silent love triangle film from hitchcock, not a mystery, but very english, very well-paced and photographed. smooth boxer bob corby (ian hunter) recruits circus boxer "one round" jack sander (carl brisson) to be his sparring partner, partly to keep the pretty but fickle mabel (lilian hall-davis) nearby. there are lots of character actors and grotesques—at jack and mabel's wedding the verger, standing in the aisle of the church, registers shock at the sight of the very tall and the very short men, the fat lady, the conjoined twins who, of course, argue about which side of the aisle to sit, and the wedding feast is amusing. the rest of the movie has jack losing mabel and boxing his way back to her heart, or something like that. it was another era altogether, with the audience in evening dress, and the boxers dressing up, too, when out of the ring. the camera angles, the pace, the use of symbols, the cutting—all very stylish and masterful. the camera-work and editing of the last boxing match is very gripping. brisson's good looks are well-used in this one; his smiling is not so oblivious of what's going on around him as he is in hitchcock's the manxman, and so is not annoying. but can boxers have such dimples?

hitchcock displays his already developed understanding for visuals in this early silent film. the plot of the film, involving two boxers fighting over a girl, is straight-forward drama without much to recommend it. hitchcock's talent, though, is found in his stunning use of images. nearly every shot is filled with visual symbols. especially memorable is the jewelry that one boxer gives the girl just before she marries the other boxer. he slides it up her arm in a clearly sexual way and with one simple movement hitch has shown us all we need to know. the boxing scenes are handled well with some interesting point-of-view shots that again prove how far ahead of his time hitchcock was. the film also gives insight into his later treatment of women. the object of the boxers' desires is driven by money and lust, not reason or love. the only other women in the film are either beautiful party girls who make open offers of sex or old crones who help to destroy happy relationships. all in all, the ring is a must for anyone interested in hitchcock's early work and his development as a visual storyteller.

i sometimes grow weary of reading reviews of some of hitchcock's lesser known films, because almost every single one starts out with someone saying this film is grossly overlooked or this is a hidden hitchcock gem or a true hitchcock great or some other generic if - only - people - would - watch - this - they - would - see - that - this - is - a - great - hitchcock - film - just - as - much - as - vertigo - north - by - northwest - psycho - rear - window - etc. so, that being said, i would just like to say that if - only - people - would - watch - this - they - would - see - that - this - is - a - great - hitchcock - film - just - as - much - as - vertigo - north - by - northwest - psycho - rear - window - etc.now, that may be overshooting a little bit, the ring is not by any stretch of the imagination even in the same league as any of those films mentioned twice above, but compared to the other films that hitchcock made in the late 1920s and early 1930s, i really think that the ring is one of the best photographed and performed films of mostly all of them. as an almost brand new director, there are some astonishing dream sequences and brilliant segments of editing which show why hitchcock was generating so much attention early in his career.granted, the film does start with, among other things, the highly disturbing spectacle of an idiot black circus performer (and i use idiot in the definitive manner, the way stephen king so often does) having eggs and fruit thrown at him by a crowd of not the classiest looking white people. i suppose this only illustrates how incredibly different such circuses and people were back then, but i think it is one of the most off-putting sequences in any hitchcock film i've seen.the main attraction at the circus is a fighter who claims to be able to knock any man down in one round, but when he meets his match, it is against a man that challenges his authority not only in the boxing ring but also in the ring around his wife's finger. so begins an entertaining if not very tense challenge for the love of one woman, who seems to sway from one man to the other effortlessly and thoughtlessly.(spoilers) there is, for example, a scene where her husband watches her from above as she is dropped off at home late at night and, just before going into the building, she is coaxed back to the car for a kiss. this kiss is never explained, and there is also the fact that, even at the end when she proves faithful to her husband, or at least ultimately chooses him, they look into each other's eyes but do not actually kiss.the film is certainly beautifully photographed, even more so than several films that hitch released in subsequent years. there is also a performance by gordon harker as one round jack's trainer who, in his stone faced expressionism, reminds me quite often of the brilliant buster keaton. hitch leaves it a bit ambiguous, but this is a great sample of his early work.

this early film has its flaws-- a predictable plot and some overlong scenes of dubious relevance-- but it already clearly demonstrates hitchcock's mastery of editing and the use of powerful images. it's also among the most expressionist of his films stylistically; note, for examples, the weird distortions he uses during the party sequence and the frequent echoes of both title and plot in the imagery.its core, though, remains the final match, which is still among the more exciting examples of cinematic boxing. even though you know that the hero has to win, it becomes quite believable that he will lose, and the movement of his wife from the champion's corner to his, motivating the final plot pay-off, is very well entwined with the progress of the match. the inserts of the stopwatch do exactly what they should; you can almost hear the ticking (even though this is a silent film, the visuals often have a surprisingly auditory feel to them). the pacing becomes astonishingly rapid, and the viewer gets sucked into the excitement and brutality of both the match and the sexual jealousy which underlies it.the only dvd release with which i am familiar is that of laserlight, a public domain company. as with each hitchcock silent they've released, they've attached various musical selections, mostly orchestral, to the action. the sound editing is frequently sloppy, and the sound quality varies widely, but some genuine care seems to have gone into most of the actual choices, and the music accompanying the final match works extremely well; it is unlikely that this sequence will ever be better accompanied than it is here.this is a much more impressive film than its present obscurity would suggest. it deserves an honorable place in both the hitchcock canon and the slender list of worthwhile boxing films.

surprisingly good early effort from alfred hitchcock. one of the only original screenplays written by hitchcock himself, this film shows remarkable story structure. it kicks off with a rousing boxing match in which carnival champ "one round" jack loses to a challenger from the audience who happens to be a professional prizefighter. the movie then slows down to develop the characters and introduce a love triangle between jack, his girl and the professional boxer. the rest of the film is a dramatic buildup to the rematch between the two men, this time for the heavyweight crown. even in this early film, hitchcock shows his talent for meaningful cinematography and prop placement. an armband bought for the girl by the boxer continues to pop up throughout the movie as a symbol of her unfaithfulness. the only big detractor of this film is that the art of filming a boxing match had not yet been perfected in 1927. the final match, as a result, ends up being somewhat anticlimactic. the story, though, is what carries this film through.

at first, i thought the ring would be a more than normal movie with it's ordinary plot. how surprised was i! of course, the plot is simple - one girl is in love with two men - but hitchcock brings it to us on a silver platter, with laughter and fear, with compassion and anguish. the way he depicts the popular crowds of the fair, the strength of the attraction of the girl to both men, the tragic elements that come together with techniques that open the mind to most of his greatest movies(north by northwest, the rope, etc.). the master did it great even before his thirties!

the ring was made from the only screenplay hitchcock wrote himself and it deals, as many of his earliest pictures do, with a love triangle. at first glance, it looks like a more cynical update of the infidelity-themed morality comedies of cecil b. de mille, but more than that it is the first really competent hitchcock picture. even if he was not yet using the ideas and motifs of suspenseful thrillers, he was at least developing the tools with which to create suspense.as well as being a student of the german expressionist style, the rhythmic editing style of sergei eisenstein had had its impact upon hitchcock. but here he keeps tempo not just with the edits but with the content of the imagery. this is apparent from the opening shots, where spinning fairground rides brilliantly establish a smooth tempo. and like eisenstein, the editing style seems to suggest sound – for example when a split-second shot of the bell being rung is flashed in, we almost subconsciously hear the sound because the image is so jarring.there is also a contrast, particularly with silent films from the us, in that the ring is not cluttered up with too many title cards. as much as possible is conveyed by imagery, and hitch has enough faith in the audience to either lip-read or at least infer the meaning of the bulk of the characters' speech. and it's not done by contrived symbolism or overacting, it's all done by getting the right angles and the right timing, particularly with point-of-view shots, as well as some strong yet subtle performances. there are unfortunately a few too many obvious expressionist devices (particularly double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but there is far less of this than there is in the lodger.let's make a few honourable mentions for the aforementioned actors. first up, the stunningly handsome and very talented carl brisson in the lead role. in spite of his talent i was at first a bit confused as to why he got the role, as to be honest he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! but that just goes to show how much i know, as it turns out brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. playing his rival is the competent ian hunter, who would go on to have a lengthy career in supporting roles right up to the 60s. the most demanding role in the ring has to be that given to lillian hall-davis, torn between two lovers. she pulls it off very well however with an emotive, understated performance, and it's a shame her career never lasted in the sound era. and last but not least the great gordon harker provides some comic relief in what is probably his best ever role.the ring's climactic fight scene is among the most impressive moments of silent-era hitchcock. martin scorcese may have had his eye on the ring when he directed the fight scenes in raging bull, as his watchword for these scenes was "stay inside the ring". the fight in the ring starts off with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies hitchcock drops us right in the middle of it, with close-ups and point-of-view shots. hitchcock's aim always seems to have been to involve his audience, and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often in immersing the viewer in the character's fear or paranoia.the ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known the lodger. it's a much more polished and professional work than the earlier picture, and probably the best of all his silent features.

the symbolic use of objects, form editing, the position of characters in the scene... these were all used with such joyous abandon by hitchcock that you can really see what a fertile genius he had. the way the wife moves from one corner of the ring to the other as the fight progresses, the editing when the wedding ring is placed on her finger... while these may seem a bit obvious by todays standards, in the silent era they spoke volumes about the story without a word being spoken. even the title has a least four meanings that i can see; the boxing ring, the wedding ring, the bracelet the lover buys, and the love triangle at the heart of the story.

having seen charley boorman in long way round with ewan mcgregor, i was very interested to see how charley would be in his own show. i thought charley came across as a lovely guy who is very grounded and down to earth. its nice to see that celebrities struggle with their weight and fitness, it just show's their human too! i don't know a lot about bikes, but this show gripped me right from the start. the preparation and organising for this event seems immense. the event itself seems very dangerous and i'm fascinated to see why charley and everyone else is doing it and how far he gets. i love the pace of the show and the fast upbeat music. i can't believe he broke his collar bone, i really hope its not the end, i cant wait to see the next episode...

the planning episodes were a bit dull, but when they reached the desert it was quite fun to watch. the reason why i call it the most realistic reality show is because, much to my surprise,charley fell out of the race relatively early. when his hands were sore, i expected the usual stress and then a miracle fix, but instead he actually quit the race. the most anxious moment of the show must've been when max was stuck out in the desert with almost no water or food! the ending was great and i was very happy to see at least one of the team make it. overall, not as great as the long way round, but definitely an interesting watch, as one gets a peek into the most challenging race in the world.

i always follow the dakar, so when my husband bought charlie's 'race to dakar' dvd home i couldn't wait to watch it! of course we'd seen the broadcast of the race when the actual race was on, but that never gives the background and specific teams.if you watched long way round then you won't be surprised by the language which frankly i find more amusing than offensive.i think the only thing that annoyed me about the dvd was charlie's hair, but he had it styled before dakar so my feminine need for neatness was assuaged; tho' i could have lived without the 'flame' undies lol as with lwr, the preparation was every bit as interesting as the race itself. i nearly cried when charlie broke his hand, and winced at every bruise he sustained while training....and of course the death of andy caldicott...that was an appalling tragedy, but then every year there's something.russ drives me nuts, although his attitude has improved a thousand times from the argumentative cynic he was in lwr. it's great to see him get along so well now with charlie.what i learned from this odyssey was - 1. never let scorpion prepare your vehicle for anything! - they had months to prepare the x5, and still the day before the team left for lisbon, scorpion had only done half of things that needed to be done, and the vehicle was a pain throughout the whole race; 2. the dakar organizers need to put a lot more work into their rider/driver retrieval plan - leaving matt (and presumably a large number of other riders/drivers out to dry the way they did was nothing short of culpable negligence; 3. charlie has an endearing enthusiasm for 'rough and tough' adventure but needs to toughen up a lot to really perform as he'd like; and finally, 4. charlie and ewan are planning another of these epos called the long way down in 2007, and i can't wait to get my hands on it! :d if you love bikes and/or genuinely nice blokes 'having a go', you have to watch this, i guarantee you love it. it's very entertaining.in conclusion, to simon pavey - you sir are a hero, i was so impressed by the your 'quiet achiever' manner and the fact that you actually finished.....just incredible considering what an monumentally difficult race it is. and to charlie, matt and the rest of the team - full marks for pulling it off. to think that a relatively green team could have achieved so much is truly admirable. you're all wonderful.

if you loved long way round you will enjoy this nearly as much. it is educational, funny, interesting and tense. charley shares the screen with two interesting teammates, two tired mechanics, two excellent cameramen and too much russ. ewan makes a few appearances but charley really pulls it off alone. he is funny, engaging and still a puddle of stress and doubt. great stuff!the series wraps up in 7 episodes. like lwr, the preparation is nearly as interesting as the race. though they cover the ins and outs of the race well, there could be a bit more explanation of the trucks and cars, which are merely mentioned and rarely even seen racing. it is a motorcycle movie though and anyone on two wheels will love this. the series features stunning photography as well as a few interviews of peoples mouths. yikes. there is another extremely catchy theme song like lwr but this one is not nearly as good as the stereophonics.if you live in the us god knows when it will be released so buy it on amazon.uk and watch it on your computer as i did. oh, and be prepared to buy another motorbike.

i loved long way round and wasn't even aware of race to dakar until i saw it on the shelves of my local supermarket. i bought it and after a slightly 'hmm will this be as good' first episode i decided that it was. charlie boorman was great as were the other members of the crew. great to see him with ewan again. there was a fair bit of swearing in it but that didn't bother me. as for their being no mention of it on the package. thats more to do with the silly excempt from classification certificate that the bbfc have. they should have given it a 15 just for the language alone.highly recommended series, i want more!!

match 1: tag team table match bubba ray and spike dudley vs eddie guerrero and chris benoit bubba ray and spike dudley started things off with a tag team table match against eddie guerrero and chris benoit. according to the rules of the match, both opponents have to go through tables in order to get the win. benoit and guerrero heated up early on by taking turns hammering first spike and then bubba ray. a german suplex by benoit to bubba took the wind out of the dudley brother. spike tried to help his brother, but the referee restrained him while benoit and guerrero ganged up on him in the corner. with benoit stomping away on bubba, guerrero set up a table outside. spike dashed into the ring and somersaulted over the top rope onto guerrero on the outside! after recovering and taking care of spike, guerrero slipped a table into the ring and helped the wolverine set it up. the tandem then set up for a double superplex from the middle rope which would have put bubba through the table, but spike knocked the table over right before his brother came crashing down! guerrero and benoit propped another table in the corner and tried to irish whip spike through it, but bubba dashed in and blocked his brother. bubba caught fire and lifted both opponents into back body drops! bubba slammed guerrero and spike stomped on the wolverine from off the top rope. bubba held benoit at bay for spike to soar into the wassup! headbutt! shortly after, benoit latched spike in the crossface, but the match continued even after spike tapped out. bubba came to his brother's rescue and managed to sprawl benoit on a table. bubba leapt from the middle rope, but benoit moved and sent bubba crashing through the wood! but because his opponents didn't force him through the table, bubba was allowed to stay in the match. the first man was eliminated shortly after, though, as spike put eddie through a table with a dudley dawg from the ring apron to the outside! benoit put spike through a table moments later to even the score. within seconds, bubba nailed a bubba bomb that put benoit through a table and gave the dudleys the win! winner: bubba ray and spike dudleymatch 2: cruiserweight championship jamie noble vs billy kidman billy kidman challenged jamie noble, who brought nidia with him to the ring, for the cruiserweight championship. noble and kidman locked up and tumbled over the ring, but raced back inside and grappled some more. when kidman thwarted all noble's moves, noble fled outside the ring where nidia gave him some encouragement. the fight spread outside the ring and noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. kidman tossed nidia aside but was taken down with a modified arm bar. noble continued to attack kidman's injured arm back in the ring. kidman's injured harm hampered his offense, but he continued to battle hard. noble tried to put kidman away with a powerbomb but the challenger countered into a facebuster. kidman went to finish things with a shooting star press, but noble broke up the attempt. kidman went for the shooting star press again, but this time noble just rolled out of harm's way. noble flipped kidman into a power bomb soon after and got the pin to retain his wwe cruiserweight championship! winner: jamie noblematch 3: european championship william regal vs jeff hardy william regal took on jeff hardy next in an attempt to win back the european championship. jeff catapulted regal over the top rope then took him down with a hurracanrana off the ring apron. back in the ring, jeff hit the whisper in the wind to knock regal for a loop. jeff went for the swanton bomb, but regal got his knees up to hit jeff with a devastating shot. jeff managed to surprise regal with a quick rollup though and got the pin to keep the european championship! regal started bawling at seeing hardy celebrate on his way back up the ramp. winner: jeff hardymatch 4: chris jericho vs john cena chris jericho had promised to end john cena's career in their match at vengeance, which came up next. jericho tried to teach cena a lesson as their match began by suplexing him to the mat. jericho continued to knock cena around the ring until his cockiness got the better of him. while on the top rope, jericho began to showboat and allowed cena to grab him for a superplex! cena followed with a tilt-a-whirl slam but was taken down with a nasty dropkick to the gut. the rookie recovered and hit a belly to belly suplex but couldn't put y2j away. jericho launched into the lionsault but cena dodged the move. jericho nailed a bulldog and then connected on the lionsault, but did not go for the cover. he goaded cena to his feet so he could put on the walls of jericho. cena had other ideas, reversing the move into a pin attempt and getting the 1-2-3! jericho went berserk after the match. winner: john cenamatch 5: intercontinental championship rvd vs brock lesnar via disqualification the next big thing and mr. pay-per-view tangled with the intercontinental championship on the line. brock grabbed the title from the ref and draped it over his shoulder momentarily while glaring at rvd. van dam 's quickness gave brock fits early on. the big man rolled out of the ring and kicked the steel steps out of frustration. brock pulled himself together and began to take charge. with paul heyman beaming at ringside, brock slammed rvd to the hard floor outside the ring. from there, brock began to overpower rvd, throwing him with ease over the top rope. rvd landed painfully on his back, then had to suffer from having his spine cracked against the steel ring steps. the fight returned to the ring with brock squeezing rvd around the ribs. rvd broke away and soon after leveled brock with a kick to the temple. rvd followed with the rolling thunder but brock managed to kick out after a two-count. the fight looked like it might be over soon as rvd went for a five-star frog splash. brock, though, hoisted van dam onto his shoulder and went for the f-5, but rvd whirled brock into a ddt and followed with the frog splash! he went for the pin, but heyman pulled the ref from the ring! the ref immediately called for a disqualification and soon traded blows with heyman! after, rvd leapt onto brock from the top rope and then threatened to hit the van terminator! heyman grabbed rvd's leg and brock picked up the champ and this time connected with the f-5 onto a steel chair! winner: rvdmatch 6: booker t vs the big show booker t faced the big show one-on-one next. show withstood booker t's kicks and punches and slapped booker into the corner. after being thrown from the ring, booker picked up a chair at ringside, but big show punched it back into booker's face. booker tried to get back into the game by choking show with a camera cable at ringside. booker smashed a tv monitor from the spanish announcers' position into show's skull, then delivered a scissors kick that put both men through the table! booker crawled back into the ring and big show staggered in moments later. show grabbed booker's throat but was met by a low blow and a kick to the face. booker climbed the top rope and nailed a somersaulting leg drop to get the pin! winner: booker tannouncement: triple h entered the ring to a thunderous ovation as fans hoped to learn where the game would end up competing. before he could speak, eric bishoff stopped the game to apologize for getting involved in his personal business. if triple h signed with raw, bischoff promised his personal life would never come into play again. bischoff said he's spent the past two years networking in hollywood. he said everyone was looking for the next breakout wwe superstar, and they were all talking about triple h. bischoff guaranteed that if triple h signed with raw, he'd be getting top opportunities coming his way. stephanie mcmahon stepped out to issue her own pitch. she said that because of her personal history with triple h, the two of them know each other very well. she said the two of them were once unstoppable and they can be again. bischoff cut her off and begged her to stop. stephanie cited that triple h once told her how bischoff said triple h had no talent and no charisma. bischoff said he was young at the time and didn't know what he had, but he still has a lot more experience that stephanie. the two continued to bicker back and forth, until triple h stepped up with his microphone. the game said it would be easy to say "screw you" to either one of them. triple h went to shake bischoff's hand, but pulled it away. he said he would rather go with the devil he knows, rather than the one he doesn't know. before he could go any further, though, shawn michaels came out to shake things up. hbk said the last thing he wanted to do was cause any trouble. he didn't want to get involved, but he remembered pledging to bring triple h to the nwo. hbk said there's nobody in the world that triple h is better friends with. hbk told his friend to imagine the two back together again, making bischoff's life a living hell. triple h said that was a tempting offer. he then turned and hugged hbk, making official his switch to raw! triple h and hbk left, and bischoff gloated over his victory. bischoff said the difference between the two of them is that he's got testicles and she doesn't. stephanie whacked bischoff on the side of the head and left!match 7: tag team championship match christian and lance storm vs hollywood hogan and edge the match started with loud "usa" chants and with hogan shoving christian through the ropes and out of the ring. the canadians took over from there. but edge scored a kick to christian's head and planted a facebuster on storm to get the tag to hogan. hogan began to hulk up and soon caught christian with a big boot and a leg drop! storm broke up the count and christian tossed hogan from the ring where storm superkicked the icon. edge tagged in soon after and dropped both opponents. he speared both of them into the corner turnbuckles, but missed a spear on strom and hit the ref hard instead. edge nailed a ddt, but the ref was down and could not count. test raced down and took down hogan then leveled edge with a boot. storm tried to get the pin, but edge kicked out after two. riksihi sprinted in to fend off test, allowing edge to recover and spear storm. christian distracted the ref, though, and y2j dashed in and clocked edge with the tag team championship! storm rolled over and got the pinfall to win the title! winners and new tag team champions: christian and lance stormmatch 8: wwe undisputed championship triple threat match. the rock vs kurt angle and the undertaker three of wwe's most successful superstars lined up against each other in a triple threat match with the undisputed championship hanging in the balance. taker and the rock got face to face with kurt angle begging for some attention off to the side. he got attention in the form of a beat down form the two other men. soon after, taker spilled out of the ring and the rock brawled with angle. angle gave a series of suplexes that took down rock, but the great one countered with a ddt that managed a two-count. the fight continued outside the ring with taker coming to life and clotheslining angle and repeatedly smacking the rock. taker and rock got into it back into the ring, and taker dropped the rock with a sidewalk slam to get a two-count. rock rebounded, grabbed taker by the throat and chokeslammed him! angle broke up the pin attempt that likely would have given the rock the title. the rock retaliated by latching on the ankle lock to kurt angle. angle reversed the move and rock bottomed the people's champion. soon after, the rock disposed of angle and hit the people's elbow on the undertaker. angle tried to take advantage by disabling the great one outside the ring and covering taker, who kicked out after a two count. outside the ring, rock took a big swig from a nearby water bottle and spewed the liquid into taker's face to blind the champion. taker didn't stay disabled for long, and managed to overpower rock and turn his attention to angle. taker landed a guillotine leg drop onto angle, laying on the ring apron. the rock picked himself up just in time to break up a pin attempt on kurt angle. taker nailed rock with a ddt and set him up for a chokeslam. angle tried sneaking up with a steel chair, but taker caught on to that tomfoolery and smacked it out of his hands. the referee got caught in the ensuing fire and didn't see angle knock taker silly with a steel chair. angle went to cover taker as the rock lay prone, but the dead man somehow got his shoulder up. angle tried to pin rock, but he too kicked out. the rock got up and landed angle in the sharpshooter! angle looked like he was about to tap, but taker kicked the rock out of the submission hold. taker picked rock up and crashed him with the last ride. while the dead man covered him for the win, angle raced in and picked taker up in the ankle lock! taker went delirious with pain, but managed to counter. he picked angle up for the last ride, but angle put on a triangle choke! it looked like taker was about to pass out, but the rock broke angle's hold only to find himself caught in the ankle lock. rock got out of the hold and watched taker chokeslam angle. rocky hit the rock bottom, but taker refused to go down and kicked out. angle whirled taker up into the angle slam but was rock bottomed by the great one and pinned! winner and new wwe champion: the rock~finally there is a decent ppv! lately the ppv weren't very good, but this one was a winner. i give this ppv a a-

saw this in the theater in '86 and fell out of my chair laughing more than once. "beirut"..."what do you know about beirut?"..."beirut...he's the best damn baseball that ever lived."you know how it's going to end but it has a great time getting there. the training scenes are very funny but the best scene may be the one when jack and reno are attempting to watch the falcons v. vikings monday night football game while attempting a make-up dinner with their wives.williams and russell seem to have a lot of fun with this one and it's too bad that it's overlooked as a top notch comedy.

kurt russell is at his best as the man who lives off his past glories, reno hightower. robin williams is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as jack dundee. he dropped the big pass in more ways than one.you'll see some of the most quotable scenes ever put into one film, as jack hisses at a rat, reno poses, and the call of the caribou goes out.don't miss this classic that isn't scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played.

for all of the has-beens or never was's or for the curious, this film is for you....ever played a sport, or wondered what it felt like after the lights went down and the crowd left..this film explores that and more.robin williams(jack dundee) is a small town assistant banker in taft ca., whose life has been plagued, by a miscue in a big rival high school football game 13 years ago, when he dropped the pass that would have won over bakersfield, their arch-rival, that takes great pleasure in pounding the taft rockets, season after season . kurt russell(reno hightower) was the quarterback in that famous game, and is the local legend, that now is a van repair specialist, whose life is fading into lethargy, like the town of taft itself.williams gets an idea to remake history, by replaying the game ! he meets with skeptical resistance, so he goes on a one man terror spree, and literally paints the town , orange, yellow and black , to raise the ire of the residents to recreate the game . after succeeding, the players from that 1972 team reunite, and try to get in shape to practice, which is hysterical . the game is on , bakesfield is loaded with all of the high tech gadgets, game strategies, and sophisticated training routines . taft is drawing plays in the mud, with sticks, stones, and bottle caps, what a riot ! does taft overcome the odds, does robin willians purge the demons from his bowels, does kurt russell rise from lethargy, watch "the best of times" for one of the best viewing experiences ever!one of robin williams best understated performances, the chemistry between robin and russell is magic . and who is kid lester ???holly palance and pamela reed give memorable performances as the wives of williams and russell. succeeds on many levels. a 10 !

hi i'm from taft california and i like this movie because it shows how us little town people love our sports football is the main thing in taft and this movie shows just how important it is i personally think they should make another one but instead of actors use us kids to play the games well show you our determination we've beat bakersfield every game for the past 6 years and since i'm a senior next year its my last chance and then its college we've had running backs lead the state and i'm next if you want to know me i'm kyle taylor and i average seven to eight yards a carry and about five times a game ill break away on a 75 or around that yard run so check us out at our website and go to our sports page bye

robin williams does his best to combine comedy and pathos, but comes off a bit shrill. donald moffat is too one-note as his father-in-law. jeff bridges is excellent though as the quarterback, and holly palance and pamela reed are marvelous, carrying the film through most of its rough spots. it fills time nicely, but is little more than that.

i love this movie, but the music at all the alumni gatherings is just stupid.the fateful game took place in 1972. that means that the protagonists graduated in 1972. but almost all of the music played at the dances etc. is from the 1950s and very early 1960s.having just attended my 30th high school reunion, i can assure you that the last music to be played at a reunion or dance of former high school people is their parents' music.i understand the difficulty of finding relevant 1970s music -- we all know what a desolate time it was musically. but it wasn't completely bereft, and the producers of the film should have taken more care. i found those dance scenes very jarring to my otherwise willing suspension of disbelief in the rest of the film.this was a bad director and/or producer decision.

the film did not do well at the box office.i saw it in a sneak preview.i have always enjoyed the film.i live in 1 of the cities mentioned in the film where past players moved to.not the best film ever put to screen, but enjoyable.robin did well with his role.best line of the film at the beginning, by robin's character jack: "i was that sob!" cleaned up here as not to offend anyone.was glad when it came to dvd a few years back in the wide screen/letter box format.i am not a football fan or a real sports fan. but, you do not need to be one to like this film.

robin williams and kurt russell play guys in their 30's who put their marraiges in jeopardy by deciding (russell somewhat reluctantly) to replay their heartbreaking tie with rival bakersfield years after the fact. williams is ok, but russell is flat-out great as legendary taft quarterback remo hightower. holly palance does a nice and attractive turn as williams' wife, who could live without this rematch. film is worth watching just to see the famed remo in action. highly recommended.

spoiler this movie is about such a concept. williams will go to any low in order to replay the football game that haunts his life. russel plays the ex jock who peaked in high school. finally the under dog get its shot, and williams can save face, instead of being the clown. a great reverse tragedy. 7/10

the best of times is one of the great sleepers of all time. the setup does not tax your patience, the development is steady, the many intertwined relationships are lovingly established, the gags and bits all work and all are funny. there is lots of sentimentality. kurt russell playing reno hightower puts in one of his best performances, and robin williams playing jack dundee is sure-footed as ever. the cast also includes many great supporters. jack's wife is played by jack palance's daughter, who is lovely, as is reno's wife, who is a great comedian. i can't tell you how many times i've watched this movie, how many times i have enjoyed it and how often i wish that more people could see it.

firstly let me say that i didn't like the fact that the rock won the title that is so gay. next i feel regal should have got back his european title, jeff hardy is a crappy champ. rob van dam had the intercontinental title too long already brock should have won it. i am pleased with storm and christian being tag champs, best match was the booker t and big show match in my opinion.

why did this movie fail commercially? it's got a sharp script (by ron shelton) and great performances by kurt russell and, especially, robin williams, in a brilliant manic nerd turn that's different from any of his other work. a great renter.

kurt russell is at his best as the man who lives off his past glories, reno hightower. robin williams is his polar opposite in a rare low key performance as jack dundee. he dropped the big pass in more ways than one.you'll see some of the most quotable scenes ever put into one film, as jack hisses at a rat, reno poses, and the call of the caribou goes out.don't miss this classic that isn't scared to show football in the mud the way it should be played (note to the nfl).

have you ever in your life, gone out for a sport's activity, tried your best, and then found yourself in an important segment of it, where for a brief moment, you were given a chance to be a hero and a champion and . . . failed? i believe many of us have had that moment in our lives. this is the premise of the movie, "the best of times." in this story a middle age banker, named jack dundee (robin williams) suffers from the deep melancholy of a football mistake, which happened years ago, is inspired to re-play the game . . again. in order to accomplish this he must convince the once great football quarterback, reno hightower (kurt russell) to make a comeback. for reno, who is satisfied with his present lot in life, see's no need to change the past record, which get's better as he ages. added to both their problem is the fact years have passed and in addition, both their marriages are floundering and in need of re-vamping. not easy when his father-in-law (donald moffat) habitually reminds him of the biggest drop. nevertheless, dundee is persistent and will do anything to try and correct the greatest blunder of his life. great fun for anyone wishing to enjoy their youth again. ***

i guess that everyone has to make a comeback at some point. and that's exactly what embarrassed taft resident jack dundee (robin williams) intends to do in "the best of times". yep, the man who went all crazy with the radio in "good morning, vietnam" is playing football. in this case, he seeks to replay a game that cost his high school a prestigious title. but ex-teammate reno hightower (kurt russell) isn't just going to go along with it so easily.granted, it's not the best movie for either man. but williams and russell are actually a pretty good comedy team. and some of the names in this movie are likely to give you the giggles (to say the least). check it out.

saw this in the theater in '86 and fell out of my chair laughing more than once. "beirut"..."what do you know about beirut?"..."beirut...he's the best damn baseball player who ever lived."you know how it's going to end but it has a great time getting there. the training scenes are very funny but the best scene may be the one when jack and reno are attempting to watch the falcons v. vikings monday night football game while attempting a make-up dinner with their wives.williams and russell seem to have a lot of fun with this one and it's too bad that it's overlooked as a top notch comedy.

i have seen a lot of ppv's in the past but this is the most entertaining, intense ppv and the most complete dvd i have ever seen. the dvd extras are worth it because they it gives a different view of how the wrestlers act after the show (such as the chris benoit interview/edge interview), some glimpse into the monday night wars era,the first match of hogan winning tag title gold and some promotional talk. additionally there is a good music video.1. tag team table match: bubby ray and spike dudley vs. eddie guerro and chris benoit 7/10 this was a pretty good intense match to start off the show. not too many holds and just pure raw physicallity. spike can hold his own in tables matches and guerro and benoit gave good pure wrestling skills on the mat. 2. wwe crusierweight championship: jamie noble w/ nidia v. billy kidman 3/10 the crowd really didn't care about either wrestler and didn't get interested until kidman did a shooting star press. usually people expect a lot of high flying in a cruiser weight championship, but this had very little. in fact it was so bad that when noble hit his finisher, no one even cared or knew (you can tell by the lack of camera's flashing). the ending was quick though. 3. wwe european championship: jeff hardy v. william regal 5/10 i've never really liked regal as a wrestler, he lacks intensity and style. hardy was impressive but really didn't get a chance to show off his high flying act, although he still performed some good counters and added that needed fast pace to the match. it ended off quickly which was perfect for this match. 4. john cena v. chris jericho 6/10 it's funny looking back at cena's very first ppv, how he used to act, how he used to dress, and how he used to look (watch his interview, it's pretty funny). this was a good intense match with cena showing a nice variety of holds, suplexes, counters and some aerial. jericho was sub-par but definitely helped cena launch his career. cena wins.5. wwe intercontenital championship: rvd v. brock lesnar 8/10 this was a very intense and good match. both wrestlers styles really matched up well on the screen, with brocks pure power and raw energy vs. rvds skill full moves and quickness. rvd looked great in this match (better than his later matches with edge and cena)and the entire match was fast pace. the ending worked perfectly because it still preserved brock's undefeated streak while giving rvd his just desserts in his home state.6. no disqualification match: booker t v. big show 7/10 another solid match that lacked a certain intensity as the rvd match but still a good follow up. although it started off kinda slow (which it always is with big show) booker t was impressive and did a sick move on the announcers table. the finisher was awesome, the ending was a great upset and big move up for booker t.7. wwe tag team championship: hogan and edge v. christian and lance storm 5/10 this was a mediocre match. hogan comes out like usual to a huge pop but his variety of moves lacks that intensity and energy. then again christian doesn't exactly have the greatest athletic abilities himself. this ended up being a mediocre match at best but was still ok for ppv. 8. triple threat match for the undisputed championship: 10/10. rock v. undertaker v. kurt angle.easily the match of the year. this is by far the best triple threat match i have ever seen. it had close falls, plenty of finishers, stolen finishers, raw energy, intensity and fast pace. no one could predict who would come out of this one. if your going to buy this dvd i would buy it strictly for this match. (ending? watch for yourself!)overall this was a solid ppv with plenty of extra goodies to keep you watching again and again. although this is hard to find (i had to pay a little more than usual for this dvd) it is definitely worth your money.

this might be the wwe's 2nd best ppv of the year after wrestlemania it was a good suprise! john cena had an excellent match in which he upset chris jericho. jeff hardy retained his ic title in a short sloppy match with willam regal. bubba & spike dudley won a fairly violent tables match over benoit & guerrero. jamie noble had a really good match with kidman which was suprising to me. booker t defeated the big show in a no dq match, at one point booker t gave the scissors kick to big show and sent him right through the table. in a stupid decision by the wwe christian and lance storm, the jealous anti-americans defeated hogan and edge with a lot of help from test and jericho. rvd and brock had the match of the night it was filled with great high spots and rvd got to retain his ic title through a dq so i was happy he kept the title. triple h also signed with eric bischoff and raw which means little to nothing. and in the main event the rock became the first ever 7-time wwe world champion defeating both kurt angle & undertaker in a triple threat match. overall this is probably the wwe's 2nd best ppv of 2002! 7/10

this 1991 nbc-tv movie aired six months before john goodman's big-screen version of the life of babe ruth came out. for my money, there is no comparison between the two. the tv production isn't perfect but it presents the babe's story with more depth and complexity than goodman's one-dimensional telling. i especially enjoyed the film's depiction of the complex love-hate relationship ruth had with yankee manager miller huggins, who always understood his star player's brilliance and also kept trying to point out why ruth's own character flaws would never let him become a manager or leader of players. the tv-movie rightly notes how ruth never fulfilled his dream of managing the yankees because of his flaws, while the horrible goodman version tries to push the falsehood that ruth was denied what should have been his for the taking.this film makes a great companion piece to "eight men out" since the story starts with ruth's arrival in new york in 1920, one year after the black sox scandal and when his home run exploits literally saved baseball from ruin. indeed, the continuity between the two films is even accentuated with john anderson reprising his "eight men out" role as commissioner kenesaw mountain landis.

"let's bowl" started out on local television in the twin cities. it came on late at night, something you'd stumble across while channel surfing after your 7th bottle of hamm's.even the ads were locally produced, featuring wally outside grumpy's bar, holding a microphone and stammering nervously -- "ahh...over to you, steve sedahl." not sure why, but that one always made me laugh.there was a bowling contest featured under the guise of settling a dispute between two bowlers, but the game was secondary to the commentary and clips. sedahl played it straight, counter-balanced by rich kronfeld's bizarre and hilarious "wally hotvedt." highlights included segments like "how to properly dispose of an old bowling ball" (chuck them into a lake) and "tips on dating," where the duo "date" a couple of hookers and wally ends with the bitter complaint, "i could have done that myself!" another segment -- what the duo did on their days off -- featured steve in beer can strewn hovel, pigging out from the fridge while wally struggled to climb the cliffs at taylor's falls, dressed in his tight pale blue blazer and over-sized headphones. hilarious! wally's awestruck comments about "league bowlers," and his struggle to apply the correct euphemism to various splits were also highlights."let's bowl" was picked up by comedy central and had some good moments, but the network never really knew what to do with it, running it during prime time and emphasizing the bowling "competition," which was never the point of the show. the constant commercials interrupted the flow and the side characters (ernie, the pig, butch, etc.) were more distractions than anything else. the whole thing seemed rushed and kind of forced. even jon stewart dissed let's bowl on the daily show -- (not enough lame, snide jokes?) -- an ignominious treatment for a show that deserved far better.how often does a "let's bowl" come along in the world of modern television, a locally flavored mix of comedic genius and total crap? the networks have the "total crap" part down cold, but it's a sad thing to watch them kill such a dark, strange, funny little gem like "let's bowl." here's hoping they'll put it out on dvd.

i recently had the pleasure of seeing the big bad swim at the ft. lauderdale film festival and i must say it is the best film i have seen all year and the only film i have ever felt inspired to write a comment/review on. this film was beautifully directed and combined a script with realistic dialogs, excellent acting, and an inspiring message. ordinary lives come together in an adult swim class and become extraordinary in a celebration of the diversity of life. this is poignantly illustrated by the imagery in the first minute of this captivating film where we see only the legs and torso of individuals in various shapes and sizes enter into a pool of water. this film is brilliantly directed as the actors are placed and positioned in captivating scenes, which hold your attention and imagination.

this film is hilarious, original, & beautifully directed. i have become a big bad swim groupie, tracking it to film festivals whenever & wherever i can. i've seen it about half a dozen times now, & each time, enthusiastic audience response has confirmed my feeling that this is one of the best films to come out in years. at nearly every festival it has screened, it has either sold out, or won the audience favorite award. it's clear that people love this film, & even clearer why they do. the cinematography is superb, the characterization & acting brilliant, the ending fantastic, & the direction filled with compassion, wisdom & the art of perfect timing. it's hard to believe this is ishai setton's first film. i hope it will be released soon so everyone can see it.

a community pool in connecticut is the setting for this "under the radar" film which is charming, funny, entertaining, and appealing. although it won prizes in major film festivals, "the big bad swim" was not released to hordes of theaters across america, but was distributed in dvd form, and shown in theaters selectively. it is unfortunate that "the big bad swim" never had the marketing hype of a hollywood release, considering how many sinkers hollywood has released this year, such as "i know who killed me." "the big bad swim," a genuinely good independent film, has had to swim upstream on its own.nevertheless, in "the big bad swim," actress paget brewster is endearing and believable as amy, the wired-to-breaking point math teacher who not only is being dumped by her husband but also is about to lose her job, and ends up taking a gamble on a new life. tv soap actor jeff branson-- who is hot-- plays noah, the earnest, vulnerable swim teacher who goes the extra pool length to help his students overcome their fears, and discovers he can learn from his students. pretty, sexy jess weixler (did i just see her in a bank commercial?) deftly plays jordan, the swimmer-to-be who works two jobs, one as a pole dancer, the other as a blackjack dealer. her character provides the catalyst for change amongst the ensemble, but is the least understandable of the characters, because of a lack of a "back story" or motivation as to why she does what she does. jordan is young enough to still live at home with a ubiquitous, video-camera-toting younger brother who spies on her. however, her parents are not shown to be involved with her life in any way, which seems odd. there's no drunken mother or abusive father here to explain why a normal, attractive girl from a connecticut suburb would choose to be a self-medicating pole dancer who debases herself for loutish bachelor parties. despite this quibble, "the big bad swim" succeeds, in large part, because it is a happy, feel good film.as one might expect, learning to swim is the metaphor for life. ultimately it's better to jump in with both feet, and get in the swim, rather than sit on the deck, because life happens to you anyway.the big bad swim is a great date movie, a great dorm movie, a great "what haven't i seen" movie, and men like it as well as women.

i think i usually approach film festival comedies with the low expectation that they will invariably be "quirky," and that any intended humor will be derived solely at the expense of the characters' simplicity in the face of a complicated context. what was exceptional about big bad swim was that the director was able to maintain the integrity and development of his characters in his film while still finding laugh-out-loud humor in scene after scene. there was a sophistication, maybe due also in part to the sharp work of the dp, i've rarely seen in an indie film, and even more rarely in a comedy. of special note here: paget brewster's turn as amy the math teacher. after seeing this performance i cannot understand why brewster hasn't been "discovered" by a larger audience. she brings the necessary mix of anger and likability to the role that really helps this picture reach its potential. this is a terrific work deserving of a larger audience. i look forward to more from the director and this cast!

this indie film looks at the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class in connecticut. the plot is fairly thin. what drives the film is the characters, excellently played by mostly unknown actors. standouts in the cast are brewster as a high school teacher experiencing marital problems and weixler as a casino dealer who moonlights as a stripper. the two actresses give natural performances and work well together. this is an impressive feature film debut for writer schechter and director setton. the latter keeps the narrative moving at a fast clip. the film title and poster suggest something raunchy, but this is a marvelous little comedy-drama.

i saw the big bad swim at the 2006 temecula film festival, and was totally caught off guard by how much i was drawn into it.the film centers around the lives of a group of people taking an adult swim class for various reasons. a humorous idea in its own right, the class serves as a catalyst for greater changes in the students' lives.what surprised me about the film was how real it felt. rarely in ensemble pieces are characters treated so well. i enjoyed the scenes in the class immensely, and the drama that took place outside was very poignant. nothing seemed out of place or out of character, and ultimately it left a very strong feeling, much like attending school or summer camp - where you find fast friends, form strong bonds, and make discoveries about yourself, yet have to depart all too soon.my only complaint was that the character of paula had a very strong and unusual introduction, which made you want to know a little more about her than was ultimately revealed. i suppose you don't get to meet everyone in class, though...aside from this, i found the film very well-rounded and quite enjoyable. see it if you get the opportunity.

writing something genuine and true is challenging. knowing how to shoot it and putting it together without making it trivial is even better. ishai setton's movie is one of those where you can recognize life in all its simplicity and beauty. i have been touched by "the big bad swim" and from now on, i will promote it as far as i can. it is just a shame that i can't have something to show to my friends (you know, such as a dvd???), because talking is good...but giving something to see is better. everyone can't go to festivals to discover pearls like that and this movie's really worth to be put out there! a big thank you to the staff of this master piece, and i am waiting for it to be distributed.

this independent film was one of the best films at the tall grass film festival that i have ever seen there i loved it there are so many things that was great about the film on top of all that the cast and crew that i had the opportunity to meet were absolutely phenomenal.i thought that avi did a great job in his role. and ricky ullman was absolutely true to his role for a disney actor i was amazed at his talent to be able to go from cheesy teen comedy to such an adult role with no problems the talent in the film was just amazing the cinematography was just great if you want to see an independent film this is one really that you should see.i think that mr gruver would have been so proud to have such a submission in his festival and his parents loved the movie so much when it won the audience favorite they went and saw it again. this truly was a great film it was dark and funny and sad and truly emotional it was just fabulous. i am honestly just so enthused by this film and i really don't want to spoil it for any one just see it and truly be amazed at it i think that these film makers really have what it takes to go places and i hope to see more work from them in the future.

i had the pleasure of screening "the big bad swim" at the 2006 new london film festival last week. the festival highlights some of the best independent and non-mainstream films from the past year. it was my assumption that "the big bad swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason that it was shot locally in and around eastern connecticut. however, as the credits began to roll i could only think about how well "the big bad swim" compared to the others featured during the festival. by far it topped my list, followed by "the puffy chair", "who killed the electric car" and "transamerica".the "the big bad swim" is an engaging, truthful and often-humorous look at several adult education swim class pupils and their likable yet troubled instructor that has a depth that i've not seen on screen in quite a while. the interweaving character development and plot lines derived from something as absurd as adult-swimming lessons works in subtle and endearing ways which i found refreshing. the plot doesn't beat you over the head with a direction; rather it builds and grows organically with a pace that was spot on. i was never bored. i never cringed. i never stepped out of the story on the screen.the humor of the film is something like "napoleon dynamite" meets "old school". the acting from a group of relatively unknown actors was credible and their dialog never seemed awkward or contrived. obviously not being a multi-million production the camera shot weren't all awe-inspiring and clear, but adequate and well done for the budget. the lighting and filming technique for scenes filmed in the strip club setting were particularly eye catching because of a more realistic approach than a similar themed scene found in "closer". i also found shots filmed underwater of the class from the waist down seemed to be just as much a portrait of character as a shot from the shoulders up could be.i sure it's said over and over from many in the independent film industry, but i have to say it: if "the big bad swim" isn't picked up for some kind of distribution i would extremely disappointed. "the big bad swim" needs to be seen. if you have the chance to see this film, see it! disappointment is impossible!

the big bad swim has a low budget, indie feel about it. so many times i start to watch independent films that have had really good reviews only to find out they are pretentious crud, voted for by people who are so blinded by the idea of the film and its potential to be provocative that they forget that film is a form of entertainment first and foremost.i do not know if the big bad swim has any message or higher meaning or metaphor, if it does then i missed it.from the get go bbs felt right, it was easy and warm and human, there were no major dramas or meaningful insights, i just connected with the characters straight off. and when, as with all good films the end came around i felt sadness at the loss of that connection.if you are looking for something big, or fast or insightful look elsewhere, look for a film trying to deliver more than it can. bbs delivers a solid, enjoyable, real experience and i felt rewarded and satiated having watched it.

i don't know why i picked this movie to watch, it has a strange title and from the description it just looked like something different. every once in a while its good to try a film that's slightly different from the mainstream hollywood hero/thriller flick and this film certainly was different. right from the beginning this film had me intrigued but i couldn't figure out why until the end if the film when i realized that the movie was great because the characters were so real. i thought the acting was superb and the character development really makes you care about them and hope things turn out well for them in the end. i think that everyone who watches the film could in some way relate to one of the characters and this makes for great viewing and some good laughs at the sheer ordinariness of the actors. at the culmination of the movie you definitely get a sense of well being, and are left with the 'things are going to be ok' type of a feeling. i'm sure this will have wide appeal and should be given a chance.

i was really impressed with this film. the writing was fantastic, and the characters were all rich, and simple. it's very easy to get emotionally attached to all of them. the creators of this movie really hit the nail right on the head when it comes to creating real life characters, and getting the viewer sucked right into their world. further, the music is terrific. they employed some independents to do the score, and some of the soundtrack, and they do a fantastic job adding to the movie. if you have a chance to catch this movie in a small theater or at a film festival (like i did), i highly recommend that you go see it. also, on a personal note, paget brewster is beautiful in this movie. that's reason enough to go check it out.

i actually thought this is a comedy and sat watching it expecting to laugh my ass off. pretty soon in became clear this is no comedy, or at least not a 'jim carrey type' one. what kept we watching was the characters - the movie starts with some pretty grim, troubled people, gathered together to try and fight one of their basic fears - fear of water, fear of swimming. we start to get bit by bit into their lives, witness their troubles, guess of their thoughts.actually i made it look much darker than it actually is, and besides the chain of events soon brings some light and hope to their lives.i probably wouldn't have watched the movie had i known its not a comedy but rather a drama, but i had good time, enjoyed the story and don't mind i spent about 90 minutes with it.many films treat the alienation between people in the western world, this movie shows how people can get together and help each other"and if in the light of dying day you meet her, don't let her pass you by and leave, don't loose her, she is your gift from the sun..."9/10peace and love

i consider myself a huge movie buff. i was sick on the couch and popped in this film. right from the opening to the end i watched in awe at these great actors, i'd never seen, say great word. the filming was beautiful. it was just what i needed. i hope that this message is heard over any bad comments written by others. the director has a heart and it beats with his actors throughout. thanku for making a film like this one. just wonderfully awkward, beautiful kind characters who are flawed and graceful all at once. just great. i can't submit this without 10 lines in total so i will simply go on to say that i wish for more from this director, more from all the actors in this film and more from the writer. i didn't want it to end. the end

i had the opportunity to see this film twice at the 2006 moving picture festival in birmingham, alabama. i enjoyed it so much that i watched it a second time when they had an encore screening.when i think of the films that are shown at festivals, i usually expect them to be edgy and offbeat, often with the feel of an elaborate student project. there's nothing wrong with these types of projects of course, and i enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes i want to see a more mainstream approach to independent film-making. by "mainstream," i mean more like a film produced for national release - in other words, a movie that you would see in a regular movie theater.the writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting in this movie are all totally pro. there is nothing typically independent about this film. as an aspiring director, i am always looking for movies that will motivate me to stop procrastinating and push harder to get my career going. this is one of those films. as i watched the big bad swim, my motivation level was incredible. i felt like my adrenaline had kicked in. the reason i felt this way was because i was so impressed with every aspect of this production. i left the theater excited and ready to start writing that long put-off project. when a movie makes me feel like that, i know it's really good. this is the first feature-length project from ishai setton and i found myself wishing that it had been my project. for me, that's really rare.see this film. it's beautifully shot and directed, and the casting is excellent. paget brewster delivers a very believable and likable performance. she has a quality about her, a charisma, that really draws you in and keeps you focused on her any time she is on screen. she makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend. that's a gift. i think the industry is really missing out by not utilizing her acting abilities more often. jeff branson and jess weixler also did top-notch jobs. i can not say enough nice things about the big bad swim. i look forward to future projects from all of those involved in its production.

this is an excellent film about the characters in a adult swimming class, their problems, relationships and interactions with each other. it should have managed a wider distribution as it's much better than similar films from major studios out at the same time.the swimming instructor is an almost-olympian, reduced to teaching adults basic lessons, and often the target of horndogging from his female students. he attempts, more or less, to fend them off, with varying results.the students characters are mainstream u.s.a; teachers, policemen, college students and retired people, all of whom haven't learned to swim for some reason. the movie covers their relationships, including friends, relatives and romantic conquests as they go through the class. several subplots provide amusing fodder, including a teacher going through a divorce, some high school students making a documentary, and a girl who is only in the class to meet guys.this is a good date movie, or just one to watch when you're in the mood for a romantic drama with overtones of reality.

tony hawk underground came at a point where the series was really starting to lose its luster, tony hawk pro skater 4 did not live up to expectations and left the series really up in the air on what neversoft and activision could do with the series that would be different and interesting.underground introduced the storymode, which was very cool because it made a whole new world for tony hawk pro skater fans. another feature introduced which fans pretty much argued for and that was being able to get off the skateboard, which is nice because now you can actually climb, run, and do all sorts of new things.the levels are good, neversoft also improved on an issue that started with pro skater 3 and that was the length of the level designs. the first two games for the ps1, n64 and dreamcast were great because the levels were nice and long and some hidden features in some. pro skater 3 and 4 were shortened because of a handful of features that were added and really pushed the systems too their limits. in this version, they shortened those features, there isn't as many people wondering the streets, in fact there are almost none in some levels, and the graphics and the skating physics are toned down a little but not a lot.this game does have one con, the storymode is a little short, of course this is neversofts first time doing this with tony hawk pro skater, so that is understandable. however, with that being said you will definitely finish this game within a day.overall, a great addition that was very refreshing.

it's awesome! in story mode, your going from punk to pro. you have to complete goals that involve skating, driving, and walking. you create your own skater and give it a name, and you can make it look stupid or realistic. you are with your friend eric throughout the game until he betrays you and gets you kicked off of the skateboard team(you can pick a team to be on) and you then start your own team! there are many levels like new jersey, manhattan, and even school ii(not part of story mode though) from tony hawk's pro skater 2. you can unlock secret skaters like iron man, gene simmons, and another skater. you can create your own goals like skate letters, combo letters, tricktris, gap, and much more. you can create the goal pedestrian and write what they speak. if you get bored of doing that, you can do the premade goals in premade parks. the only thing i didn't like about this game was that sometimes it was hard to drive the cars. 9/10.

cannot believe my eyes when read quite a bunch of other comments and reviews. as if it were a mediocre movie of some run-of-the-mill dudes.the movie is great, funny, crazy, over-the-top violent though with minimum gore, and all the way energetic to the core. loved every single bit of it. can't remember anything insane like this made for laughs and martial art showing off. and now the most important thing (at least to me): it is computer effects free. when i watch some hollywood actors duking it out on screen in modern high-resolution and damn high-budgeted action "fuflo" (a russian word that means "bull*beep*"), i understand that any *beep* child can do it - you can adjust the wires to the body, add some cute pc effects, and stuff it into the action film. here it is different. i don't think that there will be even a dozen of physically advanced action stars worldwide, who can repeat the brawl that takes place at the end of the film or the "chinese football" play. and it is just a little hong kong cinema made for fun, not pretending to be "star wars".having a dvd with english soundtrack is not a problem with this movie. it does not spoil the atmosphere to me.can't help mentioning a very neat theatrical play. some of you, suppose, won't like it. as to me - it's amazing. have a look at the dragon's friend who is talking in a brave manner to the criminals and all of a sudden gets a fist punch in his left side of the head. his face expression changes into something whimsical and he comes up to dragon with a baby expression. and take a look at the menacing size of his mouth - it's nearly from one ear to the other long when he makes grimaces.this movie deserves a higher rating and a thousand comments from people all over the world. very thankful to our russian industry for the releases of classic jackie chan movies. his modern ones are much weaker in my humble opinion and do not deserve much hype.total 10 out of 10 - a legendary movie in its genre. thank you for attention.

this is an above average jackie chan flick, due to the fantastic finale and great humor, however other then that it's nothing special. all the characters are pretty cool, and the film is entertaining throughout, plus jackie chan is simply amazing in this!. jackie and wai-man chan had fantastic chemistry together, and are both very funny!, and i thought the main opponent looked really menacing!, however the dubbing was simply terrible!. the character development is above average for this sort of thing!, and the main fight is simply fantastic!, plus some of the bumps jackie takes in this one are harsh!. there is a lot of really silly and goofy humor in this, but it amused me, and the ending is hilarious!, plus all the characters are quite likable. it's pretty cheap looking but generally very well made, and while it does not have the amount of fighting you would expect from a jackie chan flick, it does enough to keep you watching, plus one of my favorite moments in this film is when jackie (dragon) and wai-man chan(tiger), are playing around with a rifle and it goes off!. this is an above average jackie chan flick, due to the fantastic finale, and great humor, however other then that it's nothing great, still it's well worth the watch!. the direction is good. jackie chan does a good job here with solid camera work, fantastic angles and keeping the film at a fast pace for the most part. the acting is very good!. jackie chan is amazing as always, and is amazing here, he is extremely likable, hilarious, as usual does some crazy stunts, had fantastic chemistry with wai-man chan, kicked that ass, and played this wonderful cocky character, he was amazing!, i just wished they would stop dubbing him!. (jackie rules!!!!!). wai-man chan is funny as jackie's best friend, i really liked him, he is also a very good martial artist. rest of the cast do ok i guess. overall well worth the watch!. *** out of 5

this review is for the extended cut of this movie.i first watched dragon lord when i bought it on dvd many years ago. i always liked this movie and you can read some of the more positive reviews of it to get the general idea.that being said. i've always found the storyline a bit confusing. the movie is, after all, a love story. and it always seemed strange to me that a love story should end with a 20 minute fight scene.well, in the extended version this is no longer so. the old "original" version begins off with a huge barrel-climb/rugby-like sequence which is the new ending sequence in the extended version. the opening sequence is dragon(jackie chan) hanging around his house and pretending to be training and reciting whenever his father is around.other sequenced have also been shift or prolonged in the extended cut and the story makes a lot more sense when you watch it. the pacing is also better and overall it just works better. it feels more like a love story and doesn't leave you asking questions about why it ends so drastically and dramatically as the regular version does.i suggest everyone who is a hong-kong cinema, or just plain jackie chan fanatic to get a hold of the extended version and watch the movie the way it was originally intended.(or at least that's how i think it was intended. why else would they make it and rearrange some of the scenes) when i was done watching it, i felt like i had watched a completely new jackie chan movie although most of the sequences were the same.

"dragonlord" sees chan returning to his role of "dragon" from "the young master". not much has carried over from the first film though. "tiger", his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; neither is the marshall, his daughter or his son played superbly by yuen biao in the original film. dragon does have the same master though - presumably all the other students have moved on to other things. (dragon's laziness at training is portrayed heavily in this film, so maybe he's still studying!) originally titled "young master in love", this film sees dragon (for the first sixty minutes at least) pursuing a villager girl in various idiotic and slapstick ways. his rival for her affection is his friend (inappropriately named "cowboy") played comically by the longtime chan stunt-team member mars. we see various scenes where their silly schemes backfire. it is one of these scenes that we (thankfully) find "dragon" in over his head.this film is notorious in that it failed expectations at the box office. that said, i'm sure the expectations were pretty high, and i feel that this film has never had a fair judgment based on it's own merits. but even when i try to do this, i still feel that there is a problem with the film. it seems quite unfocused, sometimes rushed, and i think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as chan's other work from this period.the thing that really saves the film is the ending sequence. as in "the young master", there is a fantastic final reel that it full of incredibly exhausting action - you really feel every blow. and again, chan goes up against the same rival from "the young master" (is it the same character?), and the timing and energy here is brilliant. chan's style of using every last bit of his environment to help defeat his opponent - not just relying on pure physical ability - is as apparent here as anywhere else. the barn they fight in is full of clever little prop gags and improvisations. this is an absolute highlight of the film and one of chan's incredible career.it's not necessary to see the prequel before seeing "dragonlord", in fact, it might even raise more questions than what it hopes to answer. but it must be said that the original film is the superior film, and "dragonlord", with it's focus on girl-chasing and team-sports does seem baffling. luckily, the few fight scenes it offers (plus a fantastic shuttle-cock scene) push it over the line as a must-see film in this genre.

this movie is bufoonery! and i loved it! the "dragon lord" (jacky chan) and his buddy, "cowboy", totally made the movie fun, meaningful, and just plain silly. the movie is a rare blend of a good vs. evil fight and (somehow) the wonders and fun that is growing up. long shao ye takes the viewer through the daily activities of the young "dragon lord" (so named because he is the son of a wealthy family) and "cowboy", which include implementing clever, elaborate ways to escape studying (with the help of the entire household, including the tutor), competing in rather boyish (and idiotically interesting) ways to gain the affection of a local girl, competing in "soccer" (you will see what i mean) and the list goes on. somehow they find themselves in the midst of a fight to save the a shipment of valuable antiques and the lives of several people.the movie has its serious moments. but they do not depress, but rather inspire. the playfulness of the boys are not lost in this exchange, but is actually employed against evil. what i really loved about this movie is how it ends. not the typical confrontation (which in itself was awesome), but well, you'll see. let me just say it truly captures the spirit of the movie.silly, witty, meaningful, and nostalgic. great movie.

this film has to be viewed in the right frame of mind. first, the central father-son relationship makes it pretty clear that the film was intended as a prequel to his wong fei hung film "drunken master" (ideas from this film recur in "drunken master ii), and not "young master"; that chan backed away from this plan and renamed the characters indicates that he himself was not convinced the material was coming together properly; and, indeed, the film conveys a sense of being incomplete; for instance, the romantic relationship around which half the plot turns is left utterly hanging at the end of the film. "young master", from the same period, also feels underdone, but at least all its central threads are tied together at the end. this film feels as though chan wrestled with the plot and characters trying to find his central theme, only to abandon the effort, possibly due to time and budget.or perhaps the film is simply over-ambitious. this is an important turning point film in chan's career, because he commits himself to development of the central character above all other concerns - which is why there's such a lack of kung fu throughout the film. chan wants to make an historical romantic comedy that just happens to have kung fu in it. but both the historical element and the romantic element come across as little more than plot-twists.that leaves us with the comedy. since chan's concern is character-development, the comedy is largely character driven - as in the conflict between chan's character and his best friend, an argument over a girl. but there's plenty of slapstick as well. frankly, i find the comedy amusing enough to forgive the incompleteness of the plot.this film represents an effort on chan's part to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. it doesn't quite work, and chan would only find that formula after abandoning the historical elements of his earlier films, with the making of the contemporary action comedy "police story". but going back to view this film is still very informative as to how chan worked his way through the historical genre, and perhaps why he abandoned it.

witty and disgusting. brash and intelligent. baseketball redefines comedy/sports with a pot spoof of an easy target. makes other so called comedies like dead boring. one of the best of all time! trey parker and matt stone play their roles as losers with apt perfection.

a comedy of epically funny proportions from the guys that brought you south park, and most of the guys from orgazmo. this vulgur, obscence movie has utterly disgusting, eggotistical, and satirical content. it portrays incredibly cruel treatment of humans and animals. i love it!!!!! this is some funny stuff. really funny. two loser friends create a game in thier driveway, which explodes into a national sensation. corruption and greed and blackmail turn the sport sour, and its up ta coop ta fix it. and along the way, you will laugh. alot. that's all there is. enjoy!!!!

it was a saturday night and a movie called baseketball was on tv. i had always wanted to watch it but never got around to it when it was in the cinema. boy was i mistaken. words cannot describe how funny this film is, starring the creators of south park, who share a natural on screen chemistry when being funny. i taped the replay the next day and exactly one week after watching it for the first time, i have seen it 7 times!!. im obsessed with it, and i know anyone who appreciates trey and matts work will appreciate this movie. a must see, this is my #1 comedy of all time

well the main reason i tuned in to watch this film is because it was done by trey parker and matt stone of south park fame. however as soon as the film started the laughs started erupting from my belly. from the subtle gestures towards a joke, to the blatant toilet humour throughout, along with a constant reliance on some very witty innuendo. this film could ruin event he sternest mans poker face, let alone his poker underwear. some of the funniest blink and you'll miss it jokes ever portrayed in hollywood, along with constant critique of themselves thrown into the bargain.i just goes to show that not only is trey parker adept at writing he's not too shabby at the old acting game either. i was surprised with the amount that i was absorbed in this film. however i'm quite worried that it is not available to buy over the internet, here in the uk. sort it out boys!i am, and will continue to show it to all my friends annoyingly pointing out the funny bits, and occasionally snorting into my lager. all in all an excellent film if you are a fan of unnecessary comedy. however if you have no sense of humour about silly or rude things steer well clear! however i'm sure the inclusion of jenny mccarthy and jasmine bleeth could have you gurgling past those prejudices.

this is the only david zucker movie that does not spoof anything the first of its kind. the funniest movie of 98 with night at the roxbury right behind but i did not think theres something about mary was funny so that doesnt count except for the frank and beans thing he he. dont listen to the critics especially roger ebert he does not know solid entertainment just look at his reviews.anyway see it you wont be dissapionted

parker and stone transplant their pacy expletive-ridden humour from their animated masterpiece to a feature length live action film with generally good results. much of the film is trey and matt running amok with their new toy box. the plot is simplicity itself: two average guys invent a new sport, a blend of driveway basketball with baseball scoring which becomes a national craze. along the way they encounter numerous sporting movie cliches and send them up, along with any other bit of popular culture that comes into their sights. it runs like a stretched south park episode, with the usual machine-gun dialogue, toilet humour and homilies from the heart.if this film has a weakness it is the association with the team that gave us "airplane" and the "naked gun" series. this influence is clearly seen with the heavy use of lame sight gags and the presence of a glossy and rather two-dimensional yasmine bleeth in the role usually given to priscilla presley. robert vaughn does a little better playing the corporate b**tard that has been his party piece ever since "bullitt" and ernest borgnine overacts as only he can, but one must admit he's perfect for the role of the lunatic team owner.for those who haven't noticed yet, parker and stone seem to be more comfortable as rock star wannabes than comics. this manifests in the prominence given to the soundtrack in just about everything they create. as usual, they give a good selection here including the obligatory track by their own ultra-non-pc vehicle dvda.a special mention must go to dian bachar, who deserves some sort of award for enduring the difficult job of playing stan to parker and stone's rampaging pair of cartmans.in summary, this is an entertaining comedy which is held back from its full potential by too much reliance on the "naked gun/airplane" formula. parker and stone could do something truly brilliant (or absolutely awful) if given full control over a future film. america, either lock these guys up or put them in charge.

the creators of south park in their own film here, this is a brilliant film with a huge entertainment factor. if you like naked gun films and are not young and not too mature or serious on your humor, you'll love this.

baseketball is an extremely funny movie that delivers acting that generally makes the movie alot funnier,comedy material that is more than crap in your pants funny,and a pretty good plot despite the fact that its the classic slackers v.s the evil rich guy.the one and only thing i didnt like about baseketball,was that that kid wasnt really needed in the movie,but,if the kid wasnt in the movie,some of the funny scenes wouldnt have existed.if you have read any pro reviews about this movie,exclude them all because basically all the reviewers didnt like this film.baseketball is a great comedy that gives everyone what they want.8 out of 10.

very possibly one of the funniest movies in the world. oscar material. trey parker and matt stone are hilarious and before you see this i suggest you see "south park" one of the funniest cartoons created. buy it, you will laugh every time you see it. pure stroke of genius. if you don't think its funny then you have no soul or sense of humor. 10 out of 10.

baseketball is awesome! it's hilarious and so damned funny that you will wet your pants laughing. i have seen it so many times i have stopped counting. but everytime it gets funnier.trust me on this one...baseketball is a surefire hit and i loved it and will continue to love it. i hope one day there will be a special edition dvd brought out!!!ten thumbs up!!!

ernest borgnine was so wasted in this movie.there was no point in putting this great actor in this movie.one of the greatest actors in the world wasted,and for what reason, none what so ever,so america if you want to put classic actors in movies don't waste them

sometimes i just want to laugh. don't you? no analyzing, no critiquing and no looking for deeper meaning. rent this movie, watch it all and laugh your ass off. don't want to admit you liked it? fine. but don't trash it here when you and i both know you liked it. it's damn funny!

this movie is about two guys who made up a sport on the spot trying to get 2 get the hot chick. baseketball becomes a nationwide sport. joe cooper (trey parker) is the beloved captain, but is hated when he loses the nba to some other rival team. he meets the girl of his dreams yasmine bleeth, and in the end they kiss. the first time i saw this movie i wet my pants it was so funny. a definite must see for all comedy fans. if you love south park you'll love this! maybe don't watch with kids it is bit inappropriate for little dudes. some duds give it 6 1/2 out of ten, i give it 11 out of ten. i like coop he rocks i gotta go bye bye thanks for reading this

i thought that baseketball was one of the most funniest films i have ever seen! it's witty humour made me giggle all the way through, and the fact that trey and matt are so over the top, boosts the film's comedy. i have just bought baseketball on dvd and its just one of those movies where you would never get tired of watching it. i have a very short attention span and i think this film has so any funny bits that it keeps me entertained throughout. the humorous quotes are memorable, and can make me laugh for hours if i remember them later..so overall i think that baseketball is brilliant movie which everyone should go see, especially if you're younger like me as it will keep you laughing for a long time afterwards. p.s does anybody think its weird for me to like them both? hehe

i found this movie to be very funny, i loved how it made of the politics of modern day sports. this movie is not as funny as south park but it is pretty funny. and since i am a sports fan i loved how they made fun some of the more ridiculous things in sports. this movie is great for non sports lovers too, probably better for them actually since they have to go through life wondering why people follow sports so closing when there are so many insane rules and intricacies to sports and the fact that it means absolutely nothing. i also found the actual game they came up with to be interesting, it is sort of like horse with bases and psyche outs (for the person shooting). overall i highly recommend you see this movie, and believe that you will end up loving this movie. however if this style of comedy is not your favorite you probably won't like it. (but that is with any comedy movie)

i must admit i am a big fan of south park and was expecting basketball to be funny but nowhere near as good as it turned out to be! i think this is what happens when you mix david zucker, matt stone, and trey parker together. this movie has so much replay value and at no point bothers to take itself seriously. the slap stick style humor mixed with stone and parker just works flawlessly. the kind of humor present in basketball was not popular upon the time of it's release and had it come out today it would be a hit. don't bother trying to be critical, just leave your brain at the door and expect endless laughs to come. recommended to anyone with a good sense of humor.

here is one movie that is genuinely funny at every single moment that it covers. how can it not be given that this movie stars the creators of south park and is directed by david zucker? when i first saw this movie, i did'nt immediately realise that coop and doug were really matt and trey but their talent in acting and writing came out as quite impressive. i was pleasantly surprised to learn that they were really matt and trey, later on. the humor is sometimes crude, sometimes foul, sometimes brilliant, sometimes subtle, sometimes loud and sometimes stupid but overall, this is one hell of a movie that is without doubt, under rated. well actually, its insane. totally insane.

this film is excellently paced, you never have to wait for a belly laugh to come up for more than about a minute and there's much more going on than the initial premise of the film. throughout it there are mockeries of the traditional schmaltzy local-boys-done-good-overcoming-adversity genre of which this parodies. don't let anyone tell you that they're trying to get cheap laughs just by using obscenities;- sure, there's plenty of that but it's all contextual, not gratuitous. i loved this film and it only cost me £2.99 on dvd , so in terms of entertainment value for money, it has been the best film i've seen this year.

trey parker and matt stone, the creators of the show 'south park' , return with something entirely different.they create a new sport that combines baseball and basketball.this sport is known as baseketball.it's like basketball except that the rules of baseball are involved and there's another letter e in the title.here's how you play: you just shoot the ball while these two guys try to distract you from making the shot.sounds simple.in fact, i might try it one day.after the game hits the streets, it soon becomes a huge success.who would've known that 2 immature friends could invent a sport that became so successful?my opinion'baseketball' is a very crude and silly spoof filled with lots of slapstick violence, yet it actually delivers some laughs and plenty of entertainment.a definite recommendation for those of you who like slapstick and rude humor.

for a comedy this has a decent and inventive plot and trey parker and matt stone's comic timing is perfect. there are dozens of funny moments to this fantastic movie. i especially like the multitude of colors and the way the clash in the sports arena scenes. robert stacks unsolved mysteries spoof is also very amusing.

there are so many words i want to use to describe this movie, but can't really do that can i? this movie is a movie to watch if you just want to sit, laugh, cry and then pee. i'm serious. don't watch this movie if you're easily offended by profanity, sex, nudity, homosexuality...and everything else associated with nature. being a woman, and that might not even be a factor, i can watch this movie over and over again. trey parker and matt stone are absolutely brilliant. along with all their other debuts, i think baseketball is the prize winner. i'm laughing now just thinking about some of the stupid things they do in the movie. watch the movie!! that's all i'm going to say. it's sort of hard for me to leave this comment because i'm one of those people, like ozzy osbourne, who has a curse word in almost every line that blurts out of their mouth when they speak. so i'm keeping it professional. best movie. heck yeah!!

baseketball is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen. it is an off-the-wall movie starring south park creators matt stone and trey parker.they play two slacker friends who create a sport in their driveway which goes on to become a national sensation. most of the gags are indeed hilarious but the funniest parts of the movie is when players attempt to "psyche-out" other members of the opposing team. there is no rule about what is not allowed, so naturally they do the craziest things possible. one flaw of this movie is that the pace is way too fast, and after watching for about half an hour i found myself asking "wow this this over already?" another hilarious part of the movie was how joe and doug continuously harass squeak, who is a hyped-up little guy. baseketball is a comedic classic with some very quotable lines, and it is very fun to watch!

there really isn't much to say about this movie....it's crude, but fun.plot outline (from imdb)_____________________________________two losers from milwaukee, coop & remer (parker & stone), invent a new game playing basketball, using baseball rules. when the game becomes a huge success, they, along with a billionaire's help, form the professional baseketball league where everyone gets the same pay and no team can change cities. coop & remer's team, the milwaukee beers is the only team standing in the way of major rule changes that the owner of the dallas felons (vaughn) wants to institute._____________________________________the acting is pretty good, since there arn't many big stars in this movie. although i am not a big fan of 'southpark', parker and stone do a pretty good job in their first real movie. there are so many funny moments in this movie i can't come close to naming them all. it never really lets up, and they don't try to put some cruddy drama in to make it more serious. and my favorite aspect of this movie: the soundtrack. it's great. i especially like "take me on" and "beer" by reel big fish. very underrated.overall, a crude, but extremely funny, movie. 10/10james "black wolf" johnston

this movie is just funny. mindless, but funny. to enjoy this movie completely you can't have a perception of how a film like this goes and just enjoy all the side jokes and puns which are involved with the film. i still find the bit at the start funny when he says "want a beer........cock". funny stuff. but what makes the film decent is the fact that it doesn't try to hard to create a serious spin on the film, too many comedies try to have serious aspects which you just don't believe. but this is different and just focuses on being funny. i must say though, yasmin bleeth is terrible in the film and adds nothing but the 3 main guys, coop, remer and squeak are very funny to watch and make the film great to watch

why the crap is this movie rated so low?! i've seen this movie over 25 times, i know every line to this movie. it's obvious that i love this movie. trey parker and matt stone (creators of south park and the new puppet masterpiece team america) star as the main characters joe cooper, or coop "airman" cooper, and doug remer, or "sir swish." mainly they're just referred to as coop and remer throughout the movie. right as the movie starts it reminds us of the money hungry corrupt world of overpaid sports starts, they even go as far as to make one up called "townsell." i must quote this portion of the movie since it is true with some sports starts: "and after playing for new england, san diego, huston, saint louis, a year for the toronto arganauts, plus one season as a greater at the desert inn i'm happy to finally play here in the fine city of miami." his agent leans over: "minnesota." let us not forget this important piece of the movie. so it starts that coop and remer are at a high school reunion party and realize they are still nothing as they talk to their old classmates. outside they create the sport baseketball after being challenged by what probably was high school basketball heroes. after shaming them the sport goes pro in about a year. during this time they manage to recruit their third team mate squeak, which is actually a day after they invent the game. as the movie follows we find out that coop, remer, and squeak are the only virtuous sports heroes left. the story follows with zany blackmail, the milwaukee beers cheerleaders, and humor so absurd it'll leave you crying for more. watch it dude, it's hilarious.

i thoroughly enjoyed this flick. i am of the firm belief that matt stone and trey parker are comic geniuses of our time. they have the uncanny ability to add this level of absurdity to pop culture and make it rediculous but in a realistic way ...if that makes any sense. this is mainly what makes south park soooo funny. once you get past the fact that it is probably the most vulgar and indiscreet cartoon ever, you see in every episode the message that is being conveyed. that is apparent in baseketball. although it is directed by david zucker and is utterly rediculous, it has a sincere message about corporate america and the disgrace that is major league sports. i am also a fan of sports so i find this movie hilarious at times because it is so true in that bizarre way that people hate to love. the opening prologue is brilliant...tears from laughter form everytime i see those football players begin riverdance! some may not like this movie because it's just not everyone's cup of tea...but, just like south park, once you look past the absurdity...it has a really genuine message that is conveyed through literal comic genius. i gave this movie 8 out of 10 stars.

baseketball is indeed a really funny movie. david zucker manages to make us all laugh our heads off again, in a really silly, but many times smart, comedy.the 2 creators of south park, the main actors in this film, play very good, surprisingly good actually, but this is the first time i see them as actors. the movie oftenly reminded me of south park - one of my fav shows.it's a really good and funny film, so don't miss it.vote: 7.5 out of 10.

david zucker has directed one of the most enjoyable comedies of the year with this goofy farce. yes, it's a matter of acquired taste and depends upon a wealth of sophomoric gags, but it is consistently funny throughout unlike some recent comedic efforts. the film is loaded with all kinds of jokes ranging from the blatantly obvious to the more subtler kind that you must pay attention to everything in the frame or you'll likely miss them. like his previous efforts which include "airplane!", "top secret!", and "naked gun," the humor flies out almost every second. there are so many moments that work, it's easy to overlook the few that fall flat. what sets this movie apart from other pale imitations in the spoof genre is that it has an actual story line. while others have depended upon making fun of too many famous scenes in almost random movies (take "mafia!", please), this film tells a new story with likable characters. it touches upon sports films in general as well as satirizing the real sports industry instead of lampooning any specific movies. even for people who don't care for "south park," its creators, matt stone and trey parker, make a good pair of leading actors with natural chemistry. the film also makes extremely effective use of cameos of athletes, sports announcers, and other celebrities, especially a hilarious bit with robert stack of "unsolved mysteries." by the way, stay through the credits for a final joke with bob costas and al michaels. all in all, zucker has achieved, in words perhaps applying to the movie's mix of sports, a home dunk.

this wrestlemania just didn't do it for me. while some things, such as the battle royal and involvement of celebrities were a throwback to the good old days, so to speak, it seemed to be more of a highbrow "in your house" than anything else. above average...worth it for several matches such as the tag team title match, although worthy of note is that the title change meant nothing, as it was reversed the next night.

any true wrestling fan would have to consider this wrestlemania to be one of, if not the best of all time. it was packed with excitement and surprises. one of the greatest matches of all time was between shawn michaels and steve austin with special guest ref mike tyson. the show that michaels put on was unbelievable, especially considering the shape that his back was in and that this was his last match.

wrestlemania 14 is not often looked as one of the great wrestlemania's but i would personally put it, in my top 5, if not the top 3. it has so many great things, and it truly signified the birth of the attitude era, which was wwe's best era, in my opinion. hbk has the heart of a lion, and him putting over austin like he did, on his way out, was pure class on his part. it has one of the hottest crowds you will ever see, and it has j.r and the king at their announcing best!. matches.15 – team battle royal loud pop for l.o.d's return. i'm not a fan of battle royal's, and this is yet another average one. very predictable, even when you 1st see it, it's obvious l.o.d would win. looking at sunny for 8 or so minutes though, definitely helps. 2/5wwf light heavyweight championshiptaka michinoku|c| vs aguila.taka gets a surprising pop, with his entrance. fast, high-flying, and very exciting. if these two had more time, they would have surely tore the roof off, with their stuff. taka wins with the michinoku driver.3 1/2 /5wwf european championship.triple h|c| vs owen hart stipulation here, is chyna is handcuffed to slaughter. nice pop for owen, mixed reaction for trips. a really, really underrated match, that ranks among one of my favorites for wrestlemania, actually. the two mixed together very well, and owen can go with anybody. trips wins, with chyna interference.4/5mixed tag match. marc mero&sable vs goldust&luna. defining pop for sable, unheard of that time, for woman. sable actually looks hot, and the crowd is just eating her up!. constant sable chants, and them erupting almost every time she gets in the ring. not bad for a mixed tag match, it had entertaining antics, and passed the time well. sable's team wins, when sable hits the tko.2 1/2 /5wwf intercontinental championship. ken shamrock vs the rock|c|. before i review the match, i'd like to note the rock showed off his immense potential, with his interview with jennifer flowers, before his match. nice pop for shamrock, big time heat for the rock. too disappointingly short, and i thought the ending was kinda stupid, though shamrock's snapping antics were awesome to see, and the crowd went nuts for it. rock keeps the title, when the ref reverses the decision.2/5dumpster match, for the wwf tag team championshipcatcus jack&terry funk vs the new age outlaws. the outlaws are not as over, as they were gonna be at this time. crowd is actually somewhat dead for this, but i thought it had some great hardcore bits, with some sick looking bumps. cactus and terry win the titles in the end.3/5the undertaker vs kane. big time ovation, for the undertaker. much better than there outing at wrestlemania 20, and for a big man vs big man match, this was really good. it was a great all out brawl, with the undertaker taking a sick looking bump, through the table. wwe was smart, by making kane looking strong, even through defeat. after 2 tombstone kick out's, taker finally puts him away, with a 3rd one.3 1/2 /5wwf championship. special guest enforcer "mike tyson"hbk|c| vs steve austin. big heat for tyson. crowd goes ape sh*t for austin, definitely one of the biggest pops i have heard. mixed reaction, for hbk. this is truly a special match up, one of the greatest wrestlemania main events in history, you can tell when j.r is even out of breath. hbk gives it his all, in what was supposed to be his last match, and austin has rarely been better. the animosity and electricity from the crowd is amazing, and it's as exciting as it gets. austin wins with the stunner, with tyson joining 3:16 by knocking out michaels. austin's celebratory victory, is a wonder to behold, with one of the nosiest crowd's you will ever see, king said it right, they were going nuts.5/5bottom line. wrestlemania 14 is one of the greatest for real. it has everything you want in a wrestlemania, and truly kick started the attitude era. this is very special to me, because it was the 1st wrestlemania i ever saw, back in 98. "the austin era, has begun!"9 1/2 /10

wwe was in need of a saviour as wrestlemania 14 rolled around. the departure of bret hart and subsequent evaporation of the hart foundation had left the vile d-generation x stable unchallenged in the wwe. their despicable leader shawn michaels had stolen the title from hart thanks to the interference of vince mcmahon and, with help from his cohorts triple h and chyna had systematically taken out anyone who challenged his supremacy. but at the royal rumble a new contender had emerged. stone cold steve austin. hated by mcmahonagement, austin had dx worried. so worried in fact that they'd enlisted the help of "the baddest man on the planet" mike tyson as a special enforcer. austin would have the odds firmly against him in his title match with shawn michaels.but first, there was an undercard to get through which kicked off with the legion of doom winning a forgettable 15 team battle royal to become no.1 contenders for the tag titles. i'd actually forgotten this match existed until i rewatched the ppv. no very good and really highlighted the lack of depth in the tag division at that period in time.next match saw the light heavyweight title defended by champion taka michonoku against aguila. the wwe had established the light heavyweight title to compete with the strong cruiserweight division in wcw. it was not successful and this was the only time the title was ever defended at wrestlemania. short match, going about five minutes, and in fact too short for much to be achieved. what little they did was exciting and this was a nice little match which saw taka retaining his title.ok, our next match saw dx member triple h defending the wwe european title, which he'd won in farcical fashion from shawn michaels on raw in december and hadn't defended on ppv, against owen hart, the sole survivor. triple h got a big entrance with the dx band there to perform his theme song. chyna accompanied triple h to ringside, but was then handcuffed to wwe commissioner sgt slaughter. triple h and owen have a nice little match, before chyna interfered causing a low blow on hart which leads to triple h retaining the title. good match, could have been great had it gone slightly longer.but of course we wouldn't want to take time away from our next match which saw real life husband and wife marc mero and sable defeat goldust and luna vachon in the first mixed tag match at wrestlemania in 8 years. and, in all honesty, it wasn't worth the wait. while not terrible, the match was in no way memorable either. this was the nearing the end of mero's only run in the wwe and the main purpose was to continue the disintegration of his relationship with sable.next up we saw ken shamrock flip out and cost himself the intercontinental championship as he destroyed ic champion the rock, but then refused to let go of his ankle lock submission hold, resulting in the referee reversing his decision. this was a short match, but decent for what it was.next saw the first good match of the night as wwe tag team champions the new age outlaws lost their titles to cactus jack and chainsaw charlie in a fun dumpster match. the decision was overturned the following night as cactus and chainsaw had thrown the outlaws into a dumpster backstage, rather than the one being used in the match, but this was still a fun match.now it was time for the highly anticipated first ever meeting between kane and his brother the undertaker. kane had cost undertaker the wwe championship at the royal rumble and then "killed" him when he helped shawn michaels lock undertaker in a casket and set him on fire as revenge for the undertaker burning down their parents house and leaving him horribly disfigured years before. this was a decent match and told a nice story as the underataker absorbed everything kane could throw at him and then knocked him out with three tombstones to end the match.this left only the main event which saw wwe champion face steve austin with mike tyson as the guest enforcer. michaels had suffered a debilitating back injury in his match with the undertaker at the royal rumble and was remarkable in this match despite his physical limitations. triple h and chyna were banished to the back in the early going after interfering from the outside. the match ended with austin ducking an attempt at sweet chin music and hitting the stone cold stunner with the ref down. tyson then came into the ring to count the three, celebrating the win with austin and then knocking out michaels after the match. it turned out tyson and austin were together and the cat had been playing with the mouse all along.that was the final ppv match for shawn michaels for four and a half years. it helped establish austin as the biggest star in the wrestling business and the mainstream publicity garnered by tyson's appearance proved a crucial turning point in the wwe's battle with wcw. austin would go on to become the biggest star in wwe history, and along with the rock, mick foley, the undertaker and triple h lead the wwe through the period where they would gain their highest level of cultural relevance. and it all started here at wrestlemania 14.

i just saw this movie the other day when i rented it, and i thought this was going to be just another movie with a girl trying to prove a point, but diane joined boxing because she wanted to. i thought this movie was good. i gave it a 8/10. that's how good it is. plus a movie with michelle rodriguez is always good. even is she's been in only six.

i never bothered to see this movie in theaters although i remember hearing the name over and over. i finally watched it this week and what a delight. for some reason, i was expecting it to not be very good so i was completely surprised when i sat down and stuck with it and then found myself completely pulled in. i read a lot of the other user comments and it impressed me how much people talk about her fighting in the ring, but what was wonderful about diana is that she's a true fighter in life. all she needs to do is find her place where she be who she is and the ring helps her to get there. a very intelligent story and i'm amazed that this is the first time up for michelle rodriguez - what an excellent job she did. adrian and her coach were also quite good.this film is a little rough around the edges, but it doesn't matter in the slightest. the story, the will, and the performances completely outweigh any flaws (that usually come with indie filmmaking anyway). a compelling portrayal of a girl finding herself and triumphing over her circumstances and a k.o. for michelle rodriguez!

another powerful chick flick. this time, it revolves around diana gusman who is always getting into fights at school. instead of getting expelled, she takes her anger elsewhere, to the boxing ring. she trains to be a boxer and there she meets featherweight adrian and begins to fall in love with him. this movie has a powerful message of taking your dreams and going with them even if someone doesn't believe in you (in this case, her dad doesn't believe in her). that alone makes the movie worth the price. enjoy

michelle rodriguez plays diana, a high school girl with an insolent scowl and 2 x 4 on her shoulder. she's ready to battle anyone, especially her father who is paying for her brother's boxing lessons. diana decides boxing would be a good way of focusing her anger.i liked the relationship between diana and adrian. santiago douglas as adrian is excellent. watch how their emotions towards each other are shaped by the squared circle.

michelle rodrigez was made for this movie, when i first saw her in fast and the furious. you could tell that she was a tough woman. with this movie, she has not only proven her acting, but shows no fear and is tough like she should be in this movie. she is more a bad girl and that's what i like about her. this movie is about a troubled girl, living the life as a tom boy and getting in constant trouble with school and family. as she gets interested in her brothers training to be a boxer, she decides to go after her love to fight and asks her brothers trainer to train her. even though they don't think she has the potential, they get to be shown proven wrong. i think this movie was a little slow at the ending, but was well done. it shows, that people can do anything even if they don't think you have the potential. i recommend it to be seen.

this movie has made me want to become a director, and michelle rodriguez is brilliant. how the hell wasn't she on mtv's top 25 under 25, she beats them all. this film definitely deserved the grand jury prize at sundance, best film i have ever seen.

i finally sat down and saw this film the whole way through, and i must say, i was very impressed. michelle rodriguez is probably one of my new favorite actresses---it's not only the fact that she *can* act, but that she chooses the roles best suited to her that are more meaningful and important than what would first seem. i've read a few comments expressing their relief that this was not some awful feminist thing as they thought beforehand, but i certainly disagree. diana is a feminist. she follows her dreams and believes in herself contrary to what practically everyone around her thinks (with the exception of her caring brother tiny and her trainer and manager, hector, who proves to be more a father figure than her real parent), which is what the word "feminism" is all about. it's good to see films like this showcasing the true side of feminism--that they're not a bunch of manhating losers--but that they have dreams and can do anything. diana is true to herself while still falling prey to love, and she and adrian have a more realistic, complicated relationship rather than just something that magically works out. girlfight is a true taste of reality and it put some faith back into my perception of people. thanks, michelle.8/10 - a very important movie that's relatable to not just young women, but everyone wanting to go far in their lives.

(spoilers)i was blown away by this movie. i've been renting on movielink for a bit, and decided to check this movie out. alot of boxing movies seem to overblow the blood. in this movie, it shows it at the amature level. though i do wish that perhaps more attention would have been brought to perhaps her improving her grades. the movie points out the problems some families face with gender.i was a bit concerned with the ending. but the ending wasn't a disappointment either.i think it was pretty clear by the title that she'd win. what was unexpected was that the two of them got back together sort of at the end.loved the score for some of the scenes. highly recommended.10/10quality: 9/10entertainment: 10/10replayable: 10/10

being a person who does not usually enjoy boxing movies, feeling they only focus on the boxing and not the characters themselves, this movie truly moved me. i loved being able to see the main character diana(michelle rodriguez) go through so many things in such a short while, it was amazing to me. michelle (rodriguez) did such a wonderful job playing diana especially since this was her first acting experience, she showed true emotion and portrayed diana wonderfully. all actors had chemistry on screen and made this movie even more amazing. i highly recommend this movie even to those who do not usually watch boxing movies. 10/10

this movie is a real gem. the arc of the the plot is defined in the first 3 minutes, the characters are sympathetic and clearly drawn, their motives completely believable. the dialogue is fresh, and oh so real. the situations are unique to the characters and not at all cliched or hackneyed. until the climax, that is. then it's as if the movie went off the rails a bit and it got a bit hokey and unbelievable. but i don't want to discourage people from watching this film. the first 3/4's of it are truly remarkable. i gave it an 8. there are some remarkable performances here. check out this movie.

at first glance i expected this film to be crappy because i thought the plot would be so excessively feminist. but i was wrong. as you maybe have read in earlier published comments, i agree in that the feminist part in this film does not bother. i never had the idea that the main character was exaggerating her position as a woman. it's like guzman is presented as somebody with a spine, this in contrast to her classmates. so i was surprised by the story, in fact, i thought it was quite good, except for the predictable end. maybe it would've been a better idea to give the plot a radical twist, so that the viewer is somewhat more surprised.in addition, i'd like to say that rodriguez earned her respect by the way she put away her character. i can't really explain why, but especially in the love scenes she convinced me. it just looked real i think.i gave it a 7 out of 10, merely because of the dull last half hour.

michelle rodriguez is the defining actress who could be the charging force for other actresses to look out for. she has the audacity to place herself in a rarely seen tough-girl role very early in her career (and pull it off), which is a feat that should be recognized. although her later films pigeonhole her to that same role, this film was made for her ruggedness.her character is a romanticized student/fighter/lover, struggling to overcome her disenchanted existence in the projects, which is a little overdone in film...but not by a girl. that aspect of this film isn't very original, but the story goes in depth when the heated relationships that this girl has to deal with come to a boil and her primal rage takes over.i haven't seen an actress take such an aggressive stance in movie-making yet, and i'm glad that she's getting that original twist out there in hollywood. this film got a 7 from me because of the average story of ghetto youth, but it has such a great actress portraying a rarely-seen role in a minimal budget movie. great work.

while the story of a troubled kid turning to boxing for self-respect and anger management is hardly a new thing, the story is given a fresh twist here when the protagonist is a girl instead of a boy.diana has trouble at school. she just can't stay away from fighting. at home her father is constantly putting her down. her brother trains boxing at a gym and one day when she picks him up she decides she also wants to train.it would be easy to call this movie a "rocky with girls" i guess. but that is not at all what this is about. the story actually benefits very much from the main character being a girl rather than a boy. that way you can deal with more problems at once. first the problem of her not being accepted because she's not a girlie-girl, and then when she comes to the boxing gym because she's a girl at all. it's also a story about how a purpose can change someones life. how positive things can make you grow. i don't want this to sound pretentious, because the movie doesn't feel pretentious at all, but what i'm saying is true.also michelle rodriguez is very good in the lead. it's a shame really that she has become stuck in the "tough girl" typecasting now, because that's really not what her part in "girlfight" is all about. sure she's a female boxer, but rather it's the more sensitive moments that really makes her shine.so maybe this is basically your average underdog story with a twist, but it's lifted way above the crowd by rodriguez' performance. i rate this 7/10.

"girlfight" is much more of a coming-of-age-story than it is a fight flick. and what a relief to have one in an urban school, with naturalistic, realistic latinos and believable use of brooklyn project settings. it made me realize that virtually all hollywood high school movies are set in luxurious suburbia or small towns. (even the somewhat comparable "love and basketball" which focused on teen african-americans was set in suburbia.) while these kids share some of the same peer problems, those issues shrink compared to the other struggles of these kids, where high school graduation could be the major accomplishment of their lives.the feminist element here is riveting in its originality, as you hold your breath to see if she can have a relationship--and a victory-- on her terms. a lots of audience sympathy goes to the guy who is challenged to rise to a gender-bending-expectations situation.the movie does drag a bit here and there, but this is no cheap thrills "rocky" fight movie, as the practices and fights have complex outcomes, and all the relationships--especially with fathers and father-figures-- take more center stage than the center ring. there were lots of interesting music credits listed at the end, but i hadn't really noticed the songs.(originally written 10/7/2000)

i think it's a great movie. because you get to see how diana's life at home is. she got so much aggression, and she wants to prove that girls can fight too. i think she and adrian were great actors. because of this movie i am boxing too. it really impressed me. the only negative part i think. is the end. because it's alright between diana and adrian. but you don't get to see how it is at home. and i didn't really like it that you also don't get to see how her father is doing, and her brother. but i think it was a great movie and i think i'm going to watch it a lot more:) i recommend it to anyone, even when you don't like boxing, you get to see a lot more than only boxing. i had a great time watching it.

girlfight is using a well-known formula as someone pointed out, however, i have seen plenty of movies that don't do it this well or that are not this credible. i believe it is in the end easier for a woman to empathize the character and that way feel more touched by the movie.the movie is encouraging both mentally and physically even if your life and environment were completely different and, i think the viewer can still gain a lot by seeing this. although it took me 5 years to start boxing and sports in general, this is the movie that gave me the spark.so the plot is familiar/common. actors are good. but the thoughts that it can spark are what make it above average in my opinion. it made a big impression on me and i know i'm not the only one.

i really enjoyed girl fight. it something i could watch over and over again. the acting was fantastic and i thought michelle rodriguez did a good job in the film. very convincing might i say. the movie is showing how women should stand up for what they want to do in life. she had so much compassion and yet so much hate at the same time. dealing with a ignorant dad didn't really help her much. even though he loved her he was really hateful. her mother died when she was younger and that also put some sadness in the role. the love story was a part that i really enjoyed in the movie also. i felt the passion the y had for one another. then again drama sets in and then its like she is choosing between her boyfriend and her life long dream. i thought it ended just right. it was the kind of ending where you have to decide what happened in the future for them.for all you people who likes a movie based on a sport with a good plot i 'd suggest that you check this one out

so i flipped on the digital subscriber channels one night a couple of years ago and thought i'd pass a half hour watching "girlfight" while waiting for "hart's war" to start. with a title like that i figured it was some exploitation 'b' flic about inner city girl gangs.much to my surprise it wasn't about that at all. instead it is a well acted, well scripted story about a young woman who almost accidentally gets into female boxing. she is responsible for taking her younger brother to his practice sessions and get interested while observing his bouts. as he doesn't really want to be a boxer (only following through on their father's wishes) she convinces his coach to take her on in his stead. the story unfolds in an intelligent and believable way as she goes through various trials on her quest. for starters, her brother's coach doesn't want to take on a female boxer. after grudgingly doing so there is the problem of lining up matches for her. then the confrontation with her father when he finds out what is going on. yes, a love interest develops but it serves to enhance the plot, coming across more of an interesting inter-human reaction with its own fight related consequences.all in all this is a great little sleeper movie that few seem to have heard of. some time later when i saw the much advertised and acclaimed "million dollar baby" i thought "wait a minute, this seems kind of familiar". needless to say, i didn't watch "hart's war" that night.

sports movies have never been my thing, but a small handful of them work for me. the best are the those which focus less on the sport and more on the character, such as raging bull, the wrestler and girlfight. this is a great directorial debut for karyn kusama, and an outstanding first performance for michelle rodriguez. girlfight feels is both realistic and involving, that is enough so to make it a memorable film.the plot is strait forward enough. diana guzman, is in her fourth year of high school, but due to her picking fights in the hallway she is close to expulsion. as a possible means of unleashing her anger, she signs up for boxing lessons at the club where her brother is training (at the wishes of there father).in the course of ninety minutes, we the viewers see something extraordinary. diana almost literally changes from a girl to a woman. we see it in her body as well as her behaviour, especially when one of the boys at the club finds himself drawn to her, and she gets into it. there is not a bad scene or a lame/contrived moment in the film. the only error that i would say could be corrected is that one of the subplots ends on what feels like an unfinished note. aside from that, girlfight is a great movie.

went to wal-mart and found this film on dvd and had no idea whether i made a bad purchase or a good one. it is the later outcome to my viewing the entire film from beginning to end. michelle rodriquez,(diana guzman),"bloodrayne",'05, gave a great performance and her looks are beautiful, sexy, and at the same time a real study in the art of how acting is really performed. diana did not like her home life and especially her own father for the abuse he gave her mother. she decides to get boxing training in a local brooklyn gym and is not really well accepted by the male boxers. in her high school there is plenty of friction between her female classmates and guys. there is lots of action in the ladies bathroom and references as to private parts of guys. if you like boxing, and seeing a hot sexy gal do wonders in the ring and knock the boys on their you know what, this is the film for you.

girlfight is a story about a troubled teen named diana guzman (michelle rodriguez). diana is burdened by her mothers suicide and a sexist father living in a sexist community. a short temper and plenty of things to spark a fire, shes about to get kicked out of school for fighting. her brother, tiny (ray santiago), is training with hector (jaime tirelli) in boxing. diana is told by her dad, sandro (paul calderon), to deliver that weeks payment for tiny's training. while diana is walking through the gym, she realizes thats what she wants to do. she wants to box. diana asks her dad for money to train but he refuses because shes a girl and should do more 'girly' things. all diana wants is to be treated like any other guy. not looked down upon because she is a woman. she steals money from her father to begin training.great movie. genius, pure 'effing' genius. recommend to anybody who needs to see a good clean movie with no 'monkey business'.

i saw this movie after i saw blue crush and other of michelle's movies, i thought she had a bleak future in this business.i was extremely wrong after watching her performance in "girlfight" i was amazed in the way she captures the emotion of one a fighter, but also a warrior.in this movie the way she confronts her father about the treatment of her and her brother, the way she conveys anger when getting hit.her characters learning curve in the movie of she cant always put up a wall and hide from love, or that just because she has power she wont win.i believe this role was fit perfectly for michelle even though she had no prior experience, the director saw talent, i criticize myself for not seeing the talent in her.

michelle rodriguez is a well-built high-school senior who discovers that she has a powerful punch and begins amateur training at a brooklyn gym. santiago douglas is a a handsome young man, barely older than she, who also trains there. they meet after class, so to speak, and feel attracted to each other. no sex. santiago has been instructed to save it for his next bout.both are participants in a "gender-blind" athletic program that makes no distinctions between males and females, a misguided attempt to level the athletic playing field.a conservative radio commentator recently announced -- and i swear i'm not making this up -- "let's face it; the president is black." i'm here to make an equally perspicacious observation -- "men and women are different." now, in 99 cases out of 100, this needn't make any difference in physical performance. but in the top one percent -- trained athletes whose skills have been honed to a fine edge -- men generally have the advantage. with their narrow hips they can run faster. and they have greater muscle mass and upper torso strength. these differences in body build make it possible for women to give birth and raise children and for men to catch and kill food for them. this sexual bifurcation is the result of the perfectly normal process of natural selection. without it, there might not be any humans at all. and that, boys and girls, is why they have men's events and women's events at the olympics. i speak to you as your anthropologist. that will be ten cents, paypal preferred.that's why i called this gender-blind program misguided. as talented a boxer as rodrigues is, as she approaches the zenith of the game, she will eventually lose to a male.that's where the complication arises in this movie. rodrigues is finally matched against her boy friend, douglas. neither wants to loose any anger on the other, not to mention roundhouse rights, but the pride of both is at stake, and the pride is both personal and gender related. douglas refuses to fight a woman in the ring. and rodriguez is offended by what she sees as his patronizing attitude. it ends happily.i wasn't really expecting much from the film. i thought it would be a rip off of clint eastwood's "million dollar baby" until i discovered that this was released years earlier. and i'd never heard of the director or of any of the performers. that sort of obscurity generally augers ill -- made-for-television weepers and so forth.but i was surprised at how neatly this is put together. the total absence of bathos left me open mouthed. so did the minimal use of boxing clichés -- the frayed ropes, the blood, the cutting of the swollen eye, the battered post-bout faces, the fat and sweaty onlooker shouting "kill him!", the slow motion landing of glove on nose, the spray of sweat from the mauled head, the heroic music signaling the long-awaited apotheosis of the victor. none of that here -- well, almost none. the whole plot could be considered formulaic. tough kid finds outlet in the ring, etc.the feeling you're left with is that this is probably pretty much what these amateur contests are like. different from those we see on tv and in ordinary movies. no bells ring, for instance, instead a dancing and observant referee yells "stop!" and "box!" the contestants wear head gear. the gym is populated not by a crowd of cheering spectators, but only by a handful of people who have some particular interest in the goings on. it's a clean movie, despite the rather grim setting and the unhappy family dynamics.michelle rodriguez can look pretty mean, what with her muscular bulk and her eyes glowing under her lowered brow, but once you get used to the idea that this is a girl who can beat you to a pulp anytime she wants, and once you hear the feminine contours of her supersegmentals, she ain't bad. (a scene in which she battles her father to the floor is overdoing it.) it was a little hard to understand douglas's restraint when rodriguez crawls all over him in bed. the director, karyn kusama, has chosen her talent carefully.shows what you can do with some talent, imagination, and a modicum of money. there ought to be more films like it. take one of those multi-billion dollar blockbusters full of dinosaurs or space ships and spread the generosity around a little.

when "girlfight" came out, the reviews praised it, but i didn't get around to seeing it. i finally saw it when it got released on video, and understand the glowing reviews.the movie opens in a high school in the middle of a ghetto. we quickly get introduced to student diana guzman (michelle rodriguez). she has a bad-ass expression on her face, and any idea about diana that we might derive from this expression soon gets corroborated when she gets in a fight. as diana gets in trouble for this, we then meet her father, an aggressive type in his own right; clearly we can't totally blame diana for her attitude.but then the movie really picks up, as a new thought germinates in diana's mind: boxing as a way to escape this grim existence. her older brother has already gotten into boxing, but her father most likely won't approve. only diana herself can decide what to do.just the first few minutes alone identified that i was in for a very gritty, non-hollywood movie, but the brief appearance of john sayles in a supporting role truly affirmed that. even before they get to any boxing scenes, you feel like you're getting pounded in the face at seeing the ugly life that diana lives. and when they finally arrive at the film's main story, there's no turning back.all in all, i definitely recommend this movie. i will admit that using boxing as a means to show someone trying to make something of himself/herself has been sort of a cliché in cinema for many years ("rocky", "million dollar baby"), but i still think that they did a great job with it here. in fact, this may have brought the genre to its apex. really good. too bad that michelle rodriguez wasted herself in hollywood movies after this one.

girlfight is like your grandmother's cooking: same old recipe you've tried a million times before, yet somehow transformed into something fresh and new. try and explain the story to people who haven't seen it before: a young women from the wrong side of the tracks attempts to improve her situation by taking up boxing whilst dealing with a bitter, obstructive father and her growing attraction to a male rival. watch them roll their eyes at the string of clichés, and they're right: it *is* clichéd. yet i was hypnotized by how well this film works, due to the frequently superb acting and dialogue, and sensitive direction that makes it 'new'. i avoided this at the cinema because it looked like complete crap but don't make the same mistake i did. definiately worth a look.

i was not expecting the powerful filmmaking experience of "girlfight". it's an indie; low-budget, no big-name actors, freshman director. i had heard it was good, but not this good.placed in a contemporary, ethnic, working-class brooklyn, karyn kusama has done an extraordinary job of capturing the day-do-day struggles of urban latinos. diana, the protagonist, is seething with anger and lashes out at her high school peers, getting in trouble with the school and her friends. she is being raised by her single father, who appears to love her and her brother, but applies a strict, sex-based double standard on his children. the father's double standard is illustrated by the fact that tiny, the brother, is taking boxing lessons at the local gym, but diana is denied similar pursuits. on an errand to the gym to meet tiny, diana is captivated by boxing. tiny doesn't like boxing, so he and diana trade places; he gets the money from dad then gives it to diana to take the lessons in his place.this is actually a feel-good movie, as diana grows and learns about herself through boxing, meets a guy, and addresses some very serious issues head-on. there's no giggly, 'everything that can go right does go right' resolution a la "bend it like beckham". the reality and attendant personal issues are too big for pat resolutions, but in my opinion, "girlfight" is a better and more satisfying film for it.

casting unknown michelle rodriguez as diana was a stroke of genius. she's perfect. her acting inexperience actually works in her favor. we've never seen her before so it really feels like her story. she also brings across genuine toughness. this works against her though, because we never doubt her. you never have to cheer for her to win because she never goes up against any fighter we don't think she can beat. so as a boxing movie, it fails.then again, this isn't really a boxing movie. how do you make a movie about a girl who wants to be a boxer that isn't a boxing movie? you don't. but karyn kusama has anyway. like many indie films, "girlfight" defies classification or genre and stands on its own as folklore that could darn near happen in real life.diana is doing poorly in school. she beats up people she doesn't like (all the other girls in her school for example). she doesn't fit in. her father is forcing her kid brother tiny to learn to box so he can defend himself when things get tough. he gives tiny money for his boxing sessions and gives diana nothing, as if she has no need to defend herself, nor anything worthwhile to make of her life. tiny wants to go to art school (cliche', yuck), so he gives up his boxing allowance to diana, who actually wants to box. things get complicated when diana falls for another boxer, adrian (santiago douglas), who's looking to turn pro. from there the story winds down toward the inevitable...the two meet in the amateur title fight.what left me cold was that i never found any of this all that interesting. it's all just a bit too believable. kids with tough lives growing up in rough urban areas fall back on sports. a lot of professional boxers have risen from these circumstances. the mental and physical toughness this upbringing requires lends itself to a game like boxing, where anger is your friend. so this time it's a girl. big deal.or there's another position to take: finally, a boxing movie about a girl. women's boxing has been around a long time. the brutality we usually see in boxing films is replaced here by discussions of people's their lives and their feelings. the whole fighting thing is used as a platform from which to paint a larger picture. respect. overcoming adversity. self-discovery.i recommend "girlfight" because it has a good spirit and is an example of some great work by a first time director. the dialogue never rises above soap opera quality, but the story itself actually changed my view on some things. yes, the world now seems like a better place. a film did that.grade: b-

"girlfight" follows a project dwelling new york high school girl from a sense of futility into the world of amateur boxing where she finds self esteem, purpose, and much more. although the film is not about boxing, boxing is all about the film. so much so you can almost smell the sweat. technically and artistically a good shoot with an sense of honesty and reality about it, "girlfight" is no chick flick and no "rocky". it is, rather, a very human drama which even viewers who don't know boxing will be able to connect with.

the first step to getting off of that road that leads to nowhere is recognizing that you're on it in the first place; then it becomes a matter of being assertive and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that may have put you on that road to begin with. which is exactly what a young latino girl does in `girlfight,' written and directed by karyn kusama. diana (michelle rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school senior from the projects in brooklyn, facing expulsion after her fourth fight in the halls since the beginning of the semester. she affects a `whatever' attitude which masks a deep-seated anger that threatens to take her into places she'd rather not go. she lives with her father, sandro (paul calderon), with whom she has a very tentative relationship, and her younger brother, tiny (ray santiago). with her life teetering on the brink of dissolution, she desperately needs an outlet through which to channel the demons that plague her. and one day she finds it, without even looking for it, when she stops by the gym where tiny trains. ironically, tiny wants nothing to do with boxing; he wants to go to art school, but sandro is determined that his son should be able to take care of himself on the streets, and pays the ten dollars a week it costs for his lessons. when diana convinces tiny's trainer, hector (jaime tirelli), to take her on, and approaches her father for the money, under the guise of calling it a weekly allowance (she doesn't want him to know what she wants the money for), sandro turns her down and tells her to go out and earn her own money. ultimately, with tiny's help she finds a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. it's an environment to which she readily adapts, and it appears that her life is about to take a turn for the better. and the fact that she will have to fight men, not women, in `gender blind' competitions, does not faze her in the least. diana has found her element.	first time writer/director karyn kusama has done a terrific job of creating a realistic setting for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in the projects and conveying that desperation so familiar to so many young people who find themselves in dead-end situations and on that road that leads to nowhere. and there's no candy coating on it, either; as hector tells diana when she asks him how he came to be where he is, `i was a fighter once. i lost.' then, looking around the busy gym, `like most of these guys, they're going to lose, too. but it's all they know--' and it's that honesty of attitude, as well as the way in which the characters are portrayed, that makes this movie as good as it is. it's a bleak world, underscored by the dimly lit, run-down gym-- you can fairly smell the sweat of the boxers-- and that sense of desolation that hangs over it all like a pall, blanketing these people who are grasping and hanging on to the one and only thing they have, all that they know.	making her screen debut, michelle rodriguez is perfectly cast as diana, infusing her with a depth and brooding intensity that fairly radiates off of her in waves. she is so real that it makes you wonder how much of it is really rodriguez; exactly where does the actor leave off and the character begin? whatever it is, it works. it's a powerful, memorable performance, by an actor from whom we will await another endeavor with great anticipation. she certainly makes diana a positive role model, one in whom many hopefully will find inspiration and the realization that there are alternative paths available in life, at least to those who would seek them out.	as positive as this film is, however, it ends on something of an ambiguous note; though diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there's no indication of where she's headed. is this a short term fix for her, or is she destined to become the female counterpart of hector? after all, realistically (and in light of the fact that the realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing isn't exactly a profession that lends itself to, nor opens it's arms to women. and in keeping with the subject matter of the film, and the approach of the filmmaker, an affirmation of the results of diana's assertiveness would have been appropriate.	the supporting cast includes santiago douglas (adrian), elisa bocanegra (marisol), alicia ashley (ricki) and thomas barbour (ira). though it delivers a very real picture of life to which many will be able to identify, there are certain aspects of `girlfight,' that stretch credibility a bit, regarding some of what happens in the ring. that aside, it's a positive film that for the most part is a satisfying experience. i rate this one 7/10.  

despite disney's best efforts, this is a rather enjoyable movie about following your dreams. i was surprised that it didn't strike me as over-sentimental; this movie played fair. dennis quaid was very, very good in the role, which is saying something for a sports movie. i can't recall how many sports movies have had little quirks that bother me; here, everybody looks the part. this movie is surprisingly good, and i predict that it will do surprising business as it is a g-rated movie that doesn't require the viewer to stop thinking. ebert to the contrary, this movie is a success.

i just saw this movie tonight, opening night. it was great!! i'm a big fan of sports movies, and this was right up there as one of my favorites. dennis quaid was great. (oh, by the way, mr. quaid, if you read this...my sister lives in austin, where you live.....and she was supposed to buy you a drink once...well...she kinda stood you up...but she didn't mean to! :c) [not that anyone's going to believe that...]) anyway, it's a great movie. everyone who likes a good sports movie, should go out and see it! :c)

this is a movie that plays to everyone's emotions. we all want a second chance at things. jim morris got one, followed his heart and got a chance to live his dream. what a great message and what a great delivery by this movie.

i knew i was going to see this when i saw the first preview. dennis quaid was one reason, but the theme of holding on to your dreams speaks to me. people talk about this as a movie for kids, but i think it's a movie for baby boomers who are coming to terms with aging, infirm parents, our own mortality, our kids growing up and leaving us, and all the other things we never thought would happen to us. the movie doesn't fall into the trap of tragedy; it's about what living your dreams means when you have a real life. quaid is too small for a pitcher but he makes it look good, and rachel griffiths makes a small part as the wife into a thoughtful, layered performance. the camera-work is slow and sweet. when they put this movie together, they left out anything that wasn't necessary. very nice.

disney might just be on to something here. first, they had "remember the titans" with denzel, a story based on truth involving sports and a small town in middle america. now, with quaid and the rookie... yet another sports story based on truth.both movies move you to tears at times, and both make you smile and feel all warm after seeing them. my wife and i took in the rookie and we expected it to be a great feel good type movie. we were not let down, when asked if we'd be buying this on dvd when it comes out, it was a no-brainer. most definately.

the rookie kept me smiling from beginning to end. dennis quaid played the role to perfection. the little boy that plays his son was fantastic. he made this a father-son movie to remember. the messages are good ones. follow your dreams. failing at the pursuit is alright as long as you try. the excitement is palpable. i believe this movie will be a classic.

this is the best picture about baseball since redford whacked the natural our way. dennis quaid and rachel griffiths light up the screen with a great story and a cast that seemed real enough to pull you into their lives. laced with dreams - dripping in reality, the american dream reignites after 9.11 with a true story about the devil ray's mid-life rookie, jimmy morris. australian born actress, rachel griffiths, plays a native west texan better than a lot of texans i know; and dennis quaid was perfection … cast as the wannabe, gonnabe and humble winner with as much psychological baggage as the average viewer in the audience. it's real. the on-screen chemistry works. if you like baseball heart-warmers, you're going to love this film. the ingredients for americana and apple pie were all in there. my popcorn became the ‘a la mode'. and hey: buy the cd! the music rocks and carries the story magnificently! syncing words and music pushes the story forward exactly the way it should, an area that disappoints me more often than not.criticisms: i'd have given the baseball to somebody else. but quaid has something to teach us all about ‘character' and heart. st. rita and the nuns were a nice decoration, but they never really found their place in the story to open and close around them. a little long. worth every minute in the last analysis. 8 / 10. 

this effort is based on the true story of jim morris, a high school science teacher/baseball coach, who is inspired by his players to try out for the pros and fulfill his life-long dream of playing in the majors. dennis quaid, no stranger to sports films, plays morris with enough conviction to make the part work and the producers do a credible job of recreating the real-world events that led to morris brief stint as a relief pitcher for the woefull tampa bay devil rays. the first half of the film, dealing with his rag tag bunch of high school baseball players (all of whom look way too old to actualy be in high school) is less effective and probably a bit too long. overall the film does suffer from some pacing issues and a few extra subplots that we probably could have done without. however, it is still a fairly involving movie with an inspirational theme that proves once again that baseball is the national pastime for a reason. grade: b-

what a fun movie experience! i was expecting a sappy kids movie and found that i enjoyed it more than my teens. take a tissue, it's not sad, just 'moving' in parts. finally, its a 'feel good' flick for the whole family. note: it's 2+ hours, so consider leaving the littlest 'squirmers' home for this one. ap

the film had many fundamental values of family and love. it expressed human emotion and was an inspiring story. the script was clear( it was very easy to understand making it perfect for children)and was enjoyable and humorous at times. there were a few charged symbols to look for. the cinematography was acceptable. there was no sense of experimentation that a lot of cinematographers have been doing today(which quiet frankly is getting a little warn out). it was plainly filmed but had a nice soft quality to it. although editing could have been done better i thought it was a nice movie for a family to enjoy. and the organization of information was just thrown at you which was something i didn't like either but in all it was a good movie.

'the rookie' was a wonderful movie about the second chances life holds for us and also puts an emotional thought over the audience, making them realize that your dreams can come true. if you loved 'remember the titans', 'the rookie' is the movie for you!! it's the feel good movie of the year and it is the perfect movie for all ages. 'the rookie' hits a major home run!

as a huge baseball fan, my scrutiny of this film is how realistic it appears. dennis quaid had all of the right moves and stances of a major league pitcher. it is a fantastic true story told with just a little too much "disney" for my taste.

the movie actually has a fairly good story, but gets bogged down in several key places. it's almost as if the director threw the movie together without taking the time to make some essential cuts in the film. dennis quaid does a fairly decent job in his role... but something is clearly missing from several key scenes.this 2.5 hour movie could have been reduced to about a 2 hour movie. and probably would have been a much better film had it not had the feel as if it was thrown together.

as predictable as a hallmark card, but not without merit, the rookie makes for a solid outing. dennis quaid, the most reasonable jock actor working today, is absolutely perfect as the science teacher turned baseball player jimmy morris. the film is never dumbed down for the children, as would be expected from a g rated film. as a sports film, the rookie is one of the best i have seen since any given sunday.

i was impressed that i could take my 5 year old son to this movie without having to cover his ears or eyes. no sex scenes, no profanity, and not even any violence. just good entertainment, enjoyable from beginning to end. dennis quaid pulls off this movie very well.

i had low expectations for this movie, but i was looking for something unchallenging for an evening. i walked out of the theatre totally delighted and somewhat surprised. this is a very fine baseball tribute film, and a nice lesson about pursuing your dreams. dennis quaid does a masterful job with his role, and i was touched by his performance. definitely worth a full price ticket and a couple hours of your time!

this a great disney flick.it is the story of an aging high school baseball coach(dennis quaid),who was once on his way to the big leagues as a pitcher,but suffered a career ending injury.but through series of events,jimmy morris(quaid)gets a try out with a major league team and even makes the roster.this is a great family film.it is inspirational,but doesn't pour it on too thick.it's fun and entertaining.adults will enjoy this movie as well as kids.it is based upon a true story,though i'm sure the filmmakers took some liberties in telling the story.quaid is sensational as the title character,very convincing.if you're looking for a film the whole family can enjoy,look no further.9/10

this is a feel good film, about one person's dreams and the drive or push to realize them. it is a beautiful and inspirational film. why do some people have to try and find fault with every film that comes out, especially the good ones. dennis quaid gives a good solid performance in this true story of jim morris, a science teacher and high school baseball coach who is pushed by his team to take one more shot at a professional baseball career. with excellent supporting cast, including brian cox, as the crusty old ex navy officer who has let so much of his son's achievements go by without his support. it was good to see him as something other than a villain in a film. if i have one complaint with this film it is this: don't ever let royce applegate sign the national anthem again. seriously, this film belongs to that handful of great baseball films like "field of dreams" and "the natural." it rates two thumbs up and a big "well done."

this was truly a great movie. i loved dennis quaid and the entire baseball team. jay hernandez is also a very likable actor that is very enjoyable to watch. the chemistry the team had once they got things together was spectacular, it just goes to show what you what can accomplish when minds unite as one with one goal. this team came back from the brink, having multiple losing seasons to winning just about everything. i love movies like this as they really are very inspirational.on top of that, dennis quaid's character getting a place in the major leagues. you can't do anything, but root for this guy. it just seems like when someone is supposed to do something, they are going to do that. things just happen to fall into place and makes everything click.based on a true story, this film will really make you think about the fact that "nothing is impossible."

once upon a time hollywood produced live-action, g-rated movies without foul language, immorality, and gore-splattered violence. these movies neither insulted your intelligence no manipulated your emotions. the heroes differed little from the crowd. they shared the same feelings and bore the same burdens. since the 1970s, the film industry has pretty much written off g-rated movies for adults. basically, modern mature audiences demand large doses of embellished realism for their cinematic diet, laced heavily with vile profanity, mattress-thumping sex, and knuckle-bruising fisticuffs. these ingredients constitute the difference between g-rated movies and those rated either pg or pg-13.miraculously, director john lee hancock, who penned scripts for clint eastwood's "a perfect world" (1993) and "midnight in the garden of good and evil" (1997), hits a home run with this g-rated, feel-good, four-bagger of a baseball epic that not only celebrates america's favorite summer time sport, but also extols the competitive spirit of the game. essentially, "the rookie" resembles the 1984 robert redford saga "the natural" about an old-time slugger who makes a comeback. unlike "the natural," "the rookie" shuns swearing, sex, and violence.moreover, rugged dennis quaid plays a real-life individual. jim morris' autobiography, "the oldest rookie: big-league dreams from a small-town guy," served as the basis for mike "finding forrester") rich's unpretentious, norman rockwell-style screenplay about white, middle-class aspirations. morris attained his dream when he debuted on the mound as a relief pitcher in 1999. although it doesn't belong in the same league with the inspirational james stewart classic "the stratton story" (1949), "the rookie" qualifies as the kind of movie that hollywood rarely makes anymore because audiences find them antiquated.hancock and rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography in a halo of mysticism. a wildcat oil prospector convinces two catholic nuns back in the 1920s to bankroll a west texas well. fearing they have blown their bucks on an ill-advised fantasy, the sisters blanket the arid terrain with rose petals and entreat st. rita's patron saint of hopeless causes' to intervene. the well gushes! the town of big lake emerges, and roughnecks swat at baseballs when they aren't drilling holes in the terrain. the spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like petroleum. meanwhile, years later, the u.s. navy doesn't keep jim morris, sr., (brian cos of "manhunter") and his family in one place long before uprooting them. the constant moving takes a toll on jim junior. jim's dad shows little sympathy and berates baseball.nevertheless, jim has baseball in his blood, enough so that when he accepts a high school chemistry teacher's job in his texas hometown, he organizes a baseball team. like the foul-mouthed "bad news bears," "the rookie" chronicles jim's triumph at turning losers into winners. morris promises the team if they reach the divisional playoffs, he will try out for a professional baseball team. predictably, morris' students maintain their end of the bargain. at age 35, jim stuns the big league scouts when he hurls fastballs at 98 miles-per-hour! "the rookie" never fouls out.

this movie, to me, is about family. jimmy morris lived his dream not just for himself, but for his family. i can't begin to tell you how i would be able to tell my little girl that daddy was going to kansas city to cover priest holmes and the kansas city chiefs. she'd think it was the coolest thing, like morris' son did. living dreams with the family is what this one is about. i think only a father who has a close relationship with his family can truly appreciate what jimmy morris did.

this is one of my favorite sports movies. dennis quaid is moving and convincing in the part of a man who gave up his dream of being a baseball pitcher when his arm gave out on him. as a high school coach, he challenges his players to win the division championship by telling them he'll try out for a baseball team if they do. they win (partly because of all the batting practice they take with a coach who can pitch over 90 miles an hour), and he keeps his side of the bargain--and is signed! if you have ever decided to try something new and terrifying as an adult, jim morris's story will resonate with you. it is moving and inspiring, and the man's relationships ring true. inspiration is not the only reason i rent this one, though. dennis quaid is just downright purdy in the part, and a baseball movie with a good-looking man changing a diaper is my idea of heaven. ladies, if you feel the way i do, check this one out.

this movie has several things going for it. it is a "feel good" story. the characters and actors are likable, realistic and present fine performances. most important, i believe, is that dennis quaid knows how to grip and throw a baseball. robert redford looked good both throwing and swinging a bat in "the natural, and so did kevin costner in "for love of the game" and "bull durham." in "major league," tom berenger and charlie sheen looked like they knew what they were doing, but many of the others did not, and that picture was pure silliness - and not very funny. so many earlier baseball movies, even where the stories might be interesting, presented such a lack of baseball ability on the part of the leads, they were ludicrous in this respect. in "the stratton story" and "strategic air command," jimmy stewart looked about as believable as a professional baseball player, as your overweight, non-athletic, elderly uncle in the softball game at the family reunion. other virile and physically robust stars (e.g., gary cooper as lou gehrig; robald reagan as grover cleveland alexander; and dan dailey as dizzy dean) also exhibited a degree of baseball ability that would put them in the late rounds while "choosing-up" for a game at the sunday picnic (even if coed, and even if your uncle were involved). the scenes of quaid's high school team he coached, the ones where he attends his tryout with the devil rays, and those with him playing in two minor leagues and in the american league, all ring true. the participants are believable and capable. in addition, he is an engaging actor who always delivers a talented and appropriate characterization (except, to a degree, some of his "over-the-top" scenes, and his forced accent, in his portrayal of jerry lee lewis). but he's definitely on-target here, and this movie is a "9," as good, or better, as any others of this genre, except for "the natural."

i first saw this movie 3 years ago, and it was introduced by then disney chief eisner and the real jim morris.about a month ago, it came back on tv, and this time i taped it. since then i must've watched it at least three times.this is a wonderful, inspirational, feel good movie that is intelligently written and believably acted by everyone concerned. it resists going for every sentimental trick in the book, as well as all of the other clichés.it is refreshing to see a movie where the kids aren't jerks and have a whole slew of behavioral issues, and the jocks aren't portrayed as testosterone driven muscleheads.these are just normal people who have dreams like you and i.in my opinion, hollywood as gone the other extreme to what they term "gritty realism", making movies where everyone curses, and has problems with aggression.this movie is about a man who has a dream, and is encouraged by friends and family to pursue that dream. the people in big lake tx seem so personable that i want to move there.as i said b4, the film doesn't try to go overboard with sentimentality. dennis quaid, as usual, never disappoints. i've watched him from the late 70's, and he is so underrated.but this movie has excellent performances from everyone concerned, and kudos to the writers.a gem in the movie is near the end when jim is practicing in the dugout before the big game, and his wife calls out to him from the stands. he rushes over and reaches out to his family. the look on the faces of the three other pitchers sitting on the bench in the dugout is priceless.if you're looking for a change of pace, then pick this movie up.

an end of an era was released here in the states in spring 2002 with "the rookie," a disney live action film that seemed to be the "best for last!!!!!" it took place right here in texas! actually, the story began in west texas, as evidenced by an area code found on a sign over there. it was about a high school coach who was so convinced by his high class baseball team that he decided to go professional!!!!!what i liked about this movie: it was sooo nice!!!!! it was a very good sports movie, ala "the mighty ducks" trilogy. it had also taken moviegoers across texas, from somewhere between the panhandle and el paso all the way to the metroplex (where i live). i can tell because i recognize that ballpark (was "the ballpark in arlington;" now it's "ameriquest field")! it was nice to see disney's "golden age" end here in my area!!!!!r.i.p.golden age of disney1920s-spring 2002"it all started with a mouse...and it ended with baseball." (sobs)10/10

the rookie is based on the true story of a 40+ year old school teacher in big lake, texas reaching the majors. jimmy morris (dennis quaid) is a small-town high school science teacher and baseball coach. his team is losing terribly until the team discovers that their coach played in minor leagues and can throw a pitch 98 mph. after throwing batting practice and a wager is made, jim agrees that if his team wins regional's, he'll try out for the major leagues. the movie tells the story from jimmy being boy to playing in his first game in the majors. it is a great underdog story and a very friendly family movie. dennis quaid makes the movie worth while, giving an emotional performance and is supported by an excellent supporting cast which includes: brian cox, rachel griffiths, and angus t. jones. the story takes a little while to develop and some scenes are a bit slow but it all works in well by the end. the baseball scenes are fun, well-filmed, and portrayed excellently. the movie really isn't about baseball but about one man's quest to reach his dream. it's inspiring, it's emotional, and it's funny. i liked it, i hope you do.the rookie. starring: dennis quaid, brian cox, rachel griffiths, and angus t. jones.4 out of 5 stars.

a fine story about following your dreams and actually taking a stab at doing something about them when the chance strikes. nothing was easy for morris either-he had a family, job, job opps elsewheres, a mortgage, etc-it wasn't like he could just drop what he was doing and blithely hop on the greyhound to play aaa ball for 4 months. it took guts. i am glad that they showed his indecision, almost up 'til he got the callup to the majors.i can remember seeing him pitch against the red sox(i think...), it was a great story. though morris actually looks more like john kruk or a mills watson than quaid-that's okay. quaid does a very good job playing the man, the teacher, coach and 'oldest rookie'.... as someone who is in the the same age group, i certainly can id with his plight. you're not quite too old to do what you had dreamed of as a kid, but it's getting there. you have to do it sooner than lator.believably told, nicely edited, paced, acted, good to see the familiar faces of the late royce applegate, brian cox and rachel griffiths here.good job all around, glad to see it hit.*** outta ****...who woulda thought that the tampa devil rays woulda been the subject of such a good movie early on?

walt disney's "the rookie" is based on the story of jim morris, a former minor league picher who made one of the most amazing comebacks in sports history, ending an almost 10 year retirement and making his major league debut in 1999 at the age of 35.the film opens with a brief synopsis of morris' childhood, which included a series of re-locations - his father was a military man. and even when his family settled for good in football crazed texas, morris' passion for baseball remained strong.the childhood segment then jumps ahead about 23 years to the adult morris (played by dennis quaid) who is now a baseball coach and chemistry teacher at big lake high school (in real life it was reagan county high school in big lake, texas). it is mentioned that he attempted a career as a baseball player but that it didn't work out.morris's team is struggling and he lectures them about giving up on their dreams. they turn the table on him, telling him that he should try out for a major league team. at several times when he pitches to them in practice, they express amazement at the speed with which he throws. morris seems unconvinced but agrees to a deal with his players in which if they win district, he will try out for a major league team.big lake does win district and, adhering to his end of the deal, morris attends a tampa bay devil rays try out. phenomenally, he throws 98 miles an hour - faster than he threw during his minor league career and an outstanding speed even for a major league pitcher. after another try out with the team, morris is offered a contract with the devil rays.this leaves him with a tough decision - stay in his comfortable life or once again pursue his major league dream by going through the minor league grind of making little money and spending months at a time away from home. and the decision is even more agonizing than during his first minor league stint because he now has a wife and three children.morris signs with the devil rays, begins at the aa level and moves up quickly to the aaa level, one level below major league baseball. but as the season winds down, the chances of him getting "called up" grow increasingly slim.for the most part, i love this movie. there are lots of great performances and likable characters and it's easy to find yourself really pulling for morris. also, the movie does a great job portraying professional baseball at both the major and minor league levels. and most of all, it teaches the timeless message of holding tight to your dreams even when they seem distant and almost impossible to achieve.still, the movie has some flaws. while generally accurate, it exaggerates and even fabricates a few things. check out http://espn.go.com/page2/s/closer/020410.html for some examples. also, except for one scene in which he prays with his players, the movie completely ignores morris' christian faith. but considering disney's left wing zeal, that's not surprising.presumably, a lot of the exaggerations/fabrications were done to make the story more dramatic. yet the 20 minute documentary on morris that is included on the dvd features some information that makes his story more dramatic but is excluded from the movie.for example, from birth until his family settled in texas for good when he was 12, morris re-located 14 times. and his initial minor league career ended after four surgeries through which he lost half of the muscle in his left (pitching) shoulder, thus making his throwing 98 mph even more inexplicable.to fully appreciate and understand the story of jim morris, it's good to not only watch "the rookie" but to watch the dvd's documentary, check out the aforementioned link to the movie's inaccuracies and probably also to read morris' biography, also titled "the rookie." i haven't read the book but i hope to one of these days.but overall, "the rookie" is a very good portrayal of a miraculous story and is a powerful testament to the power of dreams and the triumph of the common man. 8/10

i love it when they actually do a sports story well. so many in the past have been so hokey it was embarrassing to watch. not this one. it's just a genuinely nice movie, an old-fashioned type of story - and based on a real-life guy to did exactly what dennis quaid did in this film. he plays a high school coach who is talked into trying out, late in life athletically-speaking, to become a pitcher in professional baseball. eventually, he reaches his goal of making it to the major leagues, even if it was a very brief stint.all the characters in here are nice people, the kind you root for, from quaid to the players on his high school team, to his little boy (angus t. jones, now somewhat of a star on television.)quaid is believable in playing jim morris because, unlike actors in the past in sports films, he knows how to throw a baseball. he looks like a pitcher, a guy who could fire it 90-plus miles per hour. and, most of this film is true, as testified by the real-life pitcher in one the documentaries on the dvd.so, if you're looking for a nice, inspirational true life sports film, you can't wrong with this one.

good luck finding this film to even watch - it's not yet released on tape or dvd. i saw on release in the early '70's, was lucky enough to catch it via american cinematheque's preservation efforts, and it still has some tangible moments that stayed with me for thirty years.no reason to repeat rwint's accurate comments here. as a come-out director soon after the soaring success of five easy pieces, jack n has been said to have managed the low budget effort as best as possible, and it certainly shows in the wandering and meandering that could have used some re-cutting. but it's also a memorable icon for it's time: the all very intense clashes of late 60's college sports, student movements, sexual revolution, and more. why see this film? it was probably a ground breaker in some scenes: the frisky male bonding in the after-game showers; karen black's scene with tepper in the car will catch you a little off guard - but it's the first use of a word i hadn't witnessed in film before; and the casual and unexpected use of nudity overall. there are probably others i'm omitting.look for a nice surprise of a young cindy williams in one of her first films; a thin david ogend stiers; mike warren fresh out of his powder-blue ucla uniform and readying for a dark-blue tv uniform; robert towne - actor; and a whole lot of folks simply playing themselves.now: any connection between harry gittes last name, robert towne, and a certain character in chinatown and the two jakes?it gets a "7" based on karen black. you'll see why.

as jack nicholson's directorial debut, drive, he said displays at the least that he is a gifted director of actors. even when the story might seem to lose its way to the audience (and to a modern audience - if they can find it, which pops up now and again on ebay - it might seem more free formed than they think), the film contains vivid, interesting characterizations. the film tells of two college kids: the protagonist is hector (william tepper, in what borders on a break-out performance), a star of the leopards, the college basketball team he plays on. while he has to deal with a coach (bruce dern) who puts on the pressure to stay focused, and a on and off girlfriend (karen black) with her own emotional problems, there's gabriel (michael margotta), the other kid. gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than freaked out by the possibility to be drafted, and so in his own radical mind-state he does what he can to keep out. but as hector tries to find the balance between his oncoming fame and those he loves, gabriel is going over the threshold of sanity.nicholson, on the technical side of things, displays a fascinating editing style that keeps things on edge during the basketball scenes, and implements darkness in many other scenes with a documentary-feel throughout. and from tepper, black, and even robert towne (writer of chinatown, last detail, and mission: impossible among others, who rarely acts) he garners some credible acting work. though in tepper there is a tendency to downplay his emotions. in some scenes, for example, when he could act brilliantly sarcastic, he doesn't play it for what it's worth. from margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrant, twisted force in his performance, and as he descends it's frightening, but perhaps understandable from the times (and what a climax). dern steals most of his scenes, by the way, in a performance that should have garnered him an oscar nomination. every line of his dialog is appropriate, true, and it's never hammed up like in recent coach movie performances. but what drags down the film is that elements involving the characters aren't explained to the degree one might wish more. the film was based on a novel by jeremy larner, who co-wrote the script with nicholson, and i was expecting that the film to be longer than it was. it's a slim volume with a lot of information, about the times, about the sport, about the underlying feelings that were with those of the younger generation. nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and rarely are they shown to what's motivating them (the anti-war protesters not included, their part's understandable enough). gabriel is perturbed by what's going on in vietnam, but what else is there? hector, too, is a guy who has apprehensions about being drafted for the nba, and he still loves to play, but what's holding him back? this whole atmosphere is intriguing, how the late 60's college/basketball experience was, but that intriguing quality, which does lead to some unconventionality, is kept at a point where it can't go too further. overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet, and somewhat memorable for its good points, and not for it's low ones. and, for sure, you can tell who's behind the lens every step of the way. b+

this may be the only film that actually comes close to capturing on film the essentially uncapturable world of the american college experience of the late 60s-early 70s. go ahead, name another movie that even approaches this one: "getting straight"? "rpm"? these are caricatures. "return of the secaucus seven" has its moments, but that's a retrospective film about (self-obsessed) individuals more than a film about a time and a place depicted *in* that time and place. "drive, he said" portrays-- with subtlety and nuance where it should, and a swift kick in the shorts where that's the only appropriate way-- the anti-draft movement, the ambiguity of big-time college sports (especially when there's a war on), the sexual revolution of the period, and the general unreality of the day. believe me, it was like that.the whole cast deserves commendation (as does the director, of course) but particular praise should be reserved for bruce dern, as the basketball coach, and karen black, the hero's very unusual-- except for that time-- love interest. william tepper, as the lead, also rates a real round of applause both for his perfect capturing of the student-athlete of the period and for actually playing real college basketball in the film (remember anthony perkins in "tall story"? yikes!).all in all, a classic of a kind-- and the last film someone currently in 6th grade should be writing comments on ("boring", "repellent"-- um, right, sonny, please go back to your arnold movies). why isn't this film available from imdb?

of all the football films i have watched, this is one of the 2 best. the other being fever pitch. but hero is about the greatest world cup ever and consequently arguably also the greatest player ever to play in a world cup, diego maradona. this story is centered around him principally but also revolves around the other giants of the game at the time.the musical score is evocative and the images are powerful. the narration by michael caine is suitably unbiased and also calmly dramatic. this story is not about the individual games of the world cup; rather it is more about the emotions of the players and the beauty of the event itself.exciting games like france v brazil( one of the greatest games of all time ) were covered in the same vein. the final argentin v w germany was also in the same vein. highly recommended. a classic of world football. to be watched over and over again, esp if you're a maradona fan.

diego armando maradona had been sixteen years of age in 1978 when argentina won the world cup at home. he was already the biggest star, and the greatest player in a country obsessed with football. everybody had begged cesar luis menotti to play the boy genius, but the manager thought that he was not yet ready.history records that argentina won the 1978 world cup fairly convincingly - they hadn't really needed maradona. the same was not true in 1982. spain was a catalogue of disaster for argentina. menotti - still chain smoking - played diego this time, but the occasion was too much for such a temperamental boy. maradona had signed for barcelona on june 4 1982 for around $7 million - nine days later he played his first game at the camp nou and belgium beat argentina one-nil. it was not an auspicious debut, and even though he scored twice against hungary in the next match, maradona will remember the mundial as the site of his nadir - a crude, petulant foul on brazil's batista in the second round that abruptly ended his tournament and argentina's reign as world champions.but now that was all behind him. maradona had muddled his way through some crazy times at barca, and left in 1984 to join napoli. it was as if he was finally home. the neapolitan tifosi had done everything to entice maradona to poor, underachieving napoli. gifts from old women and pocket money from young boys nestled uncomfortably with the camorra's millions as part of the transfer fee, and the city was determined to make him feel at home. so, for the time being at least, maradona was el rey - he brought his argentine side to mexico as one of the favourites, and with a new manager - carlos bilardo replacing menotti.maradona is the hero of this story, a one-man world cup winning machine. in 1982, hundreds of young men had died in a pointless battle for the falkland isles; now the british press yearned for a rematch (with the same result) in mexico city. maradona was still regarded with distinction in england, remembered more for a superb performance in britain during a 1980 tour than for spain. but he was still an argie: the enemy.england actually started well, and lineker could have scored after only twelve minutes. a key event happened on 8 minutes. fenwick, the big and limited english defender, was booked - he was now terrified of making any challenges around the penalty area.after a tense first 45 minutes, the second half started with a bang. maradona danced forward after 50 minutes, but could find no way through. similarly valdano's attempt hit only white shirts. then the moment of infamy that serves as diego's epitaph. hodge bizarrely hooked the ball back into his own penalty area, shilton hurriedly jumped to claim - but there was maradona, somehow rising above the english goalkeeper to thrust the ball into the net. how had he done it? simple: handball.the most famous foul in football history passed in near slow motion. every spectator waited for mr al-sharif of syria to blow for the foul (he didn't). shilton looked and appealed to the linesman - he ran back to the centre circle. unless he assassinates the pope, or becomes the first man to step foot on mars, when the great man dies this moment will be shown first - in long, lingering, slow motion, followed by the look of glee on his face. the next image will be his next gift to the world - the world cup's finest goal.burruchaga stroked the ball to maradona who was ambling around on the right hand side of his own half. he span, and accelerated away from beardsley and reid. this was the real diego - he burst through butcher and attacked fenwick. fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack. normally, he would have aimed his boot somewhere near maradona's thigh - sure he would have picked up a red card, but who cares? then fenwick had a brainwave - he hesitated, and decided to run at maradona waving his arms - perhaps he was trying to put him off? diego shot into the box as fenwick fell over. butcher had been running alongside the genius as if he was offering encouragement. shilton charged out in panic, and maradona twisted around him and prepared to score. now butcher remembered his role and tried to cripple the argentinean - instead he gave extra impetus to the shot, which smashed into the goal. england were coming home.during this magical mexican summer, the world had found a successor for pele. in fact the greatest ever footballer had been surpassed - pele had been superb in 1958 and 1970, but had had great players all around him. maradona did not. 1986 was his world cup.

this movie is a must for all people that enjoy soccer as an art. what strikes first about this movie about a soccer world cup is the way it is filmed. besides following the play like a tv broadcast, there is generous footage dedicated to follow individual players in the games. this brings forward the emotions and situations these men go through as they attempt to reach glory. today's tv broadcasting style, so different than that of 1986, is still inferior in quality compared to this movie.the players are not the only stars. the audience, the referees, the journalists covering the matches and the environment itself all play a central role in the development of what today is history. in this movie you can see how all these factors play together in a very explicit way. in that regard, today's tv broadcasting style has not yet reached this level of quality, although it is now much closer than before.there are several highlighted players: maradona (argentina), elkjaer and laudrup (denmark), francescoli (uruguay), platini (france), lineker (england), rummenigge (germany), butrague#o (spain), socrates (brazil), and sanchez (mexico).this movie is not a collection of the best soccer moves of mexico 1986, although most of them are well covered. across all the movie, there is a stress for presenting several aspects of the game and the competition itself based on the progress of these players and teams, even at the cost of skipping relevant plays of the games themselves. this is what makes this movie so interesting and unique.because of what happened because of referees during mexico 1986, much of the comments about this movie and world cup are extremely maradona-biased. much of these comments do not take into account that there is a referee and two linesmen, that they are as human as the players, and that all of the abovementioned make mistakes one way or the other. soccer rules do not allow referees to use tv based replays to make decisions, so for the most part referees have to decide on what they perceive. as a consequence, referees play an active part in the development of a game. their influence can be seen in several parts of this movie.the sequel movie for the 1990 world cup, compared to this one, is just a source of bitter disappointment. much of it comes from the fact that it became too involved in the game, whereas this movie tells things from a more distant, unbiased point of view.

diego armando maradona was, and still remains as the best football player, the game has offered. not just an athlete, but an artist. this documetary if the 1986 world cup will forever live in the memories of every football fan around the world. because of his tremendous and unbelievable goal, which he scored against my own country(england). there's absolutely no point of diminishing this star. although i dont undersand spanish, i can appreciate the argentine narrator. he actually cries of happiness, and can barely express his emotion..... anything i wrote can be senseless and difficult to comprehend, but readers.....you have to watch this to know what i mean.

*spoilers*this is only the second pay-per-view i've given a perfect 10, the first being the 1991 royal rumble. it was full of exciting matches that weren't memorable, just disposable fun. and that's why i love it.the opening match between razor and dibiase, as well as ludvig borga vs. marty jannetty were the only low points. they were ok matches, but dibiase deserved better in his final pay per view match. these days, a match like this would have run-ins and a bigger climax for razor's first major babyface push. and jannetty, fresh off a intercontinental title run, could have had a better match with borga. but i don't think anyone really cared. they just needed a borga push on pay per view television.irs and the kid were great, as were michaels and perfect. i wish perfect could have won, but michaels lies down for no one. notice how right after this, he left the wwf so he wouldn't have to job to razor. bret hart had two great brawls with doink (notice how everyone's best match is against the hit-man) and then lawler. their rivalry was a classic; that's why that year's feud of the year was a no-brainer. how often do you see two legends win feud of the year this late in their careers?the steiners-heavenly bodies match was one of the best of the year. who knew the bodies could hold their own against one of the best teams ever?many say that the undertaker-giant gonzalez match was a waste of time. but i loved it. remember, what made the old wwf (as in, pre-wwe) great was the mix of athleticism and freak show. is there a soul out there who didn't like akeem?the main event wasn't bad, although nowhere near match of the year status. they put lex luger over well, but made a wise choice in having yokozuna keep the belt. he was the first heel since superstar graham to hold the belt for more than two months. nowadays, heels are champions all the time. but from the beginning of the wwwf through the wwf of the 90s, if you blinked, you missed a heel title reign.as an old school wrestling fan, this one and summerslam '88 are my favorites.

this was the first ppv in a new era for the wwe as hulk hogan, the ultimate warrior, ric flair and sherri martel had all left. a new crop of talent needed to be pushed. and this all started with lex luger, a former nwa world heavyweight champion being given a title shot against yokozuna. lex travelled all over the us in a bus called the lex express to inspire americans into rallying behind him in his bid to beat the japanese monster (who was actually samoan) and get the wwe championship back into american hands. as such there was much anticipation for this match.but every good ppv needs an undercard and this had some good stuff.the night started off with razor ramon defeating ted dibiase in a good match. the story going into this was that dibiase had picked on ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after his shock loss to the 1-2-3 kid on raw in july. ramon, angry, had then teamed with the 1-2-3 kid against the money inc tag team of ted dibiase and irwin r shyster. to settle their differences they were both given one on one matches dibiase vs ramon and shyster vs the kid. razor was able to settle his side of the deal after hitting a razor's edge.next up came the steiner brothers putting the wwe tag team titles on the line against the heavenly bodies. depsite the interference of "the bodies" manager jim cornette, who hit scott steiner in the throat with a tennis racket, they were able to pull out the win in a decent match.shawn michaels and mr perfect had been feuding since wrestlemania ix when shawn michaels confronted perfect after his loss to lex luger. perfect had then cost michaels the intercontinental championship when he distracted him in a title match against marty janetty. michaels had won the title back and was putting it on the line against mr perfect, but michaels now had a powerful ally in his corner in his 7 foot bodyguard diesel. micheals and perfect had an excellent match here, but it was diesel who proved the difference maker, pulling perfect out of the ring and throwing him into the steel steps for shawn to win by count out.irwin r shyster avenged the loss of his tag team partner earlier in the night, easily accounting for the 1-2-3 kid.next came one of the big matches of the night as bret hart prepared to battle jerry lawler for the title of undisputed king of the wwe. but lawler came out with crutches, saying he'd been injured in a car accident earlier that day and that he'd arranged another opponent for hart: doink the clown. hart and doink had a passable match which hart won with a sharpshooter. he was then jumped from behind by lawler. this bought wwe president jack tunney to the ring who told lawler that he would receive a lifetime ban if he didn't wrestle hart. hart then destroyed lawler, winning with the sharpshooter, but hart refused to let go of the hold and the referee reversed his decision. so after all that lawler was named the undisputed king of the wwe. this match was followed by ludvig borda destroying marty janetty in a short match.the undertaker finished his long rivalry with harvey wippleman, which had started in 1992 when the undertaker had defeated wippleman's client kamala at summerslam and continued when wippleman's latest monster the giant gonzales had destroyed taker at the rumble and then again at wrestlemania, with a decisive victory over gonzales here. gonzales then turned on wippleman, chokeslamming him after a poor match.next it was time for six man tag action as the smoking gunns (bart and billy) and tatanka defeated the headshrinkers (samu and fatu) and bam bam bigelow with tatanka pinning samu.this brings us to the main event with yokozuna, flanked by jim cornette and mr fuji, putting the wwe title on the line against lex luger and it was all on board the lex express. lex came out attacking, but yokozuna took control. lex came back though as he was able to avoid a banzai drop and then body slam yokozuna before knocking him out of the ring. luger then attacked cornette and fuji as yokozuna was counted out. luger had won a fine match!!!!! balloons fell from the ceiling. the heroes all came out to congratulate him on his win. yokozuna may have retained the title, but luger had proved he could be beaten. the only question was, who could beat him in the ring and get that title off him?

i really liked this summerslam due to the look of the arena, the curtains and just the look overall was interesting to me for some reason. anyways, this could have been one of the best summerslam's ever if the wwf didn't have lex luger in the main event against yokozuna, now for it's time it was ok to have a huge fat man vs a strong man but i'm glad times have changed. it was a terrible main event just like every match luger is in is terrible. other matches on the card were razor ramon vs ted dibiase, steiner brothers vs heavenly bodies, shawn michaels vs curt hening, this was the event where shawn named his big monster of a body guard diesel, irs vs 1-2-3 kid, bret hart first takes on doink then takes on jerry lawler and stuff with the harts and lawler was always very interesting, then ludvig borga destroyed marty jannetty, undertaker took on giant gonzalez in another terrible match, the smoking gunns and tatanka took on bam bam bigelow and the headshrinkers, and yokozuna defended the world title against lex luger this match was boring and it has a terrible ending. however it deserves 8/10

beautiful story of wisconsin native, dan jansen, and his real life, agonizing struggle to win the 1994 olympic gold medal in speed skating, despite his overwhelming emotional loss with the death of his much loved best friend and family member; his sister, jane.this story's main focus is to sensitively portray the real life emotional turmoil of grief, that one feels in loosing a special loved one, and the struggle to productively cope and rise above the great loss! it is the incredible story of dan jansen's heartbreak in loosing his beloved sister to leukemia, his struggle to cope with the intensity of his grief, while still maintaining his dream to win at the olympics, and his ultimate triumph in winning the gold medal in speed skating for america, and in honor of his sister's memory; thereby fulfilling his childhood promise to jane!after dan jansen's remarkable gold medal performance in the winter olympic in lillihamer, norway, he established a foundation in 1994 to help fight leukemia, which claimed the life of his sister, and to support youth sports programs, educational and scholarship awards. his dan jansen foundation promotes the philosophy that: "as his father always told him at a young age: 'there is more to life than skating around in circles!' maintaining a proper perspective is key! so, too, is setting goals, and realizing one's dreams through perseverence, overcoming adversity and never giving up!"recommended for anyone who has ever suffered the great loss of someone very special, and dearly loved within your life! and, for anyone who still believes in the achievement of dreams, and never giving up!

a brother's promise is a wonderful family film. this is a biography of dan jansen, a champion olympic speed skater. the movie depicts this athlete's life from a young age through full adulthood. the love and support of the family members is evident throughout. how dan and the rest of his family handle winning and losing races is a life lesson for all of us. the commitment and determination of dan's coach and his teammates, shows what it takes to make a real team. how dan and his family deal with a devastating illness of a loved one is depicted without undo sentiment or sugarcoating. the faith of the family is shown in basic terms and is obviously a major part of their lives. this is a powerful family film which can be meaningful for a person of any age.

i had read an article about dan jansen's olympic and personal journey before seeing this movie. i'm always intrigued by a story of hope and overcoming life altering events, and this was no exception.the background of the characters that is provided gives you a sense of the family's closeness and how they positively affected each others' lives. i can't speak to the accuracy of specific details in this movie, it is customary to take some creative license when organizing a script. however, the spirit of dan and his family is what matters here.its a worthwhile movie of a story that should be told. i felt empathy for the characters and cheered at the end.

a really great movie and true story. dan jansen the greatest skater ever. a touching and beautiful movie the whole family can enjoy. the story of jane jansens battle with cancer and dan jansen love for his sister. of a important promise made by jansen to win a gold medal to prove his sister jane was right to believe in his talent in speed skating was justified. this picture is well worth the time. i wish they would make more films of this quality. thank you for a great film with excellent actors and an excellent story. it is a very touching story about a beautiful family support and faith for their children and a special dream for their youngest son and his sister.

super speedway makes a great demo of your new dvd / bigscreen / 5.1 channel sound system. the imax camera puts you right in the race car, where you cruise around various tracks at high speed, reminiscent of the driving sequences in grand prix (if only that would appear on dvd!). i enjoy watching it again and again.the only minus, and why i didn't give it a 10, is some of the driving sequences look suspiciously like the film was speeded up. the soundtrack also requires a little suspension of disbelief - all you can hear in a real car is the engine. you won't hear swooshes as you go under bridges.

sure, for it's super imagery and awesome sound, it's a great home theater "show off" disk, but this is also a touching drama as well as an informative documentary. the parallel stories that are intertwined throughout this film will keep all viewers interested. young, old, boys and girls alike will find that deep down, we are all fans of the automobile, especially the high performance indy machines that are the result of generations blood, sweat, tears, ingenuity and perseverance. the mark knopfler and ry cooder sound track is perfectly matched to the visuals and the content. i don't want to give away the ending, but the final driving sequence to quincy jones' "days like these" just might bring a tear to your eye. enjoy it!

this is a well-made documentary on the exciting world of indy car racing. the photography is simply outstanding. the scene were mario andretti drives the old racing roadster down the new england street lined with the ancient maples, leaves blown to the side by the speed of the car, is incredible. the film does lose some of its beauty on the small screen but if you like watching cars driven to their limit you should see this film.

this is an excellent documentary, packed with racing action beautiful pictures and a great story. the imax cameras give you a very wide perspective, as a dvd movie it is perfect. your hear every speaker working almost all the time, the film is not speeded up and just gives you the natural feel of 230mph. of course there are some sound effects added but i think they are good, they give a depth to the driving scenes...

this is a great documentary film. any fan of car racing should own a copy of this outstanding film. director "stephen low" did a great job,as well as the main stars of the film, father & son, mario & michael andretti. the dvd looks & sounds amazing. and best of all it's imax! great home theater test disc.

i enjoyed this movie so much that i watched it twice and that is something to say about a documentary. the musical score, cinematography and sound are absolutely stunning as you might expect from an imax production. even though it is shot for those huge imax theaters, it looks and sounds wonderful on my home system. in fact this would make a perfect dvd to demo your system.the subject is also so fascinating. it is about mario andretti and his son michael. i was already a fan of mario because he is the best racecar drive in history since he is the only person to win the cart championship, f1 championship, the daytona 500 and the indianapolis 500. the script follows the path of two cars very important to the father and son. the first car is found in a chicken coop and turns out to be the first roadster that mario ever drove and we follow restoration to gleaming perfection. the other car is michael's new racecar and we follow it from cutting the mold through the race season. imax lends just the right magic to make car construction entertaining and fascinating.paul newman, who was michael amoretti's team owner at the time this movie was made, narrates the film. his anecdotes and witticism, drawn from many years as an owner and driver, lends much to the production.the main feature is the race scenes. turn up the volume here! there is something about riding along at over 200 mph and the musical score that totally draws you into the screen for an experience you will not forget. wow!the final magical element is the humanity of the andretti family. this god of the racing world, mario andretti, is loving father who proudly watches over his son's career. they work together so well that every father and son should see this. you can tell that they are a close family. i wish we could all have that experience.

okay, this show is nothing but awesome! it has a great story line and plot and great actors and actresses. jeremy sumpter is so hott and he is perfect for the role! he is gunna be big in hollywood. he has a bright future ahead! this show better last a long time because i really love this show, and i hope that it has a lot of success! it is so interesting. i have been waiting for it to come out for about 6 or 7 months and it's finally here, and it's great! i tape it, too. i can watch it whenever i want now! too bad its only on once a week though. i wish it was on at least twice a week because now i wish that it was tuesday every day! hope you all like this show!~ashley~

to anyone who might think this show isn't for them, please give it a try. network television has degenerated into shows that are clones of clones or are reality based shows featuring some often unreal people. this show is a return to family oriented tv where the emphasis is on learning some life lessons, learning what real friends and family are about, and maybe even learning a little bit about our national pastime. jeremy sumpter is one of the most appealing young actors in show business today, and he is perfectly cast as the young, slightly naive new batboy for the fictional new york empires (great name!). dean cain, christopher lloyd, mare winningham, and kirsten storms round out the main cast, and they are all exceptional. this show deserves a chance to catch on and be seen. hopefully it will stick around for a few seasons and we can watch pete young (sumpter's character) learn and grow.

this is a good family show with a great cast of actors. it's a nice break from the reality show blitz of late. there is nothing else quite like it on television right now either, unless you count joan of arcadia as being similar because it has a teen lead character too. anyway, clubhouse is worth a look because jeremy sumpter gives the main character (pete young) a kind of likability and naiveté that is appealing without being overly sweet and cuddly. dean cain, christopher lloyd, mare winningham and kirsten storms round out the rest of the main cast members, and each is terrific in their role. i really like kirsten storms as pete's sister betsy; she is quite a pill, but she still cares about her mom and brother, even though she hates to show it. it may take a few episodes to really find it's legs, but clubhouse is easily one of the best shows to come along in a good long while, so check it out people--you'll be glad you did!

me and my sister saw the premiere last night... it was so good we were glued for the whole thing.. hahaha..i think i'm hooked for the season!!.... they have some really good actors in this thing.. the head coach guy and the player that likes pete were very good and the plot has already got me but i don't really understand how they'll keep it stretched for a whole season.. there will probably be some big twist tho..i cant wait till tuesday.. finally jeremy sumpter who is he? i can tell hes going to be big!! he was soo good we fell in love with his character right away.. cant wait for the next episode.. go jeremy!'aimee

this show has a few clichés and a few over the top, dawson's creek-like moments (a 16-year-old talking about way back when life made sense?), but overall it seems like a decent show. most of the characters seem very real, and the story seemed to move along well in the pilot - ending with a good lesson in the end. i just hope every episode doesn't turn out to be life-altering like the first, that would just be too much drama for this vehicle. jeremy sumpter does an excellent job as a teenager with a passion for baseball, i believe a lot of us could relate to his awe and sometimes tunnel vision for the team that he always wanted to a part of.

this documentary was very thorough and exposing, and at the same time entertaining, which i thought was rather impressive. i felt as if they did a very good job covering the sport from its' origin until present day, but nonetheless, there is a reason why i do not give such a high score to this film...i felt as if at times the story focused too much on the 'proper nouns' of the sport, so to speak: too much on individual locations at which to surf, and especially too much on individual surfers. i felt as if the documentary had more to do with the nature of the sport, the ideology of the sport, etc. it would have been better (although this of course was covered, i do not think it got as much time as it warranted). and for many people who are not absolutely nuts about surfing, at times hearing them go on and on about specific locations and specific surfers could become boring. although the video clips and the in-depth research is well-respected, it could have been presented in a way that would be better for those who are not avid surfers.furthermore, my biggest disappointment was at times they spoke of how utterly amazing and miraculous certain events in surfing history were yet they did not have the actual footage of these events unfolding, and the whole time you are waiting to see on the silver screen this amazing, breath-taking event that these men are talking about as life-changing moments, and in the end all you get is a lot of men talking about it, and not the actual footage. it was far too tantalizing to myself to hear these stories, and then be unable to see them. i understand the difficulty of obtaining footage of everything, but please: do not brag an event up so much, and then not show it. overall, a very fresh documentary that i enjoyed watching; not the best documentary due to the above reasons, but being very fresh and having some extremely exciting footage and a good soundtrack, it is a documentary that i would advise everybody to check out.

i have this movie on dvd and must have watched it thirty times by now. i must really love it, right? well, not really.i was a surfer earlier in my life, and i loved the sport. to this day, i am fascinated by good surfing. riding giants has plenty of that, and thus i am a sucker for the thing. but i definitely have some bones to pick with it. (peralta, you listening?).first, the movie has too little faith in its subject matter. the cutting and editing of the waves is such that the majority of them are sort of ruined. very, very few waves are actually shown ridden from start to finish. peralta seems addicted to a hyper kinetic, cut-and-pace method. it gets especially bad in the middle section on the spot mavericks in northern california. not a single wave is ridden start to finish. almost the entire section on mavericks (one third of the movie) is a jarring montage of clips with an equally jarring soundtrack. i can understand the effect peralta was trying to achieve with mavericks, as the place is a truly frightening mix of bone crushing waves in frigid open ocean chop, but he goes way too far. mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. waves are actually ridden there, even with great performances. it would have been good to see some of them. if peralta thinks this is a grand sport (and i am sure he does), then why does he insist on messing with the subject matter so much? at times, the editing reduces the movie to the inscrutable. there is one fast clip in the section on peahi in hawaii, which i still cannot understand. even if i run it on slow motion on dvd, the image is too fast to be decipherable. it must be a couple of frames in length at the max.second, have the guys who made this thing ever learned about understatement? it is particularly galling to watch the narrated directors' version on dvd. these guys sound like two over-the-top valley girls. the same sentiment shows up in the main production. every thing is always so goddamn "amazing" etc. one character in particular is just plain obnoxious -- sam george, the editor of surfer magazine, who is practically peeing in his pants every time he has anything to say. he is a super drag on the movie.there is a tremendous amount of effort that went into this movie. i mean, just to get the old movie shots they have, and also, all of the interviews. the movie is a great story, and i think it is generally captivating entertainment. thematically it is well laid out, with the three parts centering around greg noll, jeff clark, and laird hamilton respectively. there are some uses of still photography that are phenomenal. in the directors' narration, they say it is a new type of 3d technology, and it really works. the three principle characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. as an athlete, laird hamilton is a revelation. he rises to the pinnacle of his sport in a way that i have only seen michael jordan do in basketball. and too, the story of his meeting his father is a gem. it really touched me.it is just that the movie could have been so much more. the very last part of the movie, when the credits roll, gives a hint of what it could have been. there are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a magnificent soundtrack. (the soundtrack in the rest of the movie is rubbish, though you may like it if you are fan of the modern, frenetic school of rock.) anyway there's my two cents...

i like this movie because it is a fine work of cinema, made by people who care enough to make it art and not just home movies. it is filled with super-surfer greg noll's home movies, and a boatload of amateur video from others who align themselves with his 50-year passion. nevertheless, it has been expanded to the degree that it approaches aesthetic glory. it is filled with artistic talent, and athletic talent, however trivial you might think surfing to be athletic. surfers are not astronauts nor test-pilots. nor are they surgeons(perhaps) or ph.d's(again, perhaps). it believes in the quest of the surfer. it believes in the beauty of human goofiness. it believes in the great gift of peace, which comes from the cessation of war. surfers celebrate the cessation of war on the north beach of an hawaiian island attacked by japanese zeroes fifteen years before. it celebrates the down-time of a country which fought a cold war-instead of a hot-war - with the russian socialists. surfing is the ultimate narcissism. it is dangerous, but only slightly historical. i suspect alexander the great would not be celebrated for his surfing technique. he had to go out and conquer a few dozen countries to get the favorable press he has received. this movie has no military heroes. it has no guns. the only beach-head surfers conquer has a beer-stand and and a surfboard shop. this is not a problem. peace is not desperate. it is the joy of exhalation.

riding giantsthis documentary traces the history of surfing and follows three other well-made and acclaimed surfer films, dana brown's endless summer, its follow-up endless summer ii by bruce brown, dana's son, and step into liquid (imax). i saw the first, not the others. while the surfing footage is spectacular, i valued most the film-maker's historic perspective. he takes us back to the sport's origins almost a hundred years ago, and shows how it evolved to its present form. this includes extensive interviews with leading personalities and performers, how surfboard designs changed over time, which beaches in hawaii and california were most frequented by the world-class surfers, and what an incredible adrenalin rush the sport provided them. the athletes lived for months at a time on beaches, surfed from dawn to dusk, camped on rudimentary bunks, fished for food, and went back out on their boards the next day. what a euphoric way to spend your youthful days. we see how the media discovered and promoted the sport after a slow start. what was the biggest boost to the sport? believe it or not, it was the movie gidget, although i suspect copyright issues may prevent crediting the beachboys' surfing songs like surfer girl and surfing usa. the surfing magazine and encyclopedia of surfing (who knew there was such a tome) are mentioned for their contributions. we also see commentaries from the pioneers of the sport, their families, and how the current generation benefited from the originators in the 1960s. one such story is how 40-year old laird hamilton, considered today's greatest surfer, bonded with an earlier leading surfer, introduced him to his single mom, who he married before becoming his step-dad. a rousing musical background of contemporary music from all eras accompanies the story. have i whetted your appetite? wonderful. have a great ride.

if it were possible to distill the heart and soul of the sport--no, the pure lifestyle--of surfing to its perfect form, this documentary has done it. this documentary shows the life isn't just about the waves, but it's more about the people, the pioneers, and the modern day vanguard that are pushing the envelope of big wave further than it's ever been.stacy peralta--a virtual legend from my early '80s skateboarding days as a socal teen--has edited reams of amazing stock and interview footage down to their essence and created what is not just a documentary, but a masterpiece of the genre. when his heart and soul is in the subject matter--and clearly it is here--his genius is fraught with a pure vision that doesn't glamorize, hype, or sentimentalize his subject. he reveres surfers and the surfing/beach lifestyle, but doesn't whitewash it either. there is a gritty reality to the sport as well.there is so much that could be said about this documentary, about the surfers, the early history of the sport, and the wild big wave surfers it profiles. greg noll, the first big wave personality who arguably pioneered the sport; jeff carter, an amazing guy who rode virtually alone for 15 years on northern california's extremely dangerous maverick's big surf; and, the centerpiece of the documentary, laird hamliton, big wave surfing's present day messiah.there is tremendous heart and warmth among all these guys--and a few girls who show up on camera--and a deep and powerful love for surfing and the ocean that comes through in every word. i found the story of how hamilton's adopted father met him and how hamilton as a small 4- or 5-year old boy practically forced him to be his dad especially heartwarming (and, again, stripped of syrupy sentimentality).if you like surfing--or even if you don't--this is a wonderful documentary that must be watched, if only because you're a student of the form or someone who simply appreciates incredibly well-done works of art.

everyone has already commented on the cinematography (good to great), the personalities (larger than life), the structure (chronological, with many references to surf culture through time). what is missed is a bigger question of sociological importance: chucking mainstream american culture for something more fulfilling and rewarding.i was a surfer in the 1970s. we used to watch 16mm films at the local high schools in socal. i remember the great feeling of surfing all day until my skin radiated heat, putting on a hawaiian shirt and shorts and going to watch the latest surf film at night. often, the narrator was the filmmaker himself, reading a script off sheets of paper. sometimes, a surf band or proto-punk band would add music. i was never happier. except for the hooting and hollering, seeing 'riding giants' took me back in time.it also reinforced a feeling that living life on the edge, not worrying about the money and the climbing the social and corporate ladder, not keeping up with the joneses, pushing yourself physically and mentally for a fleeting moment of joy and jubilation - may be the answer to the question, "what is the purpose of life?" at least for those like greg noll, laird hamilton and the like, they seem to have found something that few of us are bold enough or honest with ourselves enough to pursue: to live life solely on our own terms. maybe society would fall apart if we all did exactly what we wanted in life, but it is wonderful to see people who actually are living out their dreams.it was this message that really impressed me.

riding giants is an amazing movie. it really shows how these people lived back then just to surf. their lives were basically surfing, living, breathing, and having fun. they didn't care about money, jobs, girls or any thing. to them the waves were their girls. i have never been on a surf board, and it looks so hard, i don't understand how they can stay on them, it makes no sense at all. this is an awesome movie and if you love surfing then you should really see this movie. if you're a surfer and you want to find out who started surfing, how it came into life, who is really famous at it or what ever, then you should really see it. it might be a documentary, but it is really good. -tara f.-

as a popular sport, surfing was liked by many people. just after watched the documentary, i realized how dangerous it could be. in fact the surfers also scared of big waves. even somebody got killed by it. but they still kept on surfing and enjoyed themselves. only brave people can do it.according to what the surfers said, we can clearly knew what they felt when the big wave came at them. you have to adjust to your best and avoid direct strike from the big wave. when you win it, that will obviously bring you huge satisfaction.the amazing cinematography cannot be overlooked. that is absolutely visual enjoyment.an excellent sports documentary. 8/10

noll's comfortable way of rolling out blunt comments, often with expletives, to describe things that he is more knowledgeable about than most is quite refreshing. there is one other character in the film that constantly tries to verbalize complicated issues, using more language than necessary. this guy should never have been given a thesaurus. cut to noll and you know you're in for a treat!the way the pioneers of big wave surfing are portrayed is very evocative of a "lost era". nevermind the fact that no one knows how these guys made a living, much less took care of issues like medical care. the use of old film clips throughout was masterfully done.

again stacy peralta is true first to the people who lived the story. by letting those involved in the genesis of big wave surfing tell us their stories, how it felt and what they thought, you get the feeling of having been there. the film carries you from the fifties to the near present by focusing on three primary architects contributing to the evolution and development of the sport. candid "home movie" like videos of themselves and their contemporaries take you further into their world. the layers of music, culture, technical information,a pure view of the participant's athleticism, and fabulous big wave images you get a full scope perspective of this aspect of surfing.thoroughly worth watching.

i realized a couple of days ago that the makers of this film put a play on words into its title. this movie is not primarily about the act of "riding giants," but mostly about the people who are the giants of the sport, riding giants, to change the emphasis.in my teens i lived a block from the wedge, one of the hardest-breaking and best bodysurfing spots in the world. i've been out in 15-to-18 foot surf, and have ridden and been hammered by 10 and 12-foot waves on many occasions. that experience is why i am in complete awe of the surfers in this film. the idea that jeff clark, to all appearances a normal mortal, could get away with riding maverick's by himself for over a decade is beyond my grasp. the first safety rule of any water sport is "never surf/dive/swim by yourself." he went where sane people would not, and lived to tell about it. i wouldn't go out there if the water were 75 degrees and the sharks all left. in the world of warm water: the first shot of the waves at jaws always makes the skin tingle over my entire body. these are not just scary waves, these are uncontrolled-bowel-evacuation waves. when we see laird hamilton not only surviving 40-to-60 foot waves (i can hardly type those numbers), but actually working the faces like a fun day at rincon, i'm blown away. there is a dedication and focus in big-wave riders which is comparable to that of anyone in the world. this a great film. i gave it a 9 instead of a 10 only because it neglects to mention that there are great big-wave riders in the world outside the hamilton/kalama crew, and i think they deserved mention. splice in ken bradshaw at outside log cabins and a 10 it is!

i stumbled upon this movie on cable and was totally hooked. the story of a group of surfers who ride the big waves, waves that are monstrously huge, waves that would make any rational person run away in terror is a one that manages to be spectacular and make you understand why people spend their lives chasing waves. there is nothing special about the film, other than it brings together some very interesting people who are are in love with what they do and lets them talk. sure there are scenes of them surfing, but what makes this movie so special is the people. here are a bunch of guys who are so enthusiastic about what they do that it crosses over to the people watching. half way into this movie you'll want to go off and learn to surf as well. few documentaries have ever managed to covey the passion that these people have and its the films ability to make us feel it that makes this a great film. see it.

if you have seen dogtown and z-boys or have any interest in seeing the real, non-caricature, "real american" side of america then riding giants will hit deeper than anything you've seen before.this film is "unreal", a facile term if ever there was one, but hugely appropriate if you can derive any form of literal meaning out of it - it is a 100% factual documentary, but with all the drama of an opera, and the completely apparent sense of love, expert and knowing instilled by stacy peralta's direction and narration, this film expertly leads you from swell to big wave while keeping you completely enthralled in everything you are being given the privilege of seeing.this film is a symphony, crafted as well as beethovens 9th, beginning beautifully with its prelude in hawaii, tugging deeply on human emotion in santa cruz and finishing with uproar, triumph and crescendo in laird hamiltons feats, again in hawaii.like classical music; like beethoven's 9th, ride of the valkyries or barbers adagio for strings, this may be the only piece you like, but it's worth it. trust me.

i used to write comments at imdb, but i don't do so anymore. it happens that imdb has become massive, and consequently subjectiveness has ruined scores. what do i mean? that anyone that is not particularly fond of movies and doesn't have any expertise on the subject, watches some crap (or the opposite), and in case he likes it, delivers a 10, and if he doesn't he goes for a 1. this of course, cannot measure anything correctly. now for the film. i truly regret ever having delivered any 10s to some very few films, because then i must score this one with 12 or 13, which is not possible. this documentary has something that i don't expect to watch ever again in my whole life in any other film. it is simply mesmerizing, and it's not just a way of saying; it really is. the last 25 minutes have a load of energy, visual rejoice and wisdom -the words spoken by the starring guys-, that really... there's no possible match. i don't keep movies, rarely would i find any sense in doing so, but this one is the kind of film you should buy and keep, and watch from time to time, maybe 10 or 20 times as years go by. i got nothing more to say. this is a genuine, objective 10 for me.

i rate this 10 out of 10. why?* it offers insight into something i barely understand - the surfers surf because it's all they want to do; nothing else seems to matter as much to them as surfing; nor is it a temporary thing - it's a lifetime for these guys * buried in the movie is a great history of surfing; i have never surfed, but i love surfing movies, and have seen many. none taught me what this movie did * the movie was very well edited. it flowed well. the interviews were outstanding * it's interesting from start to finishin summary, it's about as good as a documentary as i have seen, so i have to rate in terms of that. so 10/10

this was the best documentary i've ever seen!! i just saw lords of dogtown and wanted to know more about stacy peralta, and was surprised and happy to find out this was one of his films as well. great job stacy! i was kicking back at work last week, bored o*&^%less and this movie came on. growing up in orange county in the 80's i surfed up and down the local beaches and so did my dad when he was a teenager. i grew up at the beach, my parents took me every weekend, i body surfed, boogeyboarded then moved up from there. this movie just captivated me. it was way before my time but it was awesome to see what these guys went through..true pioneers! this movie is a collectors item.

there's been a spate of recent surfing movies that i seem to haphazardly run across without advance warning. i caught this treasure on digital cable this week and what a pleasant surprise it was! the focus is on the pioneers of big wave surfing from the 60's greg noll to our current laird hamilton, from waimea bay to mavericks to jaws. hell, i could watch a movie just about laird hamilton - one of this generation's great athletes - so the rest is just gravy. there's loads of good surfing mixed in with interviews of past and present surfing stars, in pleasant, relaxed and unpretentious fashion. of all the surfing movies i've seen this tells the big-wave story the best, and i think it's my favorite. enjoy!

riding giants is an incredible documentary detailing the history and stories of three influential big-wave surfers, gregg noll, jeff clark, and laird hamilton. stacy peralta did an amazing job taking on the role of director and should be congratulated for doing such a brilliant job. the structure of the film is edited brilliantly and works perfectly with the narration, interviews, animation and surfing footage. the music soundtrack just adds to the overall satisfaction of watching this film, making riding giants brilliant viewing. personal highlights include any of greg noll's comments, what with his straight-to-the-point frankness, laird hamilton's footage at teahupoo, and the out-takes at the end of the movie. but really this entire film is one big, recommended highlight that comes highly recommended if you have the opportunity to see. it's a shame it isn't more well known, but it is a gem deserving of attention. 10/10

wow! stacy peralta has followed up dogtown and z-boys with an equally stunning documentary about the history of the big-wave surfing culture in america. piecing together insider archival footage along with interviews from surfing legends, we are transported into the daring and free-spirited life of the early pioneers whose sheer passion for the sport spawned an industry that today touches the lives of millions.it's getting to know these icons and their stories that gives the film its warmth. you can feel the respect peralta has for this group as we hear accounts of greg noll striding from a pack of awestruck fellow surfers on the beach to singularly challenge 50-foot swells off hawaii's north coast. or jeff clark, surfing the outrageously dangerous maverick off the northern california coast all alone for 15 years before it was discovered and became the surfing destination in california. and the storybook history of laird hamilton, today's surfing icon. hearing greg noll reverently refer to hamilton as the best surfer ever sent chills up my spine.(as an aside, noll, clark and others were at the sundance screenings. noll humbly described himself as an old, over-the-hill surfer. he was deeply moved by the audience reception of him and film. both he and clark were as likable in person as they were in the film.)riding giants pays homage to these extraordinary athletes while at the same time rewarding us with an insight into the magnitude and terrifying power of the waves they seek to conquer, the gut-wrenching vertical drops required to get into them, and the almost unfathomable combination of adrenaline and fear that the surfers experience each time they take on a monster swell.all this, and the movie has more. for those of us that didn't live in california in the 60's, we get an insight into the impact of surfing on american pop culture. (and, to my surprise, the impact of the movie gidget on surfing!) peralta also weaves in a primer on some of the technical aspects of the sport and the history of innovation in equipment. i'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the sundance audience, i was absolutely captivated by this film. peralta is staking his claim as the big kahuna of american documentaries.

riding giants is a brilliant documentary that dives deep into the world of one of the most under-appreciated sports and brings to the surface a very human and raw emotion that only director stacy peralta could capture. everything from the structure, to the players, to the amazing stock footage, to even the style in which this was filmed only reinforced the beauty and power behind the sport of surfing. of all the surfing films that i have seen (endless summer, billabong odyssey, and step into liquid) this was the most consistent and relevant. beginning with the early ages of surfing (a brief history lesson) lasting all the way till laird's infamous ride, riding giants goes further into the mind, heart, and soul of the sport than any of these other documentaries. how does it do this? by giving us the whole story, from start to finish, without fictionalizing or jig jagging from wave to wave.to begin this film was structurally sound. in the other films that i have seen about surfing, you sometimes find yourself jumping from new person to new person, wave to wave, event to event, without any knowledge of why or who? in riding giants, we have a very small cast of veterans and newbies. this allows you to really go deeper into the mind of each one. also, instead of just riding waves, we are handed more history and more personal insight to the world than before. this is what really attracted me to this film. i was impressed that instead of showing all these big waves (because it is a big wave movie), we listen to stories and see first hand what these surfers had to overcome to get to those waves. i loved the information about the "beach bums" or father's of surfing. i am still floored by the amazing tales of greg noll and his early adventures into the harsh deep blue. then, to see him in person, talking about what was going on in his mind, only added more fuel to the fire. the straightforward structure that peralta followed allowed me to follow and walk away with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the earlier films. peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you cannot help but be amazed by what these brave people have done, and where the sport is going.add to a immaculate structure some intense and creative cinematography, and you have darn near perfect film. using techniques that i last saw in the kid stays in the picture, riding giants creates some scenes that almost feel as if they are jumping out of the screen. while it isn't 3d, it is that flat dimensional feeling that you get when you put two pictures on top of each other. in this film, it worked. it created more depth to the scenes, and really added to not just the shock value (man these waves were huge), but also the danger that these guys constantly faced. if it broke differently or they maneuvered wrong, these waves would kill them. some did die, but it didn't stop the sport. it only created more excitement and more passion to do better. it is this love of the ocean and sport that leads me to my final point.the human element. so many of my earlier adventures in the world of surfing documentaries left me with beautiful waves, but very little about the people. the films knew that people were watching for the waves, so it would basically go from wave to wave to wave and the maybe a short second about the person. this film was the direct opposite. peralta created this masterpiece by still giving us the waves, but devoting so much more attention onto the surfers and the immortal question of why they do this everyday. what rushes through their minds, what pushes them to go further, and the bonds that are formed while out there on the wild blue yonder. i felt like after watching this film that i not only knew more about big wave surfing, but also about the emotional side to the sport. this was an element not as developed in the other films and pushed riding giants to a whole new personal level.overall, this film was brilliant. never have i witnessed so much passion, devotion, and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. from beginning to end, i was impressed. i would be very happy if this film won the oscar this year for best documentary, and to see a new rebirth in the surfing world and open more doors for films of this nature.grade: ***** out of *****

this project was originally conceived as the movie version of popular japanese manga slamdunk! and that's not something new to jay chou, who made his movie debut playing a character from another wildly popular manga initial d. along the way, it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie, so hence the title, even if the idea wasn't very original, with stephen chow's shaolin soccer coming to mind with martial arts and ball games combined.however, and thankfully, those scenes where kung fu actually influenced the games were kept to a bare minimum, and in kung fu dunk, really quite unnecessary, because they don't add much to the plot nor drum up much excitement, and at most offered some cheap laughs and reminisced about the time when stephen chow used kung fu in football games. jay chou is comfortable in his role as a martial artist fang shi-jie since it's not the first time he fought using martial arts (curse of the golden flower anyone?), and under the stunt direction of ching siu-tung, he was made to look really believable as he trashes countless of gangsters in a bar as seen in the trailer, just to let you know who's boss.that was almost why his character is made a kung fu practitioner, and for the fact of giving him an excuse for being a top shot, able to shoot the hoops from practically any angle. and with eric tsang as a small time hustler chen-li who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins a university to play varsity basketball, but not without the initial objection of team captain ting-wei (chen bo-lin) and team star xiao-lan (baron chen, in his big-screen debut). but you know with team members on the same side, it's not before long they combine their strengths to take on adversaries on the basketball court.and i will stick my neck out to say that this movie is to basketball just as how goal was to football. it made the sport look good because of its charismatic characters, despite them dripping so much coolness and aloofness on the courts. here, special effects and wire-work were employed to make the actors seem like professionals who can take out a top side in the nba league, and in all honesty, really looked stunning, especially when they mimic various dunking moves, and performing combo-moves thanks to technology and stunt work. so in actuality, the kung fu elements don't really have to be in the movie. the stunt work itself will be able to justify most of the moves as they're quite grounded to reality, only having you to suspend belief that boys of average height have springs in their feet to leap that height for a professional dunk.pity too that the number of games were only a handful, with the time spent on plenty of subplots, but each were loosely developed and flitted in and out of the story as and when they please. things like the abandoned shi-jie's quest to use the basketball games to get his parents to one day attend them, that of gangsterism penetrating and influencing games, and his love life with charlene choi in yet another flower vase role just to look good and do nothing else. everyone's acting a little too cool, leaving little room for main characters to add depth. one of the key themes here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than on individual talent and ability, and it could have been brought out much stronger if the players themselves interacted a lot more off the court, than only on it, and during competitive games, apart from the high-fives and friendly passes.with the us$10 million budget, it is easy to see where the money went to - the effects, in particular, a massive fantasy sequence at a crucial point in the movie. it's quite flawless, nice to look at and probably justifiable on its quality alone, but again i like to emphasize, that even without those elements, the basketball stunts itself would still make this a decent movie with nifty basketball moves. and having jay chou playing for your team is a big boost to any hopes of a box office success.

jay chou plays an orphan raised in a kung fu school, but kicked out by the corrupt headmaster after fighting with a bunch of thugs in the employ of a nefarious villain. he happens upon down-on-his-luck trickster eric tsang, who immediately sees cash potential in the youngster's skills. basketball is the chosen avenue for riches, and tsang bids to get him a spot on a university team and to promote him in the media. general success leads to a basketball championship and a really nasty rival team managed by the same nefarious villain of before.it's all a bit shaolin soccer i guess, but not so quirky or ridiculous - the plot sticks pretty close to sports movie conventions, and delivers all the elements the crowd expects from the set-up. you've seen it all before, but it's the kind of stuff it never hurts to see again when it's done well. luckily it really is done well here (some might say 'surprisingly' with chu yen-ping in the director's chair... i expect he had good 'assistants') - the script delivers and the presentation is slick and stylish. jay chou remains pretty much expressionless throughout, but such is his style, and when he does let an emotion flicker across it can be to quite good comic effect. eric tsang compensates with a larger-than-life character that he's played many times before (in real life, for instance) who gets many of the films most emotional moments.since the film revolves around basketball, it's good that the scenes of basketball matches are suitably rousing. the cast show some real skill, including chou, and some well done wirework and cgi add that element of hyper-real kung fu skill that make the scenes even more entertaining (assuming you like that sort of thing) and justify the movie's plot/existence.there's only one significant fight scene in the movie, but it's a doozy in the "one against many" style. jay chou appears to do a lot of his own moves, and is quite impressive - he's clearly pretty strong and fast for real, and ching siu-tung's choreography makes him look like a real martial artist. i wish there'd been more, but at least it's a lengthy fight.very much the kind of chinese new year blockbuster i hoped it would be from the trailer, and recommended viewing!

i don't care if you'd like my comment or no but i think that you who write that the movie isn't good..you're so obsessed by the films of hollywood that you can't see how good is this movie i'm not a fan of jay chou but i like his play and not only his... and may be you think that there is not a big sense in the idea and may be you think it's not so interesting but look deeply there is more than action in the movies more than love and passion and tears there is more than usa in the world and it's good :) really good. and it cost a lot to do it so please don't criticize the actors the directors cause you don't know how hard they work for you to be happy in this hour and a half watching them thank you :)

a mess of genres but it's mainly based on stephen chow's genre mash-ups for it's inspiration. there's magic kung-fu, college romance, sports, gangster action and some weepy melodrama for a topping. the production is excellent and the pacing is fast so it's easy to get past the many flaws in this film.a baby is abandoned next to a basketball court. a homeless man brings him to a shaolin monastery that's in the middle of a city along with a special kung fu manual that the homeless man somehow has but can't read. the old monk teaches the boy but expires when he tries to master the special technique in the manual. the school is taken over by a phony kung fu master who is assisted by four wacky monks. the new master gets mad at the now 20+ year old boy for not pretending to be hurt by the master's weak punches and throws him out for the night. the boy is found throwing garbage into a basket from an incredible distance by a man who bring him to a gangster's club to play darts. this leads to a big fight, the boy's expulsion from the monastery and the man's decision to turn the boy into a college basketball sensation.al this happens in the first 20 minutes with most of it happening in the first 10 minutes. aside from the extreme shorthand storytelling the first problem is how little we get to know the main character until way into the movie. the man who uses the boy is more sharply defined by the time the first third is over. the plot follows no new ground except for the insane action climax of the film. i'm sure you can easily imagine how the wacky monks will show up towards the end. the effects, photography and stunt work are all top- notch and make up for the uninspired plot. stephen chow has a much better command of plot and comedy writing and this film will live in his shadow but that's not a good reason to ignore it. it's quite entertaining even with a scatter-shot ending. recommended.

just finished watching the movie and wanted to give my own opinion(and justice) to the movie.first of all, to get things straight, this movie is not pretending to be anything other than a solid action comedy movie. it doesn't aim to revolutionize the movie industry and garner critical acclaims nor does it want to be regarded as one. if you really want to enjoy this movie to the fullest, i suggest you discard your critical-mindedness and your longing for a good plot because you won't find any in here. with that established, let us further into the movie.i had low expectations for this movie simply because it didn't have a strong plot(yes, moviegoers, i underrated this movie as well), but i never expected myself to enjoy this movie that much. i even enjoyed this more than the stephen chow flicks(which i find kung fu hustle to be his best effort and would've rated it a 9 as well). action is tight and epic while comedy chokes on to the right places.spoilers alert, i think the action might be unreal, but why would i want to watch a serious basketball movie anyways? there are a lot other sports movies(drama) that already did it well, why create another? spoilers endi'm not even sure why you're reading this. go ahead and watch it. just remember, no thinking - just watch, enjoy, smile, laugh, and every once in a while they(the movie industry) creates masterpieces such as pulp fiction or the godfather movies, and sometimes they create movies which are better off in the pile of dump. i'm not saying kung fu dunk deserves the recognition that the previous examples have, then again, if we're talking about stephen chow-ish comedy, this one's a top ten.highly recommended if you love: -no brainer movies with really good action -kung fu -death trance -kung fu and comedy -what the heck, watch this. you'll have a great time.9/10 for you the cast of kung fu dunk. ^_^

the movie is absolutely silly.but were you expecting a high-brow intellectual film based on a comic called slam dunk? really? jay chou's acting isn't exactly the most moving thing i've ever seen, but i certainly enjoyed the movie. was it somewhere near the level of awesome that someone like jet li or stephen chow can produce? no, not really. was it thoroughly entertaining if you're just taking it at surface value? absolutely. it's a movie about some chinese eye-candy idols and musicians who can play basketball at an unreal level of expertise. there's an evil triad-style dude and a wacky scheming guy who gets jay chou involved in all of this. a love interest. it's formulaic but really, suspend disbelief for a while. come on. it's called kung fu dunk. what do you really think you signed on for? do yourself a favor if you watch it - i found myself a copy with some engrish subtitles that made the movie nigh unintelligible conversation wise, but we got a great laugh out of it. they would appear to be extremely fixated on jerusalem and the numbers 1, 10.i laughed, i cried, i hurled. i'd watch it again.especially for that fight scene in the bar. well choreographed and well shot. i especially enjoy the plexiglass lit pool table - i'd love to play on one of those.slick enough for me, but i dig on trash cinema.

i don't know the stars, or modern chinese teenage music - but i do know a thoroughly entertaining movie when i see one.kung fu dunk is pure hollywood in its values - it's played for laughs, for love, and is a great blend of kung fu and basketball.everybody looks like they had a lot of fun making this - the production values are excellent - and modern china looks glossier than los angeles here.the plot of the abandoned orphan who grows up in a kung fu school only to be kicked out and then discover superstardom as a basketball play (and love and more etc;) is great - this is fresh, fun, and immensely entertaining.with great action and good dialogue this is one simply to enjoy - for all ages - and for our money was one of the best family movies we're seen in a long time.please ignore the negative reviews and give dunk a chance - we were really glad we did - a good sports comedy movie.

was'nt really bad for raw's first ppv of 006. but the ending was really really shocking to everyone in attendance & the ones who were watching at home.first match- ric flair vs. edge w/ lita for the wwe intercontinental championship not a bad opener, these two can seriously put on a great match if they had more time to put on a wrestling match. flair wins by dq after edge slams him with his mitb briefcase. 3/10 second match- trish stratus vs. mickie james for the wwe women's championship not bad noticing the fact that this is the first time these divas faced off in the ring together. mickie goes for a modified chick kick, but trish ducks & nails her own chick kick for the win to retain her title. 3/10 third match- triple h vs. big show seriously good this match was, really. the whole match hhh focuses on big show's injured arm but big show still fights back. later hhh is able to topple down big show & nails a pedigree for the win. 5/10 fourth match- shelton benjamin w/ mama vs. viscera {this was a bonus match} not that bad, it was alright. after viscera was down, behind the referee, benjamin's mama got a purse {which had bricks in it} & slammed viscera on the head with it three times. viscera got up only to get caught with a spinning heel kick by benjamin for the win against the big man. 4/10fifth match- jerry 'the king' lawler vs. gregory helms boring, slow & sloppy. both men didn't really put a very good effort. jerry lawler wins after a fist drop for the win. 2/10sixth match- torrie wilson vs. victoria vs. ashley vs. maria vs. candice michelle in a first ever women's gauntlet match it was pretty entertaining to me. ashley {i think} eliminates candice last to win the first ever women's gauntlet match. 5/10 seventh match- john cena vs. chris masters vs. carlito vs. shawn michaels vs. kane vs. kurt angle w/ daivari in an elimination chamber match for the wwe championship it was a cool elimination chamber match. but nothing will top last year's elimination chamber which was the best. the last three are masters, cena & carlito. carlito turns his back on masters & gets a roll-up on him to eliminate him. seconds later cena gets a roll-up on carlito for the three count to win the elimination chamber & retain his wwe title. but his night was not over yet. 7/10 after the match, vince mcmahon comes out & congratulates cena for his victory. vince mcmahon states that his night is not over yet, & says that edge cashes in his money in the bank opportunity to challenge cena for the title. edge comes out with lita, gives the briefcase to vince & heads off in the ring as cena has one more match to go here tonight.eight match- john cena vs. edge w/ lita for the wwe championship {cena who is busted open during the chamber match} gets pounded straight away by edge, edge then nails a spear on cena, goes for the cover & to his shock cena breaks out. edge nails another spear & covers for the shocking three count as he has beat cena & has won the wwe championship for the first time in his career. 1/10 so last year's new years revolution was better than this year's, but it was still alright. the ec match was also good & the shocking of edge cashing in his mitb opportunity is definitely the most shockingest on the ppv show.overall: i'll give it 7/10 & a c

wwe armageddon, december 17, 2006 -- live from richmond coliseum, richmond, va kane vs. mvp in an inferno match: so this is the fourth ever inferno match in the wwe and it is kane vs. mvp (wonder why was it the first match on the card). i only viewed the ending parts where kane sets mvp's ass on fire as they're on the apron and then mvp is running around the arena while yelling – eventually the refs put out the fire with a fire extinguisher as mvp sprawls around the entrance ramp. funny and visually quite entertaining ending. 7/10wwe tag team championship: this was originally supposed to be william regal & dave taylor vs. brian kendrick & paul london (c) in a regular tag team match. however, gm teddy long comes to the ring and announces that it's going to be a fatal 4-way tag team ladder match. mnm and the hardys are thrown in and it's all chaos. one word to describe this eye-opener – wow. man, i really can't remember how many sick spots there were in this match and words can't really do it justice. there was one particularly notable spot where the hardys set up a ladder in a see-saw position and jeff jumped off the top rope while matt held mnm for the kill, and then wham! nitro blew away while mercury apparently botched it and was bleeding like hell with lacerations over his face. he had to be taken away and nitro continued the match alone. another spot was when jeff powerbombed london while flipping off the ladder. there were other high-flying breathtaking spots too many to remember. london finally unbuckles the belts to win this rave show-stealer. 8.5/10the boogeyman vs. the miz: the two men get thrown in and around the ring until boogeyman explodes a sit-out powerbomb for the victory and then and drools worms over the miz's mouth as usual. 5.5/10 for this three-minute incognito.united states championship: chris benoit (c) faces off chavo guerrero in yet another typical guerrero match. some good spots included a superplex off the top rope by chavo and an unusually long chain of german suplexes by benoit. vicki guerrero comes in the ring with the belt to nail benoit but benoit scares her off and takes a long time deciding whether to put her in a sharpshooter or not. this allows chavo to go for a roll-up but benoit rolls it up once more and chavo is locked in the sharpshooter. game over. nice hard-fought battle albeit slow at times. 7/10wwe cruiserweight championship: gregory helms (c) vs. jimmy wang yang for this one, in a fairly moderate-paced match. the match had some good high-flying spots – most notably helms' moves off the top rope – but the crowd didn't seem to be into it after witnessing the ladder match, and yang needs to get more airborne. helms won the match after blowing yang away with a facebuster on the knee. 7.5/10the undertaker vs. mr. kennedy in a last ride match: after a series of matches between these two, this time it is a last ride match, the second ever of its kind and the winner has to escort his opponent out of the arena in a hearse. pretty good indeed for what these two could offer. kennedy manhandled a good deal of taker and even broke free of a chokeslam to throw taker off the armageddon set about 15 feet below; and thank god for kennedy, otherwise it would've been brutal. kennedy almost got the win until taker got back up inside the hearse (i liked the camera view inside the hearse). taker then missed a steel pipe hurl on kennedy and broke the hearse's window instead, but then later busted kennedy open with a chair, and followed with a consecutive chokeslam and tombstone on the hearse's roof. kennedy was unconscious and taker drove him out of the arena to win. i actually found myself really interested into these guys' willingness to take/give real sick shots. 7.5/10santa comes into the ring, i go "what the hell?" like many of the kids in the crowd, and then the word "lingerie contest" gets in my ear. break time.batista & john cena vs. finlay & king booker: talk about charisma vs. technicality. this match was actually a quite good main event with the momentum rationally shifting from one team to the other and retaining good suspense. even finlay got some legitimate good shots on his opponents this time (i kind of doubted his strength against the champs), and him and booker mainly didn't succeed in trying to cheat — except at one point where booker rammed his scepter into cena's throat. batista hits the bomb on booker for the win, didn't get to see the f-u; cena performed the 5 knuckle shuffle anyhow and i think he also did the stfu. this was probably the best technical match of the night and the participants did superbly indeed for what they could without a ladder 7.5/10.being an on-and-off wwe fan, i have to agree that armageddon was laced up with numerous eye-catchers throughout, and the ladder match ultimately swallowed half of the show; the last ride match featured some fairly nerve-wrenching spots, and the main event also did very well for its category. all other matches also lived up to their billing except perhaps the boogeyman vs. the miz bout and the ever-useless lingerie contest. overall armageddon was a highly enjoyable pay-per-view and despite some big setbacks earlier in the ppv chronology, armageddon wishes this year's goodbye respectably. ppv rating: 8/10.

armageddon ppvthe last ppv of 2006smackdown brand.match results ahead********we are starting the show with the inferno match. kane v. mvp. this was an okay match. nothing about wrestling here. this was about the visuals. overall, this was not bad. there were a few close spots here with kane getting too close to the fire, but in the end, kane won with ramming mvp into the fire back first.nice opener. let's continue.teddy long announces a new match for the tag team titles: london and kendrick will defend against: regal and taylor, the hardyz, and mnm in a ladder match!!!! let's get moving!match two: fatal four way ladder match. this was total carnage. judging by three out of the four teams here, you would expect chaos. the spots were amazing. a total spot-fest. one point jeff went for poetry in motion and london moved and jeff hit the ladder! shortly afterword, jeff is set on the top rope with two ladders nearby as mnm were going to kill jeff, matt makes the save and jeff hits the "see-saw" shot to joey mercury! mercury is hurt. his eye is shut quickly and is busted open hard way. mercury is taken out of the match and nitro is still there. he is going to fight alone for the titles! regal and taylor then grab london and suplex him face-first into the ladder! jeff climbs the ladder and nitro in a killer spot, dropkicks through the ladder to nail jeff! awesome! in the end, london and kendrick retain the tag team titles. what a match!!!this was insane. i can't figure out why wwe did not announce this till now. the buyrate would increase huge. i'm sure the replay value will be good though.mercury has suffered a shattered nose and lacerations to the eye. he is at the hospital now. get well kid.no way anything else here will top that.next up: the miz v. boogeyman.(ugh) this was a nothing match. will the boogeyman ever wrestle? the miz sucks too. after a insane crowd, this kills them dead. dud.chris benoit v. chavo. this was a strong match. i enjoyed it. chavo hit a killer superplex at one point! benoit hit eight german suplexes too! benoit wins with the sharpshooter. good stuff.helms v. yang-cruiserweight title championship match. this was a good match. unfortunately, the stupid fans did not care for this. why? helms and yang are very talented and wrestled well. i agree with jbl. he ranted to the crowd. jbl is 100% correct. learn to appreciate this or get out. mr. kennedy v. the undertaker-last ride match. not too much here. this was a slug fest, with a few exceptions. kennedy at one point tossed taker off the top of the stage to the floor. the spot was fine. reaction was disappointing. the end spot was taker tomb-stoned kennedy on the hearse and won the match. unreal. kennedy needed this win. they both worker hard. still, kennedy needed this win. undertaker should have lost. creative screwed up again.a stupid diva thing is next. i like women. not this. at least torrie was not here. that's refreshing. judging from the crowd, layla should have won. the wwe wanted ashley. consider this your bathroom break. next.main event: cena & batista v. finlay & booker t. this was also a nothing match. the focus was cena v. finlay and batista v. booker. batista and booker can't work well together. finlay tries to make cena look good. the finish was botched. finlay hit batista's knee with a chair shot and batista no-sold the shot and finished the match. lame. not main event caliber at all.overall, armageddon would have scored less, but the ladder match was the main event here. that was enough money's worth right there. a few others were solid. the last word: a good ppv with the ladder match being the savior. smackdown is not a bad show just is not compelling enough. smackdown needs to stop letting cena tag along. let smackdown stand on their own two legs. this show proves that smackdown can.

wwe's last ppv of 2006, proved to be a hit with the fans, but for one reason only, the ladder match which was only scheduled to be paul london and brian kendrick against william regal and dave taylor. but with the recent crap ppv being december to dismember, wwe knew that it had to do something to get the fans talking again, this proved useful when it introduced mnm and the hardy boyz to the mix and announced that the match was going to be a ladder match.the match was brutal and one of the best ladder matches i have ever seen, but joey mercury's face was a total mess. johnny nitro didn't even check on his partner, they just carried on like nothing happened, and taylor and regal did nothing during the match except hit people with a few ladder shots. in the end london and kendrick retained the titles.elsewhere on the show kane defeated mvp in a decent inferno match when he set mvp's stupid costume on fire. chris benoit downed chavo guerrero in a decent match, gregory helms defeated jimmy wang yang to retain the wwe cruiserweight title in a solid effort.but the main event was a total mess, king booker teamed with finlay to take on john cena and batista. the action was shoddy and no one cared who batista picked for his partner.overall results: kane defeated mvp in an inferno match.paul london and brian kendrick retained the wwe tag team titles against the hardy boyz, mnm and david taylor and william regal in a ladder match.chris benoit defeated chavo guerrero to retain the us title in a decent match.gregory helms defeated jimmy wang yang to retain the cruiserweight championship.the boogeyman beat the miz in a terrible match.the undertaker defeated mr kennedy in a last ride match.john cena and batista defeated king booker and finlay in an abysmal match.overall grade - b

wwe has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history over the past few months. cyber sunday, survivor series and december to dismember were appalling to say the least and so it was relying on its b brand show, smackdown! to attempt to end the year on a high note. armageddon had two major gimmick matches in the last ride and inferno matches, three championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the shape of a tag team war featuring batista and john cena against king booker and finlay. however, it was an amendment to one of those championship matches that brought us not only the match of the night but also now a match of the year candidate when teddy long gave us fans an early christmas present. t-lo changed the wwe tag team championship match from champions, london and kendrick against to regal and taylor to a four team ladder match including mnm and the hardy boyz.i am not going to dwell on this match too much as nothing i can say would be able to do it justice. this has to be seen to be believed. there were many high spots and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings. the one move i have to talk about however was the one that took joey mercury straight to the emergency room midway through the contest. jeff hardy jumped onto a ladder that was set up in the see saw position with matt hardy holding both members of mnm over the opposite end of it to take the full force. unfortunately for mercury he didn't get his hands up to protect his face and took the ladder full force in the nose and left eye. this was vicious. his face was instantly a mess for all to see and not surprisingly this ended mercury's night early. we found out later he suffered a broken nose and cuts under his left eye. be warned. this is not for the faint of heart. the ending to this roller-coaster of a match came after paul london managed to grab both championship belts for the victory. i have been watching wrestling for almost 15 years and it doesn't get any better than this match. unbelievable.the night opened with only the 4th ever inferno match. kane took on mvp in a good match but it was all about the visual and not really about the action. there were a few close calls with the flames for both competitors but in the end it was kane who forced mvp onto the flames after they both ended up outside the ring. mvp ran around the ring whilst his butt was on fire and there was a sick part of me that laughed watching this. may i suggest to michael hayes that mvp comes out next week on smackdown! to johnny cash's ring of fire.the other gimmick match of the night, and the second match of a triple main event was an all out war last ride match between mr kennedy and the undertaker. this was a stiff match from start to finish and was the best of the series undertaker and kennedy have had yet. the used poles, chairs and one scene had the undertaker thrown 15 feet from the armageddon set onto what was suppose to be the concrete floor. unfortunately it was plain to see that this was nothing but a crash mat and crowd didn't pop for this. the ending came after a chokeslam by the dead man to kennedy on top of the hearse followed quickly by a match-winning tombstone.in other notable happening from the card. chris benoit defeated chavo guerrero by submission in another stiff match. this was a very good bout with benoit hitting 8 german suplexes on chavo at one time. benoit was also considering whether to put vikki guerrero in the sharpshooter or not. luckily he came to his senses and let her go. this led to chavo attempting the roll up only for it to be countered into the sharpshooter for the submission.another cracking match on the card was the cruiserweight championship contest between the longest reigning champion in wwe, gregory helms and jimmy wang yang. featuring a lot of high flying and dangerous spots, some of which took place outside the ring, this was a match much more deserving of the crowd response than what it got. jbl put it best when he berated the fans in richmond, virginia for sitting on their hands during this one and at one point even started a boring chant. helms picked up the duke after a jawbreaker type manoeuvre with his knees to smackdowns! resident redneck.the boogeyman pinned the miz in a worthless match. i hate the boogeyman with a passion. only worth listening too for jbl's ranting about miz. jbl is comedy gold.the last match of the night was main event number 3. world heavyweight champion, batista and wwe champion, john cena teamed up to take on finlay and the champion of champions, king booker. there was no way the match could top the tag team championship match from earlier on but it entertained none the less. the match would have been more memorable had it been given an extra five to ten minutes but how many times have i said that about wwe matches this year already. it was king booker who was pinned at the end of the match after a big batistabomb.so 2006 is over for the wwe in regards to it's pay-per-view schedule. it started the year on a terrible note with new year's revolution but ended on a high one with armageddon. this ladder match will long be remembered as one of the greatest ladder matches of all time. my hat is off to all eight competitors who but their bodies on the line to give the fans one hell of a match.

i felt this movie was as much about human sexuality as anything else, whether intentionally or not. we are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to be allowed to such a nationally important event, meanwhile forgetting the pasts of our respective "advanced" nations. i write from japan, where women merely got the right to vote 60 years ago, and female technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. pubs in england were once all-male, the business world was totally off-limits for women in america until rather recently, and women in china had their feet bound so they couldn't develop feet strong enough to escape their husbands. iran is conveniently going through this stage in our time, and we get a good look at how ridiculous we have all looked at one time or another. back to the issue of sexuality, we are made to wonder what it may be intrinsically about women that make them unfit for a soccer game (the official reason is that the men are bad). especially such boyish girls, a couple so much so that you even get the feeling that lesbianism is on the agenda as well. i think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones who would try to get in in the first place. the opening scenes of the approach to the stadium makes you appreciate the valor of the young women trying to get in -- and each one separately -- at all. it is a brutish man's world. any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! the world of sexuality is not one-size-fits-all.meanwhile, the apprehended criminal girls bond inside the makeshift pen awaiting their deportation to who-knows-where, and in a much more subtle way, begin to bond with the guards keeping watch over them. these had definite ideas about women and femininity, which were being challenged head-on. the change in attitude is glacial, but visible.since the movie is pure iran from the first moment, it takes a little easing-into for the foreigner, but the characters have a special way of endearing themselves to you, and you end up getting the whole picture, and even understanding the men's misunderstandings and give them slack. the supposed villain is the unseen patriarchy of the ayatollahs, which remain unseen and unnamed, and likely unremembered.knowing that this movie was filmed during the actual event of the iran-bahrain match gives me a feeling of awe for all involved.

it was simple and yet so nice. i think the whole sense of sex segregation in society, which can be bitter, was shown very delicately. it had a bitter kind of hummer in it. the fact that most of the actors were not professionals, made the movie more tangible and more realistic. there was a "documentary" side to the movie too. the best scenes were those that all the girls, banned from watching, were listening passionately to the soldier, who is supposed to keep an eye on them, broadcasting the game. if you are an iranian, the familiar cheering and dancing in the streets after a game won, fills you up with national pride!! if you are not iranian, you'll still love it all the same!

there are enough sad stories about women and their oppression by religious, political and societal means. not to diminish the films and stories about genital mutilation and reproductive rights, as well as wage inequality, and marginalization in society, all in the name of allah or god or some other ridiculous justification, but sometimes it is helpful to just take another approach and shed some light on the subject.the setting is the 2006 match between iran and bahrain to qualify for the world cup. passions are high and several women try to disguise themselves as men to get into the match.the women who were caught (played by sima mobarak-shahi, shayesteh irani, ayda sadeqi, golnaz farmani, and mahnaz zabihi) and detained for prosecution provided a funny and illuminating glimpse into the customs of this country and, most likely, all muslim countries. their interaction with the iranian soldiers who were guarding and transporting them, both city and villagers, and the father who was looking for his daughter provided some hilarious moments as we thought about why they have such unwritten rules.it is mainly about a paternalistic society that feels it has to save it's women from the crude behavior of it's men. rather than educating the male population, they deny privilege and rights to the women.seeing the changes in the soldiers responsible and the reflection of iranian society, it is nos surprise this film will not get any play in iran. but jafar panahi has a winner on his hands for those able to see it.

which do you think the average person would know more/less about: iranian cinema or iranian football? interestingly, the two come to the forefront of controversial iranian filmmaker jafar panahi's latest film entitled 'offside', a tale that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of scenes revolving around one's right to do something or go somewhere and an individual's right to extend that courtesy if and when they'd like to. the odd thing is, you don't come away from offside having learnt about iranian football or too much about iranian cinema (unless it's an education in panahi's controversial style), but you do come away feeling enlightened, that at least someone from iran has taken a controversial issue that is clearly still very much in force in a nation like iran, and is willing to present it to an international audience rather than exploit it.i can remember the 2006 world cup, i'm sure many people can. it was the summer after my initial year out at university and after the slog that was my first year, a summer of world cup football acted as a nicely timed tonic. needless to say, i saw practically every game bar the ones they show simultaneously with the other ones at the very end of the group stages so that to avoid incidences as seen in spain '82 when it was thought west germany and austria transpired to get a result between them that would see them both through at the expense of algeria.anyone in britain that was watching the bbc's broadcast of the iran – mexico game, both nations' first of the tournament, may remember that at the top of the show, the bbc's football anchorman gary lineker let off a snide comment to introduce the match. it went something like: 'we've seen giants germany, england, argentina and holland play but now we get to see.........mexico and iran battle it out'. the emphasis on the latter two being inferior was clear and that maybe watching them was a chore. it's a shame because there are people, and films like offside present them, who are really willing to see iran play to the point where they risk their well-being to achieve it and it's sad when people in a position of power dismiss what they deem 'inferior' when there are others who'd do anything to have the chance to otherwise engage.when immediately thinking of the words 'iran', 'football' and 'world cup', my mind flies back to the france '98 game between said nation and america. here is a film about a world cup game of sorts involving iran but where some or indeed most iranian filmmakers may well have opted to present a tale revolving around iran's famous victory over the united states and what that meant to them, director panahi chooses to look at what goes on behind the scenes and presents a story from the stands as women are barred from football matches and are not allowed to live the ecstasy of winning a game of immense magnitude. you can imagine a heavy handed film detailing iran's 'victory' as a lumbering propaganda film designed to exploit as they 'defeat' a western power or 'enemy' at a sport they perhaps were not expected to do so in.a couple of films that spring to mind when it comes to beating the unbeatable at their own game are 2001 indian film 'lagaan', in which the indian peasants defeat the ruling british at cricket. similalry, 2005's 'the game of their lives' sees the americans defeat the english at a football match only this time in the 1950 world cup. the differences between these films and offside are immense; offside is looking at a situation behind a state's mentality and dares to explore an essence of feminism as the girls, trying to see their beloved iran defeat bahrain and qualify for the world cup, are rounded up like animals and kept in a crude purgatory mere feet from a barred window that would allow them to see the game. the reasoning is to do with the foul language the men 'may', not will, but 'may' use during the game. the film presents iran as so incompetent that they cannot take away a man's right to swear and ban the bad language but must ban a woman's right to see the game all together – it is no wonder panahi's film was itself banned in iran.but panahi remembers to include what makes the rule so crazy in the first place by frequently allowing his female characters to both smoke cigarettes and use mobile phones, two things the doctors and scientists will have you think are far more dangerous to the human body/mind than hearing a little bit of foul language at a football match. panahi pays special attention to the title of his film 'offside' which itself is a ruling within football detailing when an 'attacker' is 'caught' trying to gain an advantage in the field of play. the parallels run with the womens' position in the film as these advancing (supposedly without right) individuals are caught trying to put one over the opposition team; that being the state itself.i think offside is one of the better films to come out of the middle east and surrounding gulf area that i've seen. it's a tense but humbling film about people who do not carry any acting history according to the imdb and thus, the acting is raw and real adding that quaint neo-realist aura to it all. the immediate ending is haunting and the constant verbal battle between the male soldiers and female wrong-doers who dared to defy the state is wonderful. i also think for anyone to actually dislike the film for the reasons i've mentioned shows a distinct level of callous, either that or you work in the iranian government.

offside is the story of teenage-girls who tried to sneak in the stadium to watch final world cup qualifying soccer match in tehran that may lead iran to the 2006 world cup in germany. females are forbidden to go to stadium by law in iran, although many of them dress like boys and sneak in. stadium guards search every one at the entrance to make sure no one carries fireworks and of course; no girl gets in.like most of panahi's work, his armature cast's performance was superb. you actually think that you are watching a documentary. the dialogs between the girls and the privates were executed delicately and astonishingly believable. the film depicts the interactions between captives and the drafted guards who themselves are serving mandartory away from their family and friends in a funny sort of way. at the end, the audience realizes that there is not such a difference between the girls and the guards who were just following orders.

this is a totally delightful and unexpected film. you start by following a young person who hopes to get into the qualifying football game between bahrain and iran. if iran win they will get into the 2006 world cup in germany. the problem is the young person is a girl and girls (or women for that matter) are not allowed into football matches to "sit with men". what follows is a wonderful comedy, played with consummate skill by a small ensemble cast. the film explores the absurdity of restrictions on the freedom of women (and for that matter the young soldiers who have to corral them). there are some excellent set pieces, not least when one of the girls must go to the toilet and, of course, the stadium has no toilets for women. the camera work is of the simplest and in some ways this story could have been told as a stage play. yet it is the small scale that gives the film its bite. great cinema? no, probably not; great entertainment - for sure.

in iran, women are not permitted to attend men's sporting events, apparently to "protect" them from all the cursing and foul language they might hear emanating from the male fans (so since men can't restrain or behave themselves, women are forced to suffer. go figure.). "offside" tells the tale of a half dozen or so young women who, dressed like men, attempt to sneak into the high-stakes match between iran and bahrain that, in 2005, qualified iran to go to the world cup (the movie was actually filmed in large part during that game)."offside" is a slice-of-life comedy that will remind you of all those great humanistic films ("the shop on main street," "loves of a blonde," "closely watched trains" etc.) that flowed out of communist czechoslovakia as part of the "prague miracle" in the mid 1960's. as with many of those works, "offside" is more concerned with observing life than with devising any kind of elaborately contrived fictional narrative. indeed, it is the simplicity of the setup and the naturalism of the style that make the movie so effective.once their ruse is discovered, the girls are corralled into a small pen right outside the stadium where they can hear the raucous cheering emanating from the game inside. stuck where they are, all they can do is plead with the security guards to let them go in, guards who are basically bumbling, good-natured lads who are compelled to do their duty as a part of their compulsory military service. even most of the men going into the stadium don't seem particularly perturbed at the thought of these women being allowed in. still the prohibition persists. yet, how can one not be impressed by the very real courage and spunk displayed by these women as they go up against a system that continues to enforce such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? and, yet, the purpose of these women is not to rally behind a cause or to make a "point." they are simply obsessed fans with a burning desire to watch a soccer game and, like all the men in the country, cheer on their team.it's hard to tell just how much of the dialogue is scripted and how much of it is extemporaneous, but, in either case, the actors, with their marvelously expressive faces, do a magnificent job making each moment seem utterly real and convincing. mohammad kheir-abadi and shayesteh irani are notable standouts in a uniformly excellent cast. the structure of the film is also very loose and freeform, as writer/director jafar panahi and co-writer shadmehr rastin focus for a few brief moments on one or two of the characters, then move smoothly and effortlessly onto others. with this documentary-type approach, we come to feel as if we are witnessing an actual event unfolding in "real time." very often, it's quite easy for us to forget we're actually watching a movie.it was a very smart move on the part of the filmmakers to include so much good-natured humor in the film (it's what the czech filmmakers did as well), the better to point up the utter absurdity of the situation and broaden the appeal of the film for audiences both domestic and foreign. "offside" is obviously a cry for justice, but it is one that is made all the more effective by its refusal to make of its story a heavy-breathing tragedy. instead, it realizes that nothing breaks down social barriers quite as efficiently as humor and an appeal to the audience's common humanity. and isn't that what true art is supposed to be all about? in its own quiet, understated way, "offside" is one of the great, under-appreciated gems of 2007.

different film directors from different countries have contributed to the film medium a lot by their thoughts. as a result, we have experienced different genres when the medium is concerned. jafar panahi, unlike j.l. godard or f. truffault, believes in simple story telling; schematic narratives is one of the main traits of his directorial job. he has trust upon the automatic as well as critical intelligence of the viewer; he does not feel any necessity to go for alienation or such things to reach to the viewers. he is equally effective despite being conventional. offside (2006), is another schematic creation from him, where gender subordination of middle-east asia gets gradually clear to everybody as the simple but catchy tale of the movie progresses. now-a-days, when all of us are shouting on the issue of rights of women, this movie very calmly creeps into our mind and ultimately becomes a hump for our critical intelligence by conveying the message that the egality of human rights is nothing but an illusive good, an utopia. paternity will never let the women to be empowered. an important soccer match where the nation is participating, a teenage girl who understands the game well, loves her nation does not have the rights to enter into the stadium to cheer for her country. she is merely permitted to listen to the live commentary. her alias could not work for her. as a result, she had to undergo several humiliating situations. from the very beginning her worried father ran here and there for her daughter. at the end of the day, celebration came as the nation won the match which the girl could not see as she was detained in the outer side of the stadium during the match time. but the celebration cannot suppress the question of rights of women which remain in every corner of the world in different format. jafar panahi has most successfully pointed to this issue of gender abuse from with in the frame of conventional film making and patriarchy as well. a global tragedy has been dealt with ease and some times with humour which, in turn, teases our being constantly.

ah, the best and funniest movie about female football fans, only slightly better than the 1982 saga of teenage delusion set in north london (qv). by the way, i just watched this on film 4 [2008-12-21] and am ruing my inability to set the pvr).this is easily my second favourite football movie after "mike bassett: england manager", but this time with the added twist of looking like a guerrilla piece of movie-making from a team who apparently keep making movies which are banned in the country in which they are made (just think about the bit where the girls are taken from the stadium just as the sun is setting: fast reactions all round). it is rare for a movie to make me laugh out loud, but when the rural soldier escorted one of the girls into the lavvies while forcing her to wear an inpromptu mask made from a poster of ali daei, i couldn't stop waking the others in the house with my snorts, especially when the young soldier misunderstood the grandfather's calls for assistance... speaking of the toilets, i just wish i could speak farsi so that i could work out the writing on the toilet walls (yes, there were a few scribblings in roman script, but they mostly referred to wanky american rock bands).also, on the rural-and-farsi theme, don't you reckon that omid djalili sounds like a yokel when he talks farsi? listen to the custody sergeant in this movie and then go "yup."i'm not going to bore on about the sexual politics of iran, and i'm not going to bore on about the dubious acting; my love for this movie comes from the script and the editing: top notch stuff.here's a list of my top favourite football movies: 1. mike bassett, england manager 2. offside 3. those glory glory days 4. a shot at glory 5. the arsenal stadium mystery

not a bad film. somehow i was made to actually root for the iranians to win the game played in the movie even though i don't know anything about soccer and am not a fan. the ending on the bus was exhilarating.the film itself deals with the issue of women in iran, and how they are not allowed to go into sporting arenas amongst men because their swearing is inappropriate for women to hear. despite this law, some women try to sneak in, but many of them get caught and detained. it's really astonishing that any society could still have such antiquated notions of gender. in an interview, panahi says his films are documents of history and its injustices, and that one day in the future we can watch these movies and see how iran once lived. one hopes that future will come sooner rather than later.

on the face of it a film about women wanting to see a football match wouldn't appeal much to somebody with little interest in football such as myself however this isn't about football it is about discrimination and the women's enthusiasm for the sport they love.the film opens on the day of a crucial world cup qualifying match between iran and bahrain, a girl is trying to get in to tehran's azadi stadium by dressing like a boy, it looks like she will get in until a soldier tries to search her. once caught she is taken to a small enclosure high up on the outside of the stadium where there are a handful of women who had already been caught, here they are guarded by a small group of conscript soldiers who's leader would rather be back home tending his livestock. we never learn the character's names but we get to know them as people as the girls plead with the guards to let them watch though a nearby gap in the wall and when refused try to get them to at least provide a commentary.as well as making an important point about the rigid gender segregation in much of present day iran the film contains many hilarious moments such as the "disguise" one of the girls is made to wear when going to the toilet and the girl who disguised herself as a soldier and was only caught because she chose to watch the match from a seat reserved for a senior officer. the girls enthusiasm for the game is such that by the end the viewer is likely to be on the edge of their seat hoping that iran will win and thus get to go to the finals in germany. the soldiers aren't shown as fundamentalists, they are just conscripts who are there because they have to be and when explaining to the girls why woman can't watch men's sports don't seem that convinced by their own arguments.it is a shame that this film can't be seen in iran itself but it is good that the wider world can see it and thus see that ordinary iranians aren't a bunch of fanatics desperate to wage war on the west but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere. the cast did a great job in making their characters seem like real people rather than mere caricatures.

i probably doubled my knowledge of iran when i saw secret ballot (2001). now i know about four times as much (i doubt i learned a whole heck of a lot from not without my daughter (1991)).offside is a splendid budget iranian comedy about a group a girls (working individually) to attend a decisive soccer match for their country's place in the world cup. women are not allowed to attend soccer matches, so the nation's armed forces have been mobilized to save any women who try to enter from themselves. some (teen?) girls try to crash the party by dressing as boys, but are caught. the movie is mostly set at this holding pen where the girls are detained by soldiers, awaiting some unspecified punishment (although, the girl who dressed as a soldier claims that she was one insignia away from being executed!)the movie explores the absurdity of the situation. the thinking that bars women from football matches comes down to it being too raunchy an experience for the fairer sex–a philosophy not unknown in the west less than 100 years ago. this farce comes to a head when a girl needs to go to the bathroom, so a soldier escorting her demands that she cover her eyes so she can't see the graffiti. the conflict is not entirely about the battle of the sexes: at one point some friction arises between a solider who is rural and the girls who are urban.fortunately, this movie was not too culturally esoteric that the comedy was lost on this neighbour and cultural cousin of the great satan. you have to be in the mood for it, but no one should avoid this movie because they think that they won't get it.

i have to point out, before you read this review, that in no way, is this a statement against iranian people ... if you really want to read something into it, than hopefully you see, that i'm against politicians in general ... but if you're looking to be offended ... i can't help you!not in iran as this movie is banned there (see imdb trivia for this movie). which is a shame, because the movie is great. would it not be for "grbavica", this movie would have won at the international film festival in berlin.rightfully so (it was the runner-up, or second place if you will). why? because it is a movie about oppression. it's not even that this is a complete women issue. it is about the government trying to keep the people down. an analogy so clear that the government felt the need to ban the movie. but by banning it nothing is resolved and/or can they make this movie disappear! another reviewer had a great summary line: "comedy about a tragedy", that sums it up pretty well!

that's what one of the girls said at the end.is the soccer game a metaphor for a qualifying game between the girls (or more broadly, a free-thinking group) and the authority? "to germany" means to a future that's of hope? it's one of the most unforgettable cinematic experience i've ever had -- despite the crude cinematography and plot, and mild over-acting (though i like the cast -- they're lovable and well above the expectation for amateurs). the ridiculous situation is well captured. i can feel the deep frustration being denied to a game (being female and a soccer fan) and i cannot stop thinking how to make a convincing disguise. i wonder why there's no women's section in which protection from dirty language and bad behavior can be provided -- defeating the flawed reasons for the deny.the movie is very cleverly made -- the amazing title, the filming during the actual game, the spontaneity, and various methods to put the viewers into the shoes of the characters -- the game that's so important but inaccessible (not shown), the luring light and cheering sound from the stadium, the confinement of the van, and the uselessness of it when those inside connect with the celebrating crowds outside. i can feel the comfort coming from the radio, the drinks and the food, and of course, the kindness and consideration from each character to others. during the end credits, i am amused that no character has a name -- he's just any "soldier" and she's just any "girl" or "sister".

this was the first of panahi's films that i have seen, i saw it at melbourne film festival. i was totally absorbed by the different characters that he creates and how differently they react and behave compared to aussie kids and yet on other levels how similarly. i think perhaps if more people could see movies like this, they could see people as individuals and avoid racism that can often be fueled by the fear of the unknown. there are the obvious large political differences between oz culture and iranian culture, but i found the more subtle differences between the characters, that this film fleshes out so successfully on screen, extremely fascinating. there are idiosyncrasies in the characters that seem to me, so unique. i found it made the characters compelling viewing.

in iran, the islamic revolution has shaped all parts of life, including everyday things. but people still go on living their lives, generally just doing the things you'd expect, like go to soccer matches to cheer on the national team as it's in the running to qualify for the world cup. except women aren't allowed to go to the soccer stadium to watch the game.a frequently funny little film follows the small group of women that were caught sneaking into the soccer stadium and the little group of bored soldiers assigned to guard them in a holding pen just outside the stadium. the absurdity of the situation, the simple wish of these women to cheer on the team (nothing subversive there), and little human touches about the lives of everyone adds up to quite a fine comment on humanity versus the ideology.amateurish acting, good script and dialogue, a really enjoyable film. bend it like beckham, sort of - a warm heart and a joy in the daily interests and pleasures of people.

another fantastic film from a country, where due to decades of oppression from fundamentalist regimes, has no problems in creating passionate subject matter. panahi takes a different approach this time around with a blend of ironic comedy and an endearing, non-professional cast. while still getting across his message of what he sees as being inherently wrong with his country, he does so without the need of a heavy storyline. it is a positive take on a country, in particular its people, that the iranian population desperately need. the greatest pity is it won't be released domestically. the insular, paranoid iranian government assert that this fine film maker is only successful overseas because he is part of a global conspiracy to embarrass them. after growing up amid revolution and watching the academics, artists and educated 'disappear' over the last 25 years he shows great bravery in continuing to put his work out there. the realism achieved by shooting at the actual world cup qualifier really transports you to the event. the fact he shot it on 35mm is amazing as most would only attempt this project using a digital format. it looks fantastic. his insistence in only using non-professional actors also really works in this film. fine performances all round. after watching many films showing the problems iran has and also the news media reporting the facts we can tend to demonise the people as well as the government. this film does the opposite. it shows us they still love the same things and that by laughing at themselves and the absurd rules of sharia law that maybe a change for the better isn't too far away. some call panahi a feminist film maker but i think he just fights for the most oppressed demographic in iran. young, independent women.

panahi, whose previous films such as the circle and crimson gold have seemed to range from dour to grim, has produced in his new offside a funny, obstreperous, joyously chaotic ensemble piece that ends on a note of liberation and heartfelt fun – yet the movie deals with material quite as challenging and relevant as anything else he's done. by focusing on a group of ardent girl soccer fans caught sneaking into the pre-world cup bahrain-iran match in tehran stadium, panahi brings up issues of national spirit and independent-mindedness, and the contradictions – and sheer absurdity – of the regime's religious gender apartheid in a world of modern competition with a majority youth population and urban girls who increasingly think for themselves.as the film opens we breathlessly join one of the girls in a bus, with a father pursing a lost daughter. this one has a disguise and has national colors as warpaint, but we cringe with her in the knowledge of what's going to happen: she's still easily spotted. the thing is, most of the men around don't really care. still, rules are rules, and once they try to make it through the various checkpoints on the way into the big stadium the would-be soccer girls, or some of them anyway, get rounded up and held in a little compound upstairs in the stadium by some mostly young, green, and rustic soldier-cops who have no idea how to deal with these big city girls' independent ideas and would rather be watching the game – whose roar we constantly hear in the background – themselves. each girl is different – represents a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing it. one wore a soldier's uniform and got into the officers' section. one is tough and masculine and mocking and provocative (she could pass for a pretty boy, and teasingly hints at that: "are you a girl or a boy?" "which would you like me to be?"). one doesn't care very much about soccer but went to honor a dead comrade. one (aida sadeghi) is an ardent soccer player herself – and so on. these tehrani girls are stubborn and smart and they walk all over the uptight rural lieutenant in charge of them (safar samandar). one of the rural cops (mohamad kheirabadi) takes the girl soccer player to the men's restroom (of course there's no ladies'), forcing her to wear a poster of an italian football star as a mask. a comedy of errors and chaos follows in which the girl escapes.later a spiffy looking van comes with an officer who directs the cops to take the girls to the vice department – violating sexual segregation rules qualifies as vice. a male gets mixed in with them – a kid who's chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into the games. the van turns out not to be so spiffy: the radio aerial is broken. but one cop holds it in place so they can listen to the increasingly heart-stopping reportage. cops and prisoners are all joined in a common excitement now. there's no score, the game goes to penalty kicks, and the winner will go to germany.in the background through all this is a real game, a real stadium, and real masses of young men crazy about the outcome of this event. the excitement is tremendous, and the streets are jammed with cars and flags and a milling mob of supporters praying for an iranian win and united in their excitement.what makes this film so good, as may be clear by now, is that it's shot during the evening of an actual game with a real finale that turns everything around. this, in contrast to panahi's previous highly calculated narrative trajectories, is spontaneous vérité film-making that improvises in rhythm with a captured background of actual events and sweeps you into its excitement in ways that are quite thrilling.the essence of offside is the disconnect between modern world soccer madness and retro-islamic social prohibitions repressing women – the latter existing at a time when young iranian women are becoming part of a global world in which females participate in sport and share in the ardor of national team spirit. how exactly do you reconcile the country's ambition to become a modern global power with social attitudes that are medieval? a lot of offisde is astonishingly real, including the way everybody tries to talk their way out of everything. the director's decision to inject young actors into an actual sports mega-event leads to a stunningly effective blend of documentary, polemic, and fiction that is too energetic to seem to have a bone to pick, and that ends in a way that's brilliant and moving.i've had reservations about panahi's films before, but this one kicks ass. panahi does something remarkable here. he critiques his society, presents an unusual drama, and touches our hearts with a sense of a nation's aspirations.

the us state dept. would not like us to see this movie, because they have a beef with the iranian govt. however, it shows us just how civilized iran really is, despite the content of the film, which centers on the struggle of women there for equal rights in the simplest of terms: the ability to watch a soccer game at the stadium, which is strictly limited to male audiences alone. the film is hilariously funny, and in and of itself is proof of freedom of speech and expression in iran. i enjoyed this movie intensely. five girls try to penetrate the police border at the ticket gates to a soccer match between iran and bahrain. the ensuing comedy is too funny to describe, from the bus trip to the stadium, to the interceding of the police and subsequent detention of the girls, to the resulting end. don't miss this classic film. its a must see. one of the best foreign films i've seen in years.

"cinema is dead, long live the cinema!" said peter greenaway, one of the most innovative and productive contemporary directors, at the last year's romanian film festival anonimul, which got to the third edition and takes place in the danube delta. this year the direction prize went to jafar panahi's "offside". i got to see it this evening in bucharest at the festival's retrospective. cinema is dead but still very lively. panahi's film tells in a compelling manner how iranian society looks. digitally filmed, "offside" is a story inspired by a real-life event happened to panahi's daughter: the trouble and risk took when decided to attend a football match. this is forbidden in iran as we are informed. what panahi manages to do is to render with few means, but with, probably, a lot of work, intelligence and humor the cultural patterns in a society that places women at a distinct level. the absurdity of the laws becomes comical. the film has a happy end, after all because iran's team goes to the world cup. what i appreciated most was the concept, the idea behind this film. i would be very interested to see panahi's other films that were forbidden in iran as well. i guess that he can be thought as an activist director.

in the white balloon and crimson gold, the two other films by jafar panahi that i've seen, the director mines surprising amounts of depth in subjects that seem, on the surface, slight. in offside, panahi's seriocomic tribute to iranian women standing up for their rights, i don't think he's as successful. not that what he's saying isn't important, of course (and it's too bad that, like pretty much every other panahi film, iranians can't see it). but, after a while, the film feels a tad flat, and it feels long even at 90 minutes. not saying i didn't like it, though. the actors are all fantastic, and the celebration at the end of the film is infectious. but it's not an important work, in my opinion.

jafar panahi's comedy-drama "offside" portrays some women trying to enter a tehran sports arena from which women are banned. the official reason: lots of foul language, and the soccer players have their legs showing. but of course, it's really a case of sexism. so, most of the movie consists of mild comic relief as the women try to ask the men serious questions about why women are banned from the stadium, and one woman even comes up with her own scheme to defy the men.as i understand, all of jafar panahi's movies (this one included) are banned in iran. the real tragedy is that the cia's 1953 overthrow of the prime minister and subsequent backing of the brutal shah gave ayatollah khomeini an excuse to use his narrow interpretation of the koran to establish a chauvinistic society, and that george w. bush's current policy towards iran gives mahmoud ahmadinejad an excuse to act the cowboy and tighten censorship.above all, this is a neat look at people coming up with ways to challenge the system. not a great movie, but worth seeing. considering that all jafar panahi's movies are banned, i wonder how he's able to even make them.

in iran, women are officially banned from men's sporting events. in june 2005, the iran's national soccer team has an important game against bahrain in the azadi stadium for the qualification of the world cup. a group of iranian girls and lovers of soccer dresses like boys and unsuccessfully attempts to enter in the stadium being arrested.soccer (and flamengo's team), beach and movies are my greatest passions; therefore i loved this little gem about a group of girls and their passion for soccer. the director jafar panahi, from "the white balloon", "the mirror" and "the circle", shot this movie on the day that iran defeated bahrain and qualified to the world cup in germany. the dramatic and funny adventure of these iranian girls is one of the most delightful movies i have ever seen. my vote is nine.title (brazil): not available

i don't know how and where do the iranian directors get their inspiration in coming up with a plot like this. in fact, it's a very simple plot that many directors could come up with --- but may not be able to project it onto a movie the way jafar panahi did.the film is like 2 worlds revolving at the same time, one connected to the other - the football match and the battle between sexes that's going on behind the walls of the stadium.it makes you feel like you are in the movie and you're one of the characters, and while watching the movie, as if you also would like to have a glimpse of the football match. you will feel exactly the same excitement and sentiments as those female actors in the movie. it's gripping in a way that you wanted to see the ending, you will want to find out the verdict, you'll be dying to see what will happen to the girls.i like the intermittent conversations between the smoking girl and one of the military trainee. it's like venus vs mars, it really shows the difference in the thinking of men and women and the struggle of women to get equal rights and opportunity especially in a very patriarchal society like iran.this is the second movie of jafar panahi that i have seen (the first being crimson gold) and am looking forward to watching some more.am already hooked with iranian movies and this one is a must-see!

in iran, women are not admitted to soccer games. officially it's because they are to be spared from the vulgar language and behavior of the male audience. but of course it is about sexism. women are lower forms of human beings.some brave girls oppose this and try to get into the stadium by using different tricks. they are caught by soldiers and hold in a kind of cage, until the police will come and pick them up.despite the insane situation, this is a film with lots of humor. it's also encouraging to see how people always find different ways of fighting oppression. you'll get touched at the same time as you have lots of laughs. good job by director jafar panahi. this is in many ways a heroic comedy.

in iran women are prohibited from attending live sporting events because of the fear that they will be "corrupted" by bad language, close proximity to thousands of men, and the fact that there are no toilet facilities for women in the antiquated stadiums. based on an actual incident involving the daughter of the director, jafar panahi's offside follows six girls, disguised as men, who are refused entry into the soccer match in 2005 between iran and bahrain, a match that will decide whether or not iran goes to the world cup. in a departure from the bleak, minimalist films we have been accustomed to from iran over the last ten years, offside is an exuberant comedy that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal but contains enough subversive social commentary to warrant its prohibition from screenings in iran.shot with a digital camera using non-professional actors who are more than up to the task, the girls try to sneak into azadi stadium in tehran but are arrested and placed in a holding area outside of the stadium. they are guarded by three young army conscripts (safdar samandar, mohammed kheir-abadi, and masoud kheymeh-kaboud) who express ambivalence about their task but are pledged to follow the rules. the women are soccer enthusiasts, not political activists and cheer for iran's victory but this does not deter the soldiers from detaining them while they wait for the girls to be transported to the vice squad and an uncertain future.outspoken rather than acting like victims, they continually question the soldiers about the rationale behind the restrictions, making their absurdity quite obvious. although they can hear the crowd noise, the women cannot see the action but achieve a minor victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to provide a running commentary on the game. one of the funniest sequences takes place when a female "prisoner" is escorted to the men's room by a soldier. the young recruit then must cope with a near riot when he has to prevent anyone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside.little by little, to paraphrase adlai stevenson, that which unites them turns out to be greater than that which divides them and the unlikely antagonists rally behind their country and root for the victory that will send iran to the world cup. although the point is made early and often and the film sags a bit in the middle, offside makes a telling point about a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality has to contend with an growing group of educated and politically astute citizens. one can only hope that world pressure and the awakening of its own people will force the ayatollahs to come to terms with the 21st century.

this film is being described as a comedy, but it wasn't a comedy at all. like any panahi film, it was a very realistic drama depicting the common thread of social inequity and hypocrisy. but it was very funny; much lighter than the director's dark and serious the circle (my favourite iranian film). the resourcefulness of the girls and the banter between them and the soldiers was both completely believable (as if it were a documentary) and completely hilarious.the filming the actual match and aftermath was astonishing. it added a realism much like australia's kenny, of course a very different film.the performances from all the non-professional actors – soldiers and girls – were very credible. it was very moving to see the passion, disappointment and excitement of these girls. anyone in this country who thinks muslim girls wearing a chador are any different to their own daughters should go see this film – it will be a real eye-opener.to me, the soldiers represented the current paradigm. they started out with stock-standard official policy responses to all the pleas of the girls. as the film progressed, they found it more and more difficult to maintain this stance. when what seems like all of teheran breaks out into wild celebration, everyone is caught up in it, and the ridiculousness of the current policies is obvious to one and all.it was a very moving and unexpected ending, and gave the film a really nice blend of emotions, frivolity, drama and social commentary. though it's adult cinema, i think mature-minded children from about seven onwards would really appreciate this film (as long as they can read subtitles).it is remarkable that a repressive country like iran is able to produce films of such quality by the likes of panahi and kiarostami. perhaps the constraints there force directors to be extremely resourceful. australian (and other) film makers could take a leaf out of their book.

finally! an iranian film that is not made by majidi, kiarostami or the makhmalbafs. this is a non-documentary, an entertaining black comedy with subversive young girls subtly kicking the 'system' in its ass. it's all about football and its funny, its really funny. the director says "the places are real, the event is real, and so are the characters and the extras. this is why i purposely chose not to use professional actors, as their presence would have introduced a notion of falseness." the non-actors will have you rooting for them straightaway unless a. your heart is made of stone b. you are blind. excellently scripted, the film challenges patriarchal authority with an almost absurd freshness. it has won the jury grand prize, berlin, 2006. dear reader, it's near-perfect. where, where can i get hold of it?

i saw this film at the toronto international film festival. filmed during an actual qualifying match for the 2006 world cup, offside works brilliantly as both a comedy and a tragedy. the film follows the fortunes of a group of young women who are caught trying to sneak into a football match at tehran's azadi stadium. the country's islamic religious leaders have decreed that women may not sit with men at sporting events, lest they be exposed to cursing and other morally questionable behaviour. this hasn't stopped the country's young female fans, who continue to sneak in using various tricks. but panahi focuses on a small group who have been caught and are being detained agonizingly close to the action. they beg the bored soldiers guarding them to let them go or at least to let them watch the match. the soldiers tell them they shouldn't have tried to get in, that they could have watched the game at home on tv. they banter back and forth in almost real-time as the game continues, just off- camera.there is one very funny sequence where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the restroom. since there are no female restrooms at stadiums, he has to clear the room of any men before he can allow her to go in. plus, he makes her cover her face so no one can see she's a woman. this is accomplished using a poster of iranian soccer star ali daei as a mask, with eye holes punched out.you get a real sense that even the soldiers are baffled by the prohibition, and are only carrying out their orders so as to hasten the end of their compulsory military service. one soldier complains that he was supposed to be on leave so he could take care of his family's cattle in the countryside. little by little, the girls and the soldiers talk to each other, and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides to show that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. however, the soldiers' constant reminder that "the chief" is on his way lends a sense of menace, since we don't know what sort of punishment the women will face.unlike most iranian films, which are known for their strong visuals, offside is filmed in a realist style with no artifice. in fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match against bahrain that took place on june 5, 2005. the "plot" in many ways was determined by the result on the pitch. if iran won the match, they would qualify. if they lost, they would not. since the world cup has come and gone, i don't think it is a spoiler to say that iran won the match. the scenes of celebration at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film a real authenticity. seeing how much this meant to the people of iran was deeply touching.as well, one of the young women makes reference at the end of the film to seven fans who died during the iran-japan match on march 25, just a few weeks before. they were trampled to death after police began to spray the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. knowing that this was a real-life tragedy added another level of poignancy to the celebrations.i don't want to go off on a long political tangent, but this film gave me real hope that there are those in iran who are hoping for change and working at it. iran is a nation of young people, and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. films like this one show the proud spirit of the iranian people in spite of their present difficulties, and it's my sincere hope that there is a brighter future for them.

several young iranian women dress as boys and try to get into a world cup qualifying match between iran and bahrain. when they're caught, they're penned in an area where the match remains within earshot, but out of sight. the prisoners plead to be let go, but rules are rules.given the pedigree of its director, jafar panahi, it was disarming to discover that offside is a comedy, and a frequently hilarious one. in 1997's the mirror, panahi presents two versions of iranian girlhood and leaves the audience to wonder which one is "real". in 2000's the circle, several iranian women step outside the system; their transgressions are different, but they all end up in the same tragic place.however, thinking now about offside, it's hard to imagine it as anything other than a comedy, because the situation it presents is so obviously ridiculous. as the women demand to know why they can't watch the soccer match and their captors struggle to answer, the only possible outcome is comedy.what makes offside most affecting is that the young women are not portrayed as activists attacking the system. they are simply soccer fans and patriots, and despite the fact that they are clearly being treated unfairly, they never lose their focus on the match and the historic victory that is within their nation's grasp.

for those of you that don't that reference, clubberin was 4 fists hitting one body...anyways, onto the review.i miss wcw saturday night. some of my favorite wrestling moments took place on this stage. i remember watching stunning steve austin, rick rude, brian pillman, cactus jack, dustin rhodes, johnny b. badd, ddp in his jobber days, lord steven regal, harlem heat, ricky steamboat, sting...i'd be here a while listing everyone. point is wcw had an awesome roster in the pre hogan days and they were producing entertaining television. dusty rhodes on commentary in it's later years gave me a whole new reason to watch when i started smoking pot as a teenager...i really wish vince would put him on the mic for a show or two, maybe at the next great american bash? they clubberin! here comes da plunda! he was great.-dirrty

