channel 4 is a channel that allows more naughty stuff than any of the other channels, this show was certainly a naughty one. the presenter of this sometimes gross adult chat show, four-time bafta winning and british comedy award winning (also twice nominated) graham norton was just the perfect gay host for a good show like this. it had one or more famous celebrities in the middle of it. they basically had an adult idea which would either gross, humiliate or humour the guest, but some are not for the faint-hearted. they had women playing the recorder with their parts, men using their dicks to play a xylophone, women weeing upwards in the bath, men with or without pants under their kilts, and many more gross but hilarious ideas. this is just for adults, but enjoy it! it won the bafta twice for best entertainment (programme or series), it won the british comedy awards for best comedy entertainment programme (also nominated), best comedy talk show, it won an emmy for episode #18 (?), and it won the national television awards twice for most popular talk show. it was number 52 on the 100 greatest funny moments. very good!

in my opinion, this is a pretty good celebrity skit show. i enjoyed seeing greg kinnear as the host. there are many reasons why i said that. even though hal sparks was an okay host, i sometimes wish that greg kinnear hadn't left. if you ask me, it seems that nobody stays with a tv show throughout its entire run anymore. still, i enjoyed seeing the various hosts and other people spoofing celebrities. if you ask me, that was pretty darn funny. before i wrap this up, i must say that i kind of miss this show. now, in conclusion, i highly recommend this show to all you die-hard sketch show fans. you will really enjoy it.

i can't believe how many people hate hal sparks! he was my favorite host of the show, hands down. i hate celebrity gossip and generally dislike talk shows, but when hal sparks hosted talk soup, it was must see tv for me. i rarely missed an episode during his run, and was saddened when the guest hosts started pouring in (although most of the guests still did a fine job). anyway, for all the people who dislike hal sparks, i imagine they must have never seen the weekend specials. they were hour long episodes of talk soup that comprised the best clips from the entire week, and were padded out by sketch comedy bits. the original bits that hal sparks did were hilarious. in one he got possessed by a bad comedy demon, and in an exorcist like scene his head spun as he told dated jokes about airline food. one episode was dedicated to making fun of multiplicity, as a bunch of cloned hal sparks kept multiplying through out the episode, over-running the studio.ok, maybe these don't sound as funny when i describe them, but all i know is that besides talk soup, the only other two shows i watched consistently during those years was the simpsons and late night with conan o'brian. so if you like the comedy stylings of those shows, then you'd probably like talk soup during the sparks years.that said, henson and tyler were both great hosts as well. all three hosts brought something different to the table but they were all fine comedians in my opinion. of course, throughout the tyler and guest star years, my interest in this show began to wane, but every now and then i catch the soup, the show's spiritual successor, and sure enough, the new host can bring some pretty unexpected laughs from time to time.ok, i've wasted enough time talking about a tv show that isn't on the air anymore and on a channel that i generally despise. go watch something else!

i don't watch a lot of tv, except for the office, weeds, entourage and e!'s soup. i think i hold this show in good company.i love the scathing review of pop culture that this show gives. soup also helps me stay on top of what people in the office are referring to when talking about a sanjaya or heidi montag (sp?).the best part is that soup shows clips of the highlights of these shows, which are usually the funniest or most controversial moments (c'mon, most people get hooked into watching american idol because of the freak show that are the auditions), which is why most people claim to watch. and that means, i don't have to suffer through the other 98% of these mind numbing talk shows or "reality" shows, for one nugget of "funny" or "shock." the only reason why soup doesn't get a 10 in my opinion are sometime the sketches are not that funny, and on an even rarer occasion, the commentary isn't always up to par. but they can't all be home runs either, if so, soup wouldn't be on e!.joel's quick wit and soup's writing team (which includes mchale) make for a great show. i happen to enjoy the laughing and comments from the crew who are off-camera. even when they're being blatantly obvious by giving occasional courtesy laughs, it's hilarious because it is forced. they're obviously being ironic. and that's part of what makes this show funny.

e! tv is a great channel and talk soup is so funny,in a flash you can view the episodes change. we want more funny writings by the best writer ever stan evans.. the patron saint of the mindless masses... he is a truly talented, gifted writer, actor, comic, producer,director, and creative consultant.anna nicole loved him , but he was not a $$$$billionaire so he left him for a billionaire. many super stars wanted to make films with the actor stan evans, who has a "humphrey bogart" {clark gable}acting style. he should make many more movies. maybe with stephen spielberg, or perhaps many other talented producers.we wish him a moment of fame with a great fortune to gain. has he produced any mock-u-dramas? or perhaps any docudrama??? a project about bernie madhoff would be a great tv movie written by stan evans. how many screenplays has he written?? is he under $$$$$$$$$$$$billion contract with disney?? he should earn more than $50 million... he could also write a tv movie about the late king of pop.. michael jackson. we want to view a lot more of and by stan evans in the movies and on tv. thank you so very much. elvis has left the building!!!!!

since siskel's death and ebert's absence the show has been left in the incapable hands of richard roeper. roeper is not a film critic he just criticizes anything he doesn't like personally i.e. films with country music get panned because "i don't like country music!" and children's movies get a standard "don't see it now, wait until it comes out on dvd and rent it for your kids!" roeper may well be an idiot savant, but in some other field. the weekly guests 'sitting-in' for ebert fare better, but who wants to pick a daisy in the midst of a cow pat? all that said, it is the only show in town and that alone makes it worth watching. as for roger ebert, if stephen hawking can talk, so can you! it's your mind and thoughts we long for. do whatever is necessary to get that usurper off his self-declared throne.

the 700 club gives a great perspective on world events. some have described it as disingenuous or cheesy. i find the program to be informative and inspirational. it is only natural for many to throw mud on a program that has proved to be so successful. there are very few shows that can point to a 40 year track record of success in the world of television media and the 700 club is one of them. while mr. robertson may have been wrong to say that someone should be assassinated, i find it curious that so many people will literally trip over themselves to hop on the bandwagon of criticism. i have certainly said some foolish things in my life. i would certainly be willing to forgive mr. robertson since he puts out a great show.

the person's comment that said that pat robertson is evil and his program is evil has nothing to compare what evil and righteous is. his definition of evil is the opposite of evil. the bible itself says that in the last days people will call good evil and evil good! he doesn't even know that he fulfilled bible prophecy! if you don't know god and refuse to know him now, that's okay. he still loves you but when you do finally bow your knee to him, and you will, it will be too late for you. god sends no one to hell, not even you! you will go there of your own decision and your spewing defines it! may god have mercy on you and give you a damascus road experience. the 700 club and pat robertson's ministry is one of the reasons i'm still here. on the edge of alcoholism, adultery, and probably death, god reached through the tv screen and used pat robertson to do it, and thank god he did! you have a right to say what you said but you don't have a right to curse with your words. god have mercy on you.

contrary to what those who hate christianity, the 700 club provides real answers as well as inspiration. it also provides reliable news, logical commentary and a different view than what abc, cbs, nbc and pbs thinks is best. unlike other programs, which provide social and faith-related commentary, those who are behind the 700 club provide help for those in need, such as feeding the hungry with operation blessing, providing medical help to those living in poverty-stricken communities and giving hope to those who need hope. it's not at all hateful. if the 700 club offends you, i suggest reaching for the remote control and turning the channel on your tv set. i do the same thing when i find cnn headline news or for that matter, programs which i find biased or offensive. what i find offensive is the way that the abc family inserts the disclaimer that the views of the 700 club do not reflect those of abc family.

