i also saw this upon its release in '56, and have been struck since then with its final scene. if this is an answer to 'high noon,' then it's an apt and apposite response. the notion that, as this string is headed, "the town comes together" is a much stronger message than the lonely personal heroism of 'high noon.' in this theme, 'concho' is a phenomenal precursor of one my other all-time favorites, 'the magnificent seven.' both sinatra and conrad give impressive and convincing performances, especially sinatra's transformation from bullying kid brother to liberating town savior. i can only hope that at some point all the friends and family on whom over the years i've inflicted my affection for this movie will have the opportunity to experience it for themselves.

i was lucky enough to get to see this film many years ago in england. i've seen hundreds of films since,but i've never forgotten this one.although sinatra was playing a not very endearing character,he was excellent in the role.a lot of people seem to think that he did'nt really come into his own until his role in "from here to eternity" but in my opinion he was magnificent in concho.the other role that sticks in my mind is that of william conrad.i'd never see or heard of him before this film. conrad plays a terrific part in this film.i remember his deep and gravelly voice and he uses it beautifully to enhance the few words he speaks with a menace that sets the tone of his character.also i remember the music, that both introduces conrad and and seems to surround him whenever he appears.an excellent film and my only disappointment was that i never ever got the chance to see it again. it seems to have disappeared from the face of the earth. i see in the titles that it says that the film is in black and white but when i saw it was indeed in full color, i remember sinatra's blue shirt.

i've always liked johnny concho and i wish this film were out on vhs and dvd. frank sinatra gives one of the most unusual performances in his career in this one.when we first meet frank in the film's title role, he's the brother of a notorious gunfighter who's out of town at the moment. the brother strikes terror in the heart's of the town and frank takes full advantage of that to bully the townspeople safe and secure in his shadow. only phyllis kirk has any feeling for him. she's the daughter of storekeeper wallace ford and dorothy adams.two other gunmen arrive william conrad and christopher dark and it turns out conrad has killed sinatra's brother and he's coming to his town to take over. they humiliate sinatra and run him out of town. kirk follows him.overnight sinatra turns from punk into coward and becomes a man searching for some kind of backbone. it's a well acted performance, almost as good as his oscar nominated role in the man with a golden arm. pity for some reason this has not been seen for years.two other performances of note are keenan wynn as former gunfighter turned preacher who helps sinatra find what he needs to stand up to conrad and dark. and then there is conrad in what i believe was his career role on screen. he's a villain of incredible malevolence, pure evil incarnate walking and talking on the silver screen.however what i like about johnny concho is the climax an unforgettable one where conrad and dark are dealt with. let's just say i believe johnny concho was mgm's answer to high noon and a primer for what you do when evil causes a break down in all law and order.

some time in the late 19th century, somewhere in the american west, several cowboys in need of money go on a buffalo hunt. the group's leader believes that buffaloes are too numerous for the hunting to have any impact, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse, and he isn't so sure. featuring buffalo herds living in south dakota and showing film of actual hunting (the movie's introduction explains it as necessary thinning of the herd), the movie does an excellent job of presenting us with the plight of the buffalo and its effect on native americans without ever getting preachy about it.the real story, however, is about the dysfunctional family which is created by the small group formed to do the hunting. the father figure is charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. sandy, his "brother", is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing but needs the job after losing his cattle. a half-indian boy, who hates the fact that he looks entirely caucasian, takes the role of adopted son. the grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo skinner; charlie's "wife" is an indian woman whose companions he killed after they stole his horses.charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. he is mean and insulting towards everyone around him, yet at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends that he has. he expects the abducted indian women to hate him, then accept him, but he doesn't know how to react when she refuses to do either. he's the one who put the family together in the first place, but he's also the one who is fated to ultimately destroy it.this is all very similar to the classic "red river", which also features a family of sorts being torn apart by the increasingly violent and alienated father figure. as one might expect, this movie suffers by comparison. the plot is not as focused on developing the characters and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all of the scenes working towards this common goal. charlie is so thoroughly unlikable from the very beginning that we never have any reason to care about what happens to him or his family. on the positive side, however, the message surrounding the buffalo slaughter adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the hollywood ending which was tacked on to the end of "red river". as a result, "the last hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film, very well made, but falling short of what would be needed to consider it a classic.

robert taylor and stewart granger switch the goodie-baddie roles they held in "all the brothers were valiant". taylor seems a bit uncomfortable in his bad-guy role but granger plays his part perfectly. however the real hero in the story are the bison and the northwest. the film is perfectly made, with the atmosphere of the times wonderfully given. the direction is taut and although the film is no light-hearted entertainment it is, to my way of thinking a major film, unjustly ignored by the cognoscenti.

a lot of talk has been made about "psychological westerns", but this is one of the very few that is truly in that genre. it has big name stars who perform very well, but it is the director who makes this such a good movie. stewart granger loses his british safari hunter stereotype to play a haggard retired buffalo hunter who is revered in the west as one of the best. robert taylor plays the upstart (in contrast to the usual young upstart, taylor's character is middle aged, too), who wants to slaughter buffalo, and lures granger into business with him. they hire two other big name actors, lloyd nolan and russ tamblyn, into being their skinners. granger is haunted by the buffalo he has killed, knowing that he may be to blame if they become extinct, knowing if they become extinct, the native american way of life will greatly suffer. taylor soon reveals a sadistic side, but it is a realistic saidism, unlike the one dimensional sadists of modern film, created by nerds and dorks. he is insecure, and needs human companionship. still, he won't stop at murder. the end pits the two against each other, with a startling conclusion. the psychological effects of what they're doing are well depicted.

the last hunt is the forgotten hollywood classic western. the theme of genocide via buffalo slaughter is present in other films but never so savagely. robert taylor's against-type role as the possessed buffalo and indian killer is his finest performance.in the 1950s, your mom dropped you and your friends off at the saterday matinée, usually featuring a western or comedy. but it was wrong then and now to let a youngster watch psycho-dramas like the searchers and the last hunt. let the kids wait a few years before exposing them to films with repressed sexual sadism and intense racial hatred.why did mom fail to censor these films? because they featured "safe" hollywood stars like taylor and john wayne. but the climatic scene in the last hunt is as horrifying as vincent price's mutation in the fly.the mythology of the white buffalo, part of the texture of this movie, was later ripped-off by other movies including the white buffalo, starring charles bronson as wild bill hickock. the laugh here is that bronson used to play indians.today a large remnant bison herd resides in yellowstone national park in wyoming. in the winter, hunger forces surplus animals out of the park into montana, where they are sometimes harvested by idaho's nez perce indians under a us treaty right that pre-dates the lincoln presidency. linclon signed the congressional act which authorized the continental railroad and started the buffalo slaughter.

i was initially dubious about this movie (merely because of the subject), but the richly drawn characters, the fabulous scenes of the buffalo hunt, and the dramatic conclusion make it well-worth watching. i initially had trouble distinguishing between the two buffalo hunters but as the movie progressed they increasingly distinguished themselves. i am still haunted by the final scene.

the last hunt is one of the few westerns ever made to deal with buffalo hunting, both as a sport and business and as a method of winning the plains indian wars. before the white man set foot on the other side of the mississippi, the plains used to have herds of american bison as large as some of our largest cities. by the time of the period the last hunt is set in, the buffalo had been all but wiped out. the 20th century, due to the efforts of conservationists, saw a revival in population of the species, but not hardly like it once was.robert taylor and stewart granger are co-starring in a second film together and this one is far superior to all the brothers were valiant. here stewart granger is the good guy, a world weary buffalo hunter, who has to go back to a job he hates because of financial considerations.the partner he's chosen to throw in with is robert taylor. forgetting taylor for the moment, i doubt if there's ever been a meaner, nastier soul than charlie gilsen who taylor portrays. in devil's doorway he was an american indian fighting against the prejudice stirred up by a racist played by louis calhern. in the last hunt, he's the racist here. he kills both buffalo and indians for pure pleasure. he kills one indian family when they steal his mules and takes the widow of one captive. like some barbarian conqueror he expects the pleasure of debra paget's sexual favors. he's actually mad when paget doesn't see it that way.no matter how often they refer to russ tamblyn as a halfbreed, i was never really convinced he was any part indian. it's the only weakness i found in the last hunt.however lloyd nolan, the grizzled old buffalo skinner taylor and granger bring along is just great. nolan steals every scene he's in with the cast. for those who like their westerns real, who want to see a side of robert taylor never seen on screen, and who don't like cheap heroics, the last hunt is the ideal hunt.

for some reason, this film has never turned up in its original language in my neck of the woods (despite owning the tcm uk cable channel, which broadcasts scores of mgm titles week in week out). more disappointingly, it's still m.i.a. on dvd – even from warners' recently-announced "western classics collection" box set (which does include 3 other robert taylor genre efforts); maybe, they're saving it for an eventual "signature collection" devoted to this stalwart of mgm, which may be coming next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his passing… i say this because the film allows him a rare villainous role as a selfish westerner with a fanatical hatred of indians and who opts to exploit his expert marksmanship by making some easy money hunting buffaloes; an opening statement offers the alarming statistic that the population of this species was reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in the space of just 30 years! as an associate, taylor picks on former professional of the trade stewart granger – who rallies alcoholic, peg-legged lloyd nolan (who continually taunts the irascible and vindictive taylor) and teenage half-breed russ tamblyn to this end. as expected, the company's relationship is a shaky one – reminiscent of that at the centre of anthony mann's the naked spur (1953), another bleak open-air mgm western. the film, in fact, ably approximates the flavor and toughness of mann's work in this field (despite being writer/director brooks' first of just a handful of such outings but which, cumulatively, exhibited a remarkable diversity); here, too, the narrative throws in a female presence (debra paget, also a half-breed) to be contended between the two rugged leads – and granger, like the james stewart of the naked spur, returns to his job only grudgingly (his remorse at having to kill buffaloes for mere sport and profit is effectively realized).the latter also suffers in seeing taylor take paget for himself – she bravely but coldly endures his approaches, while secretly craving for granger – and lets out his frustration on the locals at a bar while drunk! taylor, himself, doesn't come out unscathed from the deal: like the protagonist of the treasure of the sierra madre (1948), he becomes diffident and jealous of his associates, especially with respect to a rare – and, therefore, precious – hide of a white buffalo they've caught; he even goes buffalo-crazy at one point (as nolan had predicted), becoming deluded into taking the rumble of thunder for the hooves of an approaching mass of the species! the hunting scenes themselves are impressive – buffaloes stampeding, tumbling to the ground when hit, the endless line-up of the day's catch, and the carcasses which subsequently infest the meadows. the film's atypical but memorable denouement, then, is justly famous: with winter in full swing, a now-paranoid taylor out for granger's blood lies in wait outside a cave (in which the latter and paget have taken refuge) to shoot him; when granger emerges the next morning, he discovers taylor in a hunched position – frozen to death! incidentally, my father owns a copy of the hefty source novel of this (by milton lott) from the time of the film's original release: actually, he has collected a vast number of such editions – it is, after all, a practice still in vogue – where a book is re-issued to promote its cinematic adaptation. likewise for the record, taylor and granger – who work very well off each other here – had already been teamed (as sibling whale hunters!) in the seafaring adventure all the brothers were valiant (1953)…which, curiously enough, is just as difficult to see (in fact, even more so, considering that it's not even been shown on italian tv for what seems like ages)!!

robert taylor as the mad buffalo hunter charlie gilson is the main character in this film. at the beginning i was thinking that charlie would end up redeeming himself like john wayne in the searchers or james stewart in the naked spur. but as the film goes along gilson keeps doing more atrocities until you realize there is no hope for him. stewart granger is sandy mckenzie, who wants to stop hunting because he realizes that the buffaloes will soon be gone and he becomes disgusted by the act of killing. gilson is a natural killer who makes no distinction between animals or human beings. debra paget as the indian girl is a surprising character considering the self imposed censorship of that time. she lies with gilson in total resignation even though she hates him. the last scene of a frozen gilson, is unforgettable.

richard brooks' the last hunt was a film star stewart granger couldn't even stand to hear mentioned – he even tore up a vintage poster for the film when presented it for signing in his later years – but then the director did run off with his wife, so it's understandable. for anyone else this is one of the best of the adult westerns of the 50s, and years ahead of its time in its attitude to the environment.in many ways it plays almost like a sequel to one of anthony mann's westerns that see their heroes dragged to their redemption kicking and screaming against it every step in the way. here granger's legendary buffalo hunter has already seen the light but, after a buffalo stampede costs him his herd of cattle in a fit of poetic justice, he's dragged back into the darkness by robert taylor's callous and proudly racist gunslinger, justifying it on the grounds that "i've already got the guilty conscience. i might as well have the money as well." raised by indians, he's fully aware of the damage he's doing as the disappearing buffalo heads for extinction, and he gradually becomes almost as consumed with self-loathing as taylor is with hate. when the two men fall out over debra paget's squaw – the sole survivor of a band of indians taylor kills – and a white buffalo hide that's priceless to the hunters and the indians for very different reasons, a showdown becomes inevitable, though the outcome certainly isn't.taylor's is certainly ironic casting – it was granger turning down many of the epic roles mgm developed for him in films like quo vadis and ivanhoe that gave taylor his 50s comeback after years of steady decline. his hair color may not convince but his performance does, a shallow and violent man so consumed with hate that he doesn't wear a gun, the gun wears him. granger's accent isn't always convincing, but he makes a good quiet hero in the jimmy stewart mold, trying to keep hold of his newfound decency and reconcile his actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to make amends. russ tamblyn's halfbreed skinner and lloyd nolan's one-legged old-timer also give as good as they get, but the real star is the script: tightly plotted with an excellent eye and ear for character – not to mention an ending stanley kubrick borrowed for the shining – it balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama without ever selling either short. the new french dvd is extras-free but does boast a 2.35:1 transfer with an english soundtrack.

the memory of the "the last hunt" has stuck with me since i saw it in 1956 when i was 13. it is a movie that was far ahead of others at the time in that it addressed the treatment of the natives, the environment, and the ever present contrast between the short and long term effects of greed. it is as relevant today as in 1956, a cinemagraphic discussion of utmost depth and relevance. to top it off the setting is beautiful and the cinematography excellent. the memory of this movie will be with me to the end of my days.

the film largely focuses on a bullying robert taylor as a ruthless buffalo hunter and the people who have to put up with him. set amidst a hunt for dwindling numbers of buffalo, it portrays the end of a tragic era of senseless slaughter and is full of drama and remorse for both the buffalo and the native americans. taylor is blinded by his hatred of indians and his naivete that the buffalo herds will never disappear. in one scene, he shoots animal after animal, while in another he murders indians and then eats the food they had cooking on their fire. under this ruthless exterior lies an insecure person who is reduced to begging his comrades (stewart granger, lloyd nolan, and russ tamblyn) not to leave him. it's not the most pleasant of films and is weighed down by the drama it creates, leading to a dismal and very fitting conclusion in a blizzard.

i saw this film about twenty years ago on the late show. i still vividly remember the film, especially the performance of robert taylor. i always thought taylor was underrated as an actor as most critics saw him as solid, almost dull leading man type, and women simply loved to watch his films because of his looks. this film, however, proved what an interesting actor he could be. he did not get enough roles like this during his long career. this is his best performance. he is totally believable in a truly villainous role. from what i have read, he was a very hardworking and easy going guy in real life and never fought enough for these kind of roles. he basically would just do what mgm gave him. this film proves that he could have handled more diverse and difficult roles. the other thing i remember about this film is how annoying lloyd nolan's character was. nolan was a great actor, but this character really aggravated me. the last scene of the film has stuck with me for all of these years. this film is definitely worth a look.

i had watched several days film shooting of this movie that summer,the end result was just two scenes in the movie. the location was sylvan lake in the black hills. bring the wagon,stop the wagon etc . so this dakota youth looked forward to seeing the movie and was not disappointed. the local buffalo herd was being culled so the shooting scenes were for real. (yes doris, animals were hurt during filming) i think the ending was copied by jack nicholson in the shining? a great western/social comment from the 50's. this should be in the same class as high noon for real western drama or used as a social statement like blackboard jungle or rebel without a cause was for 50's youth.

i just watched this movie, by mistake. what a little gem. this film made in 1956 looks, and feels, like a late seventies movie. and is in fact better, more restrained and correct than, say, blue soldier. the environmental, anthropological undertones are way ahead of its time. the understated cinematography is superb and terribly realistic. much more than dances with wolves, the last hunt manages to convey the look and feel of the buffalo "killing fields" of the late 1800s. probably because those in the movie were real killing fields. the movie was shot during legal forestry directed buffalo culls, so the animals you see are really being shot, the bones are real. in conclusion, a very under-rated western masterpiece, superbly acted, directed and shot.

like most other reviewers i have first seen this movie (on tv, never on the big screen), when i was a teenager. my dad has always regarded this film highly and recommended it to me then, and i must say he was not only right, but this movie has stayed with me forever in the more than 2 decades since i saw it first time. i have seen it two or three more times since then (just a few days ago i gave it another watch) and it has not lost anything of its impact with time. it still a great and well worth to be seen movie! manr regard peckinpah's ride the high country as one of the first and best later western, which had a realistic look at life in the old west, but the hardly known last hunt is definitely the better movie and was even half a dozen years earlier. actually it was probably 3 decades ahead of its time, or maybe it still is ...although thinking hard and having certainly seen 100s of western (i like this genre) i can not remember any western as bleak and depressive as this one. two men bound together, partly by hate, partly by not seeming to have other choices, surrounded by beautiful ms. padget, a crippled old man and a young inian, leading the life of buffalo-killers until fate reaches out for one of them.nobody who has ever seen this movie will be able to forget its ending and the last frames of this gem. when the camera moves on and away from mr. taylor a white buffalo skin comes into sight (on a tree)and echos from the past, when all the hatred began, are present again. mr. taylor has got his buffalo, but in the end the buffalo got him. aside from the top performances of everybody involved, the intelligent script and the great dialogue, it should also be mentioned, that the last hunt is superbly photograped, i have seldomely seen a western that well shot (aside from the ones directed by anthony mann, which are also all superbly photographed), that all the locations are cleverly chosen and that even the soundtrack fits the picture very well.and director brooks is really a superb storyteller. master craftsmanship!he has made quite a couple of really great movies and was successful in nearly every imaginable genre, but even in an as prolific career as this one, the last hunt still shines as one of his best, if not his best.definitely would deserve a higher rating, compared to the 7-something ride the high country enjoys.

this is the most compelling and excellent performance that robert taylor ever gave. it even surpasses his wonderful performance as "johnny eager" coming a full 14 years after that film. his looks are still a wonder to see, but he has a maturity now that gives him the edge in this gritty, violent role. charlie gilson (taylor) is the last of his breed, a buffalo hunter who kills not for the money but for the pleasure. his wild eyed killing of not only buffalo but human beings, is stunning to watch. he is basically a lonely man, needing the people around him, but they dislike him because of his sociopath behavior. his partner is sandy mckenzie (stewart granger) who is sick of the hunt, and only goes along, because he is a failure at anything else. along the way charlie kills a family of indians and captures the beautiful debra pagent. charlie tries to seduce her to no avail, but sees that sandy is interested in her also. granger is kind of sad to watch, so fed up with the hunt, longing to go away with the girl and her baby. lloyd nolan as the drunken skinner is wonderful with his wise cracks and accordian playing. russ tamblyn plays the half breed trying to fit in a white world. the group is an odd mix of good and evil, young and old. in the end taylor gets spooked by the buffalo, as many hunters before him had, and runs off leaving sandy with the girl. upon his return, that night sandy leaves with the woman, setting charlie off on a rampage of killing in a quest to get sandy and have the girl for himself. the final confrontation comes in a snow storm and the last scene is so shocking that you will never forget it. it is taylor's film all the way and he was truly a much underrated actor of the era.

have no illusions, this is a morality story. granger is the troubled ex-buffalo hunter, tempted back to the plains one more time by kill-crazed taylor. granger can see the end is near, and feels deeply for the cost of the hunt-on the herds, the indians and the land itself. taylor, on the other hand admittedly equates killing buffalo, or indians to 'being with a woman.' while granger's role of the tortured hunter is superb, it's taylor who steals the show, as the demented, immoral 'everyman' out for the fast buck and the goodtimes. there's not a lot of bang-bang here, but the story moves along quickly, and we are treated to a fine character performance by nolan. the theme of this story is just as poignant today, as in the 1800s-man's relationship to the land and what's on it, and racism. considering when this was made, the censors must have been wringing their hankies during the scenes in the 'bawdy house', taylor's relationship with the squaw, and much of the dialogue. although downbeat, this is truly a great western picture.

the arrival of vast waves of white settlers in the 1800s and their conflict with the native american residents of the prairies spelled the end for the buffalo... the commercial killers, however, weren't the only ones shooting bison... train companies offered tourist the chance to shoot buffalo from the windows of their coaches... there were even buffalo killing contests... "buffalo" bill cody killed thousands of buffalo... some u. s. government officers even promoted the destruction of the bison herds... the buffalo nation was destroyed by greed and uncontrolled hunting... few visionaries are working today to rebuild the once-great bison herds... "the last hunt" holds one of robert taylor's most interesting and complex performances and for once succeeded in disregarding the theory that no audience would accept taylor as a heavy guy...his characterization of a sadistic buffalo hunter, who kills only for pleasure, had its potential: the will to do harm to another... when he is joined by his fellow buffalo stalker (stewart granger) it is evident that these two contrasted characters, with opposite ideas, will clash violently very soon...taylor's shooting spree was not limited to wild beasts... he also enjoy killing indians who steal his horses... he even tries to romance a beautiful squaw (debra paget) who shows less than generous to his needs and comfort...among others buffalo hunters are lloyd nolan, outstanding as a drunken buffalo skinner; russ tamblyn as a half-breed; and constance ford as the dance-hall girl... but taylor steals the show... richard brooks captures (in cinemascope and technicolor) distant view of buffalos grazing upon the prairie as the slaughter of these noble animals...the film is a terse, brutish outdoor western with something to say about old western myths and a famous climax in which the bad guy freezes to death while waiting all night to gun down the hero...

thought at first this film would be your typical western film, however, it turned out to be very interesting and kept me spellbound right to the very end, which turned out very unusual. charlton heston,(sam burgade),"midway",'76, had past experiences with james coburn,(zach provo),"deadfall",'93, and zach never forgave sam and would stop at nothing to make sure he caught up with him and paid him back. unfortunately, barbara hershey,(susan burgade),"the portrait of a lady",'96, managed to get caught up in this situation and found herself among sex starved men who never seemed to leave her alone. sam burgade had to make some very hard decisions and and i was quite surprised at the conclusion. this is a very entertaining film and the acting was outstanding.

good western filmed in the rocky arizona wilds. lots of tough guys throughout; cobern's character seemed to rock back and forth between a raging psycho and a laid back type. several holes appeared in the picture, but not enough to offset it being exciting and worth seeing. one really dumb scene shows heston emptying .45 cases of their powder and collecting it in a sack for the purpose of starting a fire. a. to gather that much gunpowder he would have needed a pack mule to carry the ammo. b. the grass was obviously dry: why not just drop a match on it and let 'er rip?

"the last hard men" is a typical western for the 70's. most of them seem to be inspired by sam peckinpah. also this one, but director andrew mclaglan is a john ford pupil and this can be obviously shown in many scenes. imo the beginning is very good. in a certain way mclaglan wanted to show the audience a travel from the civilization to the wilderness. in the third part there are some illogical flaws and i complain a bit about charlton heston. he has to play an old ex-lawman named sam burgade but he is in a fantastic physical shape. i never got the feeling that he really has problems to climb on a horse or on a rock. for me he didn't looks very motivated as he usual do in most of his epic movies. same goes to the beautiful barbara hershey who is playing the sheriff's daughter. maybe both had troubles with the director or were unhappy with their roles. hershey and coburn are not showing their best but they are still good. if the scriptwriter had john wayne in their mind as sam burgade? also michael parks as modern sheriff is a bit underused in his role. on the other hand there is james coburn as outlaw zach provo. coburn is a really great villain in this one. he is portraying the bad guy between maniac hate and cleverness. his role and his acting is the best of the movie.landscapes and shootouts are terrific. the shootings scenes are bloody and the violence looks realistic. zach provo and his gang had some gory and violent scenes. what i miss is the typical western action in the middle of the movie. i would have appreciated a bank robbery or something similar. overall it's an entertaining western flick. not a great movie but above the average because of a great coburn, a very good beginning and some gory and violent scenes.

***spoilers*** seething with hatred and revenge half breed zach provo, james coburn, had spent the last 11 years on a chain gang planing his escape. what provo want's more then freedom is to even the score with the man who captured him and in the process, during a wild shootout, killed his navajo wife: the former pima county sheriff sam burgade, charlton heston.making his escape after killing two prison guards provo makes his way towards yuma knowing that that's not just where burgade lives but where his his young daughter susan, barbara hershey,resides as well. using his fellow escaped convicts to lure burgade into the vast arizona desert, by promising them $30,000.00 in gold coins that he buried there, provo plans to exact his bloody vengeance on burgade. but only after having him witness his daughter being brutally raped by his fellow convicts or are, in not being with a woman for years, as horny as a rabbit during mating season!brutal and very effective western that updates the john wayne 1956 classic "the searchers" in a father searching through dangerous indian territory for his kidnapped daughter. charlton heston as the guilt-ridden sam burgade in his felling somehow responsible for killing provo's wife and then having to face the fact that the same thing can very well happen to his daughter susan is perfect in the role of the aging and retired sheriff. charles coburn as the vengeful half breed zach provo is also at his best as the obsessed with hatred and murder escaped convict.the man who escaped with provo are really not interest in his personal affairs but have no choice, in that he knows the territory like the back of his hand, but to go along with him. it's only the thought of them having their way with susan, when provo gives them the green light, as well as the buried $30,000.00 in gold coins that keeps them from breaking up and going their own way.also going along with burgade is susan's boyfriend hal brickman, chris mitchum, who proves in the end that he's as good as burgade is, who felt that he just didn't have it in him, in both tracking down the escaped criminals as well as using common sense, which in this case burgade lacks, in doing it.***spoilers**** the unbelievably brutal and blood splattered showdown between burgade and provo is almost too much to sit through. provo who's hatred of burgade bordered on out right insanity wanted him to suffer a slow and excruciating death. it was that hatred that bugrade took advantage of and, after taking some half dozen bullets, thus ended up putting the crazed and blood thirsty, as well as mindless, lunatic away for good!

i've seen this film on sky cinema not too long ago.. i must admit, it was a really good western which features 2 of the big names.. on one side, there's charlton heston, playing the infamous and retired lawman samuel burgade. on the other.. the late james coburn playing the villainous zach provo.. seeking revenge on burgade no matter what the cost..!the good thing about this film was there was some really good characters.. most of the actors played it out really well.. especially james coburn, who i find that he was really mean in this film.. but that how it was..christopher mitchum, who i've seen everywhere in other films.. playing hal brickman.. i felt his character was left out in the cold, but he manage to get himself back in by teaming up with burgade, to bring down provo's posse's!all in all, it was a great film.. very good to watch.. great score from the late jerry goldsmith..wonderful piece of western persona..! 8 out of 10.

the last hard men finds james coburn an outlaw doing a long sentence breaking free from a chain gang. do he and his friends head for the mexican border from jail and safety. no they don't because coburn has a mission of revenge. to kill the peace officer who brought him in and in the process killed his woman.that peace officer is charlton heston who is now retired and he knows what coburn is after. as he explains it to his daughter, barbara hershey, coburn was holed up in a shack and was involved in a waco like standoff. his indian woman was killed in the hail of bullets fired. it's not something he's proud of, she was a collateral casualty in a manhunt.lest we feel sorry for coburn he lets us know full well what an evil man he truly is. heston is his usual stalwart hero, but the acting honors in the last hard men go to james coburn. he blows everyone else off the screen when he's on. coburn gets the bright idea of making sure heston trails him by kidnapping hershey and taking her to an indian reservation where the white authorities can't touch him. he knows that heston has to make it personal then.coburn's gang includes, morgan paull, thalmus rasulala, john quade, larry wilcox, and jorge rivero. heston has chris mitchum along who is his son-in-law to be.the last hard men is one nasty and brutal western. andrew mclaglen directed it and i'm thinking it may have been a project originally intended for sam peckinpaugh. it sure shows a lot of his influence with the liberal use of slow motion to accentuate the violence. of which there is a lot. for a little peckinpaugh lite, the last hard men is your film.

this hard-hitting, often violent western in the peckinpah/leone tradition is surprisingly directed by andrew v. mclaglen, whose previous westerns (particularly those that starred john wayne) were mainly in the john ford mode. it is both surprisingly traditional (good guys/bad guys) and incredible up-to-date as well.heston portrays a former captain of the arizona territorial police who has been in retirement for a year, having turned over the law enforcement reins to a reform-minded sheriff (michael parks) and finding his ways of enforcing the law being taken over by autos, telegraphs, telephones, and the railroad in the first years of the 20th century. but soon he is confronted with a menace from his past--a half-breed outlaw (coburn) that he put away more than a decade before for a train robbery that killed four guards. in a subsequent shootout, coburn's wife was killed; and so coburn is out for a most nasty sort of revenge. it involves the kidnapping and, eventually, the rape of heston's daughter (hershey) by him and his gang. the result is a taut and violent pursuit through the mountains and deserts of southern arizona.the last hard men, based on brian garfield's novel "gun down", is violent in many places, including the showdown between heston and coburn, and the rape scene involving hershey and two members of coburn's gang (quade, paull) is probably every bit as questionable as similar scenes in straw dogs and deliverance. but that doesn't detract too terribly much from the film's psychological approach to the western genre. mclaglen is able to handle the bloody story with significant panache, and heston's performance as an aging lawman was probably the best one he ever gave in any of his 1970s films. coburn makes for an especially cold-blooded heavy, and both parks and chris mitchum (as hershey's intended husband) do good turns as well. the music here is cribbed from jerry goldsmith's scores to 100 rifles and the 1966 remake of stagecoach, but it still works here.wisely filmed totally on location in southeastern arizona, and utilizing the old tucson set, the last hard men needs to be released by fox on vhs and/or dvd soon. it is a western that deserves nothing less.

i love this movie and have seen it quite a few times over the years. it does get better with every viewing. i agree with all of the positive reviews here. yes, it's gritty and brutally realistic as life on the prairie was in those days. i found myself doing commentary as i watched it. someone on here said rip torn was miscast. i couldn't disagree more. he is brilliant as the dour, miserly clyde stewart who says little and works like a slave/workhorse. conchatta farrell is fantastic as the widowed elinor, whom clyde hires as a housekeeper/cook (along with her 7 old daughter). lilia skala is excellent as distant neighbor called grandma. also a star is the stark montana prairie. it is both beautiful and brutal country in which to settle. there are some scenes that are both repulsive and necessary. no special effects here, what you see is real! it even has a terrificly perfect music score and a great script. once you see heartland, you'll never forget it. it deserves all the 10s it gets here.

heartland was in production about the same time as michael cimino's heaven's gate - heartland cost a fraction to make but is 10 times the piece of film.heaven's gate was "the biggest and most expensive ($40 mil in 1980!) hollywood flops of all time, its failure resulted in the sale of the united artists studio to mgm" -imdb entry heartland cost a few hundred thousand dollars and benefits from great writing, direction, photography and acting. it easily draws you into the beauty, joys, hardships and sorrow of pioneer life.it's sad that hollywood sometimes would pour millions into turkeys (based on a director's single big hit) and neglect such a wonderful story.

fabulous actors, beautiful scenery, stark reality. i won't elaborate on all of the other reviewers' comments because you get the picture! however, the movie isn't for the squeamish. reality is slaughtering pigs and other livestock in order to survive. i also have elinore randall stewart's homestead book. i read it several years ago, i have to reread it, since i just watched the newly-released, remastered dvd of the movie.i tried to buy the video for several years, finally bought it used from a video store that went out of business. but yippee! the dvd is now for sale, i purchased it on amazon.com. not cheap, but well worth it to me. this is a movie i will be watching until the end of my days!

"heartland" is a wonderful depiction of what it was really like to live on the frontier. the hard work and individual strength that were needed to survive the hardships of the climate and the lack of medical care are blended with the camaraderie and the interdependence of the settlers. the drama was especially meaningful because the story is based on the diaries of real people whose descendants still live there. it was also nice to see the west inhabited by real people. no one was glamorous or looked as if they had just spent a session with the makeup or costume department. conchatta ferrell is just wonderful. she is an example of the strong, persevering people who came to wyoming in the early 20th century and let no hardship stand in their way of a new life in a new land.

i saw this 25 years ago on pbs. it was very difficult to watch. so real. to watch this small family struggle in the winter was heart rending. no time for courting: fate has thrown us together and we put our shoulders to the grindstone and make it work. this was based on the woman's actual diary, which i read many years later. she said in her diary that her parents died when she was little and all their bothers and sisters had to work the farm to feed themselves. she learned to mow, which was not lady-like. she was afraid that no prince charming would want a woman with sun-browned, calloused hands, but this husband was so happy that his new wife knew how to mow, and she was happy to do it. both were widowed and together they worked to build a new home. it was so, so sad when the baby died. of course, if they had it today, i am sure it would have been fine. that only makes the tragedy extra sad. i was crying so hard. but then they went out and successfully pulled out a new calf. spring is on its way, and life goes on. in her diary, she did have two more boys and they lived.

haven't seen the film since first released, but it was memorable. performances by rip torn and conchata farrell were superb, photography excellent, moving story line and everything else about it was of the highest standard. yet it seems to have been pretty much forgottenmaybe because uk is an odd market for it but i haven't seen the film on tv or video, which is sad. has it had more success in us where it might rightly be seen as a quite accurate historical drama?always reckon that 50% of a good film is the music and though i'm not certain i think the title theme was a simple but moving clarinet solo of "what a friend we have in jesus". the film then went on to disprove that! am i right or wrong?

this is a movie that should be seen by everyone if you want to see great acting. mr. torn and ms farrel do an outstanding job. i think they should have it on tv again so a new audience can enjoy it. wonderful performances.it gives you a real feel of what the pioneers had to go through both physically and emotionally. great unheard of movie.it was done when ms. farrel was very young. i had always thought of her as a comedian, but this certainly is not a comedy and she is just wonderful. there is very little dialogs, but that just make it seem more real. mr. torn as always is a great presence and just his breathing has great feeling. i must see movie.

i saw the latter half of this movie about a year ago and was very happy to finally find it available on dvd. recently, i watched several of the reality series on pbs about ranching, etc. none of them came as close to telling the story as this movie does. based on real reality, pulling no punches, bleak, happy, tragic and enlightening, this is a movie that should be shown to students or to anyone interested in early frontier life. fine acting on the part of both rip torn and conchata ferrell add to an well done script. the opening credit states that it was done though funds supplied through the national endowment for the humanities. if this is the kind of product taxes could go to i would be happy to see more. i highly recommend it and would encourage people to tell a friend if you have seen it and enjoyed the film.

this western is done in a different manner than most others. realism is the key here. conchata farrell comes to wyoming to work for rip torn on his ranch. how this is presented makes for a most interesting slice of americana. i would have preferred to see this on the big screen rather than on tape, but it's worth a look to see just how life was back in the real west. cinematography is excellent. solid 9. torn & farrell excel in this movie.

portrays the day to day stark reality of survival on a ranch in the old west. outstanding acting by both principal actors. this doesn't even feel like a movie...you feel like you're there. animal activists should beware...many scenes are obviously not just realistic...they are real.

excellent. gritty and true portrayal of pioneer ranch life on the western plains with an emphasis on the woman's role and place. a moving film, lovingly made, and based on real people and their actual experiences. low budget, independent film; never made any money. definitely not the romanticized, unrealistic hollywood version of pioneer life.

this is one of the best films ever made. it is a realistic depiction of rural ranching life which was a big part of american history. the setting is 1906 wyoming where life had not changed much since the previous century. the film keeps your interest without the added hollywood myths. the whole family can see this movie and be intrigued about how life was like in america when it was mostly a rural nation. with this film, you will escape the present and witness the daily life of 100 years ago. in a beautiful, scenic environment you will see the hard physical work that was required to survive, as well as the constant worries and concerns of the elements and the market pressures that will make a difference between success or failure. see this movie and experience life as it was for most of our nation's history. this film is worth your time to see. my only question is - why aren't there more films like this one?

i saw heartland when it was first released in 1980 and i have just seen it again. it improves with age. heartland is not just for lovers of "indie" films. at a time when most american films are little more than cynical attempts to make money with cgi, pyrotechnics, and/or vulgarity, heartland holds up as a slice of american history. it is also a reminder of how spoiled most of us modern, urbanized americans are.nothing in this film is overstated or stagey. no one declaims any hollywood movie speeches. the actors really inhabit their roles. this really feels like a "small" film but really it is bigger than most multizillion-dollar hollywood productions.the film is based on the lives of real people. in 1910, elinore randall (conchata ferrell, who has never done anything better than this), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter jerrine (megan folsom), is living in denver but wants more opportunities. she advertises for a position as housekeeper. the ad is answered by clyde stewart (rip torn, one of our most under-appreciated actors), a scots-born rancher, himself a widower, with a homestead outside of burnt fork, wyoming. elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) and moves up to wyoming with her daughter. she and her daughter move into stewart's tiny house on the property. it is rolling, treeless rangeland, a place of endless vistas where the silence is broken only by the sounds made by these people and their animals. it's guaranteed to make a person feel small. the three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul. what is worse, stewart turns out to be taciturn to the point of being almost silent. "i can't talk to the man," elinore complains to grandma landauer. "you'd better learn before winter," replies grandma. grandma (lilia skala) is one of the only two other characters who are seen more than fleetingly. she came out to wyoming from germany with her husband many years before and runs her ranch alone now that she is also widowed. grandma is their nearest neighbor (and the local midwife) and still she lives ten miles away! the other supporting character is jack the hired hand (barry primus).elinore's routine (and her employer's) is one of endless, backbreaking labor, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be made, fixed or done by hand. this is the real meat of the film: watching the ordinary life of these ranchers as they struggle against nature to wrest a living from the land. but despite the constant toil and fatigue, elinore is always looking for other opportunities. she learns that the tract adjacent to stewart's is unclaimed. impulsively, she files a claim on the property (twelve dollars, or almost two weeks' pay!), meaning that if she lives on it (and she must actually live there) and works it for ten years, she will get the deed to it. naturally, stewart learns what she has done. with merciless logic, he points out that with no money, no livestock, no credit, and no assets, she has no chance of succeeding. he then offers a solution: he proposes marriage. the stunned elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative, and accepts.we think that stewart's proposal is purely machiavellian---he wants the land and the free labor---but we see that, in fact, he is genuinely fond of elinore, and they grow together as a couple. she becomes pregnant; she goes into labor in the middle of a midwinter blizzard; clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm the ten miles to grandma's and the ten miles back, only to announce that grandma wasn't there. this is more like real life than is pleasant, folks. elinore has the baby all by herself, with no help whatsoever. their son is still an infant when he gets sick and dies. they lose half their livestock to the vicious winter. they struggle on. the last sequence in the film is supposed to be optimistic: the birth of a calf. clyde calls elinore urgently to help him deliver the calf. instead of being head first, the calf is in a footling breech presentation. he and elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. there is no cgi, animatronics, trickery, fakery or special effects: what you see is what happened, folks: a calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn by lamplight. with that, the film does not so much end as simply stop, leaving the viewer unsatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole, not just for its ending.this little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. it will be watchable long after most of the films of the last generation have long been forgotten.

burlinson and thornton give an outstanding performance in this movie, along with dennehy. although it is at first thought to be only about love, it really goes down deeper than that. the beauty of nature captures this movie, placing among one of the best i have ever seen. the horse scenes are absolutely fantastic!! any horse-lovers out there will love this movie!

as a horse lover one can only appreciate this movie. there are few movies that show horsemanship as this one does. i would love to know if brian does his own riding in the film. would also like to know if he enjoys horses. brian has been in a lot of movies where he has ridden. where did he learn to ride? the only part that is hard for me to take is that the riding scenes are always full tilt, like a horse can run forever at full steam. the camera-work is first rate and captures the horses in a way that shows how dangerous things can be on top of a horse. it would be very interesting to know how they went about casting this movie to find all of the very good horseback riders.

the man from snowy river ii doesn't reinvent the wheel but is a crowd-pleasing beautiful film that hits some great notes.for those fans wanting the elements that made the original man from snowy river film a hit, (breathtaking scenery, sweeping score, sweet romanticism and cracking action) this film really delivers. this story picks up a few years from the end of the first, jim (tom burlinson) has been away gathering his fortune in a brood of stock horses. he returns to pick up where he left off with his pluckish well-bred sweetheart jessica (played by aussie divine lady sigrid thornton) who is still attempting to break out of her corseted upbringing on her feather's cattle station (harrison is now played by american brian dennehy). the foil to jim and character that shakes the plot is the well-to-do upper class snob alistair patton (nicholas eadie) who has his sights on jessica. add to the mix some social tension surrounding landholdings and the stallion with a bad attitude from the first film and that's the plot.the best thing about this film is the acting. tom burlinson fits snugly into jim's wide brim hat and laconic humour. sigrid thornton is a lovely heroine and the two manage some real chemistry on screen. filling the solid shoes of kirk douglas was never going to be easy and brian dennehy stomps and shouts but never feels very authentic in this part.the music is sweeping and lush and the cinematography could be a roll from a victoria tourism reel. there are moment however that feel very self-indulgent, like the director wants just one more helicopter shot of the riders to show how gorgeous the landscape is without some personal human drama. a little more grit would have sufficed here, we are aussie's, we can take it!! there are some very jawsish moments with the stallion that defy belief. however the funny thing about this film is that in amongst some glaring clichés, there are some really inventive and touching scenes. jim putting the saddle on the stallion (very horse whisperish before its time) jim and jessica setting up home, the fabulous scene where jim shows up alistair's riding with his trusty whip. i can see why this character is such an icon.altogether a very pleasing sequel. here's hoping everyone involved wants to make another. the man from snowy river iii: the craigs. i'm sure we'd all love to see how jim and jessica are doing on their farm.the aussie dvd has a couple of extra scenes in it. worthwhile if you are already a fan.

such a masterpiece as the first of these two snowy river films was, the sequel to the man from snowy river is everything that a follow-up should be. it does not tread on the toes of its predecessor, preferring to leave the legend that was the first film live on in some unique immortality.the man from snowy river ii is based upon the return of jim craig to the snowy river country after a three year absence. the film subtly tells a tale of change in the nineteenth century, of australian history, legend and horses. the storyline demonstrates a touch of hollywood in lighter shades, an aspect that was absolutely absent in the first film, yet this blends uniquely with the a distinct sense of australian patriotism. the plot is far more vibrant than the first film, and much more showy, with particular aspects of the previous incorporated into the film, yet the man from snowy river ii possesses every essential characteristic of the first film; sensationally beautiful cinematography, a stunning focus of the australian high country, the second most impressive footage of horses ever filmed, and a fantastic and deeply moving soundtrack by bruce rowland which equals the first in every way. geoff burrowes has done a superb job with this film, and it is highly worthy of recognition, especially with regard to the quality of the australian film industry. the lead cast, from tom burlinson to sigrid thornton, and a well-replaced brian dennehy, carry off their parts with as much passion and distinction as the first film. as far as sequels can go, the man from snowy river ii is a masterpiece; a deeply moving and inspirational experience yet again.

i would just like to say, that no matter how low budget the film is, it needs to be shown throughout this world the point to these movies. we don't read that much anymore, instead people want to see movies. having this series out on dvd, has made me want to read the whole series, and want more. please make all 8 movies. please don't change any of the characters either, it ruins the effect. because i have grown to love the actors who have played the characters. please make all 8 movies. i want to see the message, and watch the message that these books and now movies are here to portray. we don't get that enough anymore. awesome job!!!

as part of our late 1950s vocabulary, we well knew the ponderosa, little joe, hoss, ben cartwright,etc. on that great show "bonanza."it came saturday night and everyone was glued to the television set. this was a real show depicting family values. there may have been a weekly crisis, but it was the strong family atmosphere that pulled everyone together.lorne greene was dominant as the patriarch of the family. his words depicted wisdom. we often were left to wonder that ben cartwright, a widower, must have been the best of husbands to that poor wife of his who had died. he reared wonderful sons.naturally, we all wondered why pernell roberts left the show. the show was a gold mine and roberts surrendered loads of money when he departed. his career never took off as he was associated as a cartwright son. he should have tried to get back into the series. he certainly lost a bonanza by dropping out.

bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors. lorne greene, pernell whitaker, michael landon, dan blocker, and even guy williams (as the cousin who was brought in for several episodes during 1964 to replace adam when he was leaving the series). the cast had chemistry, and they seemed to genuinely like each other. that made many of their weakest stories work a lot better than they should have. it also made many of their best stories into great western drama.like any show that was shooting over thirty episodes every season, there are bound to be some weak ones. however, most of the time each episode had an interesting story, some kind of conflict, and a resolution that usually did not include violence. while bonanza was a western, the gunfighting was never featured as the main attraction. while i am a fan of the rifleman and wanted: dead or alive; those shows usually ended with a gunfight. gunfights were how many westerns resolved every conflict, and bonanza was very different in trying to seek peaceful resolutions and harmony instead of killing.in the early years of bonanza, there are some interesting episodes that do feature a lot of gunfights. those episodes stand in contrast to the rest of the series, but they are pretty good in and of themselves. in 1964, when pernell whitaker wanted to leave the show, guy williams was brought in to replace him. williams was playing the role of a long-lost cousin. unfortunately, whitaker decided to stay one more year, and thus williams was written out of the series when he moved away to marry adam's old girlfriend. if williams had stayed on for the duration of bonanza, one can only wonder how much better the series would have been in the years after 1965, when pernell whitaker left the show.undoubtedly, once pernell whitaker left the series, the stories focused more on comedy and country hijinks. whitaker had often played the heavy in many episodes, and his absence left a void in the cast. little joe always wanted to play the nice kid, and hoss always wanted to play the good old boy with a heart of gold. since ben was the kind and wise patriarch of the family, that did not leave too much room for any gunfights.at some point they hired a ranch hand called candy (david canary) who became their fourth member of the cast, but candy was never featured in any gunfights, and he was hardly more than an older version of little joe. for a year or two they also had ben take in some other lost cousin (jamie, played by the forgettable mitch vogel) who was a teenager that was usually getting into some kind of trouble with someone.apparently by adding the teenager, the studio was looking to attract younger viewers. it also gave the writers a chance to write episodes about teenage problems, alcohol, delinquency, etc. those kind of preachy episodes were popular in the 1960s as a reaction of the establishment media to the counter-culture movement. dragnet was probably the most popular source of law and order tv, though hawaii 5-0, the f.b.i. and many other shows also tried to jump on the bandwagon by doing tv shows that featured irresponsible teenagers causing mischief, mayhem, and crime.the addition of a teenager to the cast gave the cartwrights more chances to show up and solve problems, but those episodes feel very contrived and are not very good in general. after dan blocker died, the series limped along for another year or so before it was canceled. the last season was pretty bad, as it featured little joe tracking down the killers of his wife, and most of the episodes were somewhat depressing because little joe was usually drinking or otherwise remembering how much he loved his wife, and how unfair it was that she was killed.i don't think i have ever seen the last episode of the series, and i wonder if they ever officially wrapped it up in some way. by the last year, there was only ben (lorne greene) actually living on the ponderosa, as adam had moved away (and never came back even once as a guest) and hoss had died and little joe had left after his wife (in the series) had been killed by drifters.overall, the era from 1959-1965 is the best of this series. once adam left, it slowly declined. most of the shows before 1970 are pretty good too. by 1970, the series was trying to hard to be hip and topical, and it had lost a lot of its western flavor. the addition of candy and the teenage kid also diluted the general quality of the show, and the death of hoss (dan blocker) was the final nail. bonanza is probably the best western series ever made, and of the 465 episodes that were produced, at least one hundred of them are excellent western drama! that is a pretty good record. even the worst of bonanza is better than a lot of other tv shows.

i know this sounds odd coming from someone born almost 15 years after the show stopped airing, but i love this show. i don't know why, but i enjoy watching it. i love adam the best. the only disappointing thing is that the only place i found to buy the seasons on dvd was in germany, and that was only the first two seasons. that is disappointing, but that's ok. i'll keep looking online. if anyone has any tips on where to buy the second through 14th seasons, please email me at darkangel_1627@yahoo.com. i already own the first one. the only down side is that the dvds being from germany, they only play on my portable dvd player and my computer. oh well. i still own it!

i read many commits when it was in the theaters and they were all bad....i think you have to be a certain type of person to enjoy these movies. if you are not a person that enjoyed the waltons or little house...u will not understand nor enjoy these movies...now about loves abiding joy...i knew he was bad news from the start of the movie....i wish it would have shown more of the end instead of letting you just think it. this movie has a lot to do with jeff....it is 6 years later so you know he will be interested in girls.i want to say that i have enjoyed all 4 movies so far....was not crazy about the books...cant wait until the next movie. the way clark talks will get you every time. i would love to see january jones do an appearance...maybe a family reunion or something.

it ran from 1959-1973. its more than its longevity that says a lot for this series. its also that it survived changes in fashion and taste from the 50's , psychedelic 60's and remained popular in the 70's.i remember repeats of this series. it was a successful combination of all its elements from stories, cast and productions that made it exceptional. lorne green had his defining iconic character from this series. its appeal was across generations. all members of the family could enjoy this. it balanced morality with violence, humour with seriousness. a cartoon series was made as a spin off from this as a result of its impact. the shame is that this series is no longer repeated and many will not know its significance.

i love this show and my 11 year-old daughter and i love watching it together. it teaches good old fashioned values in a fun, adventuresome and entertaining way (albeit with a somewhat predictable story most of the time). it's also really fun to make fun of...you know, rewind and insert your own dialog, in place of the actors'.i have my dvr set to record all the episodes and i happened to catch the tail end of an episode (just prior to the next one starting...so i don't know what episode it was) but there was an absolutely terrible sequencing mistake! adam had handed sheriff coffee a small swatch of "leather", which was torn from some outlaw's coat as he tried to make his getaway, i suppose.well, roy happened to have the coat, so he laid it out on his desk and placed the swatch right where it had been torn from. the swatch was exactly rectangular...which i reckon would be nearly impossible to tear from a piece of leather (post-1950's naugahyde? yes. leather? i don't think so). well, the swatch lined up perfectly and the mystery was solved.not 10 seconds later in the scene, we see the coat again, still lying on roy's desk. but this time the swatch is more like the shape of north carolina and is now in a completely different place on the coat (but still perfectly aligned with the hole in the coat) and the seam (which was smack-dab in the middle of the swatch) is now gone...as is the seam in the coat. my daughter enjoyed a good laugh as we played the short scene over and over and over again! it's prime for youtube, i tell ya!we still totally love the show though and the sequencing errors make it lots of fun!

my comment is limited generally to the first season, 1959-60.this superb series was one of the first to be televised in color, and it was highly influential in persuading americans that they had to buy a color television set, which was about $800 in 1959, the equivalent of more than $3,000 today. how many of us would pay that much for the privilege of watching a show transmitted by a cathode ray picture tube on a 17-inch screen? i was eleven when the series began, and i watched it from the beginning.watching it now, 50 years later, several things come to mind. first, many of the story lines involve the comstock lode and the heyday of silver mining, which dates to 1859. for 1859, the weapons and clothes are, for the most part, not authentic. (the haircuts are left out of the discussion.) that's basically a nitpick.and, it would have been impossible for ben to have arrived in the lake tahoe area in 1839 and to have amassed a 100-square mile ranch in the next twenty years. pioneers were still trying to solve the sierra nevada problem as late as 1847, and the gold rush did not even begin until two years later.indians are not played by native american actors. john ford was using native american actors in the 1920s. the bonanza producers could have easily done so thirty years later. that is a major nitpick for me.there are other time-line problems. in season 1, mark twain appears, and he is depicted as a middle-aged man. mark twain was 24 years-old in 1859. the stories also vacillate between 1859-1860 (pre-civil war) and what was more suitable for an 1880 time-frame. there are continuity problems, over and over.it is somewhat off-putting, too, that there is so much killing in the first season. in time, the killing was reduced.many of the episodes take a socially liberal slant, which would be hard to believe, given the time-line, but give the writers credit for anticipating the seismic shifts in the nation's attitudes beginning in the 1960s.having said all that, the acting is good, and i have come to conclude in my latter years that adam's character was drawn better than any other's. i don't think pernell roberts ever got the credit he deserved. also, season 1 reinforces the fact that dan blocker (hoss) was a good actor.many of the stories trace real historical events. the guest stars were interesting.this was great family entertainment, and the series stands up very well by any measure.

although this show has been off the air since 1973, after viewing a dvd set i borrowed at our library, i felt compelled to say a bit about it.i can remember when it was the only color show on television in the 1960s, and sometimes there would be a little "sunday night party" with friends to watch this on nbc on one of the few color televisions.i really enjoy history not so much for the names and dates but how it influences us today and how so much can be so profound based on the most inconsequential actions of the time. case in point: virginia city, nevada, which became one of the richest cities in the world because of the silver, got its name from a character named "old virginny", who, in the town's early days, stumbled out of a saloon, fell and broke his whiskey bottle.old virginny didn't want to waste the occasion so as the precious liquid was seeping into the dirt he decided to christen the town "virginia town". the area became known as the comstock lode because another character, henry comstock, had the reputation of trying to jump everyone's claim and the area became known as the comstock lode.i just watched an early episode that dealt with these 2 subjects. other episodes dealt with mark twain's literary rise while a reporter for the territorial enterprise...it was wholesome (and frequently educational) family entertainment. as someone else remarked, each episode would really be considered a movie in its own right - rich scripts and characters. one thing it twisted the truth on was the proximity to virginia city and the ponderosa. in truth, to ride from the ponderosa (all of northern lake tahoe), one would have to ride his horse about 3,000 feet (1,000 meters) down the spooner summit to the high desert (3,000-4,000 feet) of the carson valley then another 30-40 miles to virginia city.needless to say the cartwrights would have some sore rear ends doing this on a regular basis. but every writer should have some leeway with the truth.how i miss that show, even today.

it got to be a running joke around bonanza about how fatal it was for any women to get involved with any cartwright men. after all ben cartwright was three times a widower with a son by each marriage. and any woman who got involved with adam, hoss, and little joe were going to end up dying because we couldn't get rid of the formula of the widower and the three sons that started this classic tv western.perhaps if bonanza were being done today the writers would have had revolving women characters who came in and out of the lives of the cartwrights. people have relationships, some go good, some not so good, it's just life. and we're less demanding of our heroes today so if a relationship with one of them goes south we don't have to kill the character off to keep the survivor's nobility intact. but that's if bonanza were done today.but we were still expecting a lot from our western heroes and bonanza though it took a while to take hold and a change of viewing time from nbc certainly helped, the secret of bonanza's success was the noble patriarch ben cartwright and his stalwart sons. ben cartwright was the ideal tv dad in any genre you want to name. his whole life was spent in the hard work of building that immense ponderosa spread for his three children. the kids were all different in personality, but all came together in a pinch.the cartwrights became and still are an american institution. i daresay more people cared about this family than the kennedys. just the popularity that bonanza has in syndication testifies to that. pernell roberts as oldest son adam was written out of the show. rumor has it he didn't care for the noble cartwright characters which he felt bordered on sanctimonious. perhaps if it were done now, he'd have liked it better in the way i describe.this was just the beginning for michael landon, how many people get three hit tv shows to their credit. landon also has highway to heaven and little house on the prarie where he had creative control. little joe was the youngest, most hot headed, but the most romantic of the cartwrights. when roberts left. the show kept going with the two younger sons, but when big dan blocker left, the heart went out of bonanza. other characters had been added on by that time, david canary, tim matheson, and ben cartwright adopted young mitch vogel. but big, loyal, but a little thick hoss was easily the most lovable of the cartwrights. his sudden demise after surgery left too big a hole in that family.so the cartwrights of the ponderosa have passed into history. i got a real taste of how america took the cartwrights to heart when i visited the real virginia city. it doesn't look anything like what you see in bonanza. but near lake tahoe, just about where you see the ponderosa on the map at the opening credits, is the cartwright home, the set maintained and open as a tourist attraction. like 21 baker street for sherlock holmes fans, the ranchhouse and the cartwrights are real.and if they weren't real, they should have been.

when i was born, this television series was the number one show on t.v.!! america epitomized the feat of the ultimate fatted calf country with big ambitions, limitless potential, and a very comfortable economy!! after a big sunday dinner, why not sit back and watch "bonanza", in color!!! this homey western evokes an american tradition which accompanies the complacency of the typical u.s. household during the era in which it was viewed.. the breathtaking cinematography of lake tahoe symbolized an infinite prosperity of the emerging american culture!! western movies were so popular that western television shows followed suit!! this was a period in time in our country which yearned for a concise reflection on our own country's struggle for survival!! the end result of the trials and tribulations at the ponderosa ranch, as demonstrated in this series, sparked a realization that americans are now auspiciously enjoying the fruits of the cartwright's painstaking labor!!the t.v. show "bonanza" was popular for so many different reasons, mostly on account of the fact that the late fifties and early sixties had not yet established the divisiveness of two different cultural mindsets which was ready to surface with our nation! the unification of ideologies in the united states which prevailed during the debut of "bonanza" was a big reason for the show's success!! in the show's later years, "bonanza" had established a firmly entrenched core market television audience!! the cast to "bonanza" became famous, and the wholesome entertainment of "bonanza" encompassed a camaraderie for the all-american idealist!! everybody liked "bonanza" and a lot of americans totally loved it!! reflecting on rough and tumble family values is a favorite past time of many americans, and the television show "bonanza" was perfect for that frame of mind!! i liked the show a lot, and most people i know like it as well!! certainly, my entire family loved "bonanza"!! this show was one of the all time american classics in the history of television!!

i grew up on this classic western series, and as a child always considered it a treat being allowed to stay up late on sunday evenings to watch it. bonanza is still infinitely re watchable in re runs.the series chronicles the adventures of the cartwright family, who live on a ranch near virginia city, nevada around the civil war era. their ranch (called the ponderosa) is run and defended by the widowed father, ben, and his unmarried three sons, adam, hoss, and little joe. these three brothers have different mothers, all of whom have passed away years earlier.the cartwrights are a hard working, prosperous, and honourable family, highly respected in those parts. the ponderosa is large so reaching its extremities requires a lot of horseback riding. also, trips away are often necessary in order to buy or sell cattle and so forth. needless to say, few of these excursions pass uneventfully. although hospitable, much of the cartwrights' energy must be spent defending their ranch from interlopers, or protecting themselves from townsfolk jealous of their prosperity and stellar reputation. the cartwrights do a fair bit of firing their guns up in the air and such, but only shoot to kill when deemed absolutely necessary. they are involved in various town affairs, even the political life of the nevada territory.one of the main assets of the series is the underlying warmth that is always present (despite occasional disagreements) between ben and his three sons, and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three brothers. now, one brother might beat up another every now and then, but generally has a good reason for it at the time and his anger never lasts long! the characters are all very well drawn. ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man of great integrity. the oldest son, adam, the most rational and suave of the brothers, left midway through the series. the middle brother, hoss, is a gentle giant of a teddy bear, who has an insatiable appetite for food and is a little shy around the ladies. the youngest, little joe, is a hot headed, handsome charmer who, by contrast, has quite a way with women. this trio of brothers enjoy various romances but their love interests are typically killed off by the end of the episode or else marriage proves impossible, for whatever reason.the actors are all stellar in their roles, including pernell roberts (adam), dan blocker (hoss), michael landon (little joe), and of course lorne greene as the principled family patriarch, ben. i also love the ranch cook, hop sing, played by victor sen yung.this is a wonderful action packed western with great values. the cartwrights are always the noble heroes and most of the bad guys quite villainous. if only there were more programs like this vintage western on tv these days!

i lost my father at a very young age.so young in fact,that i have no recollection of him.over the years i have learned many things about him. one of those things was that he loved westerns,and watching bonanza every sunday evening was an absolute ritual for him.i,myself, remember the tail end of the series' run,having been 8 years old when the show ceased production in 1973.watching this show over the years somehow makes me closer to my long ago lost father.it has all the right elements to make a show successful;laughter,tears,edge of your seat suspense,and it even angered you at times.my most vivid memory of the show's original run,came shortly after the death of our beloved "hoss" cartwright,dan blocker.one particular episode,and the end of the closing credits, flashed a picture of blocker,and faded to black,and i can also recall my oldest sister with a tear in her eye at the sight of this.i can remember this as though it were yesterday.on behalf of my late father, who is not here to say so himself,we love bonanza.long live the cartwrights.

we loved the movie. i am a mother to two little men. i love having a movie i can watch with them where men have integrity and character. moveis where money is not the most important thing. and family's are forever and love means more then words. i do wish we saw more of the davis family. but over all i loved it left me with the same feeling the others did "please don't be over". we both wish actors would not change.the new actors were good replacement tho.my 9 year old son loved this movie too. asked me to go buy them all. he is a movie critic so for him to say this tells me something. family should all see this move buy it for friends . help bring back a time of values. we will be reading the books now that we are hooked. really hope to see more. be blessed happy moving

this movie was so great! i am a teenager, and i and my friends all love the series, so it just goes to show that these movies draw attention to all age crowds. i recommend it to everyone. my favorite line in this movie is when logan bartholomew says: "rosy cheeks", when he is talking about his baby daughter. he is such a great actor, as well as erin cottrell. they pair up so well, and have such a great chemistry! i really hope that they can work again together. they are such attractive people, and are very good actors. i have finally found movies that are good to watch. lately it has been hard for me to find movies that are good, and show good morals, and christian values. but at the same time, these movies aren't cheesy.

i love all of the movies by michael landon jr. and michael landon jr's casting of dale midkiff as "clark davis"could not of been any better. dale midkiff has the ways to pull off this character.this movie kept me spellbound from start to finish.the death of missie & willies baby girl with the timing of clarks visit was only gods timing. how they dealt with the death and how clark helped them do so was that of a fathers love.although there are 3 movies before this one [ love comes softly , loves enduring promise & loves long journey], i feel you can see this movie and understand it easily. yet leave and want to see the previous 3 movies due to the history all the characters have behind them.michael landon jr. is an excellent directori look forward to many more movies from him in the future.

edmund burke said that "all evil needs is for good me to do nothing." hollywood often gives us trash because not enough families go to see quality films. this movie was uplifting story of the loss and restoration of faith. it had no violence, no lewdness, and did not deserve a pg rating. the western scenery was filmed well, and some of the vistas were simply breathtaking. actors were a bit young for their parts, but otherwise believable and talented. music score was too loud, and in some places drowned out the dialog completely. i'm seldom surprised by movie endings any more, but i was pleasantly surprised by this one. sometimes the good guys do win, and they win by honest efforts. we liked the movie and the message, and would recommend it for the entire family.

in the old west there are always the men who live breathe violence and the women who hold their breath. a famous ¨town tamer¨ named clit tollinger(robert mitchum) comes hired by the citizens to rid the gunslingers ( leo genn, claude atkins, among others), baronland's hoodlums. there he meets the blacksmith (emile meyer) , his daughter (karen sharpe), her boyfriend(john lupton), the marshal(henry hull) and the saloon owner (ted de corsia). clint as lawman is appointed deputy to bring peace and puts some cartels saying the following : ¨ warning , wearing of guns or other weapons in town is banned. check all hardware at the marshal's office ¨. clint finds his ex-girlfriend, a local madame (jan sterling) in charge of the saloon girls( angie dickinson, barbara lawrence, among them). but the town council afraid the raw methods carried out by clint . at the end the kingpin landowner appears and attempts to murder tollinger with his own hands.this is a tremendously exciting story of a sheriff-for-hire who had only one more killing to go. it begins as a slow-moving western but follows to surprise us with dark characters and solid plot. the tale is almost grim , a pacifier comes to a town just in time to make sure its citizenry but later the events get worse . the highlights are the burning at saloon and the climatic showdown at the ending. phenomenal and great role for robert mitchum as avenger angel and bitter gunfighter, he's the whole show. vivid and lively musical score by alex north (spartacus, cleopatra), atmospheric cinematography in black and white by lee garmes. the motion picture is stunningly realized by richard wilson (al capone , three in attic) who made good western as ¨invitation to a gunfighter and ¨zane grey¨ episodes. watchable results for this offbeat western.

robert mitchum stars as clint tollinger in this short but tough western: man with the gun. tollinger is a professional town tamer - as in, when a town needs someone to save itself; he is the one who is brought in to do it. tollinger's latest gig comes by as an accident: strolling into town looking for his former fling, he stumbles into a town being played like a puppet by a local western gangster. but many townspeople begin to rue the day they hired tollinger, as his way of cleaning up the town becomes very taxing (suddenly high plains drifter seems less original). man with the gun starts off as an average western tough-guy film but begins to surprise you more and more as the film progresses. what starts off as forgettable and run-of-the-mill ends up dark and character-centered. the entire film is very well shot and the cast is very enjoyable. mitchum is his usual excellent self here in man with the gun - not one of his very best performances, mitchum still has his classic and effective tough-guy screen presence in high gear and he knocks the action-packed, meaningful, and shocking scenes of the film right out of the park. man with the gun is a nice mitchum western and is easily worth one's time.

clint tollinger arrives in a small town looking for his estranged wife and news of his daughter, tho he finds her, the chance of any sort of reconciliation is very slim. whilst here, the sheriff and the important townsfolk learn of tollinger's reputation as a pistol specialist town tamer. as they are living in fear of a mysterious landowner who is stripping the town from them bit by bit, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire tollinger to rid the town of it's unsavoury elements.man with the gun seems to be either a forgotten piece or a vastly under seen one, at the time of me writing this, it has just over 200 votes and a paltry 9 user comments written for it. it's a shame on either score because although the production values scream out that this is a b movie western, this is a fine entry in the western genre. that the piece takes on a rather standard plot theme of an harangued town turning to an avenging dark angel, probably hasn't done the film any favours over the years, i myself read the synopsis and thought it's just another in the line of similarly themed pictures. yet i was pleasantly surprised to find a darkly dramatic picture boasting many enjoyable moments, both technically and as a functioning story.robert mitchum is in the lead as tollinger, perfectly cast, he strides thru the picture like some brooding menace. we often talk about the screen presence that john wayne and charlton heston had {justifiably of course}, mitchum is right up there with the best of them. one sequence here sees him standing in the shadows at the back of a room as a meeting takes place, we don't see his face, but we can feel that piercing brood staring out at us!. the rest of the cast are also very much in mitchum's shadow, so really it's solely with the big man that the films acting credentials are high, perhaps it's unfair to single out ted de corsia for a kick, but man with the gun's minor failings are with its villains, and sadly de corsia is lacking any sort of villainesque menace. the score from alex north is excellently layered {fans of spartacus will certainly be pricking their ears up} and the cinematography from lee garmes is highly impressive when one realises that the majority of this picture was shot on the studio lot. directed and co-written by first time director richard wilson, man with the gun holds few surprises for the genre, but it's dark in tone, violent and above all else, highly watchable. 7.5/10

man with the gun is pretty much forgotten now, but caused a minor storm of media interest back in 1955 when robert mitchum turned down both jett rink in giant (which had actually been written for him and which was subsequently substantially reworked) and charles laughton's intended version of the naked and the dead to make it instead. despite some obvious production problems and some harsh lighting that occasionally renders both mitch and jan sterling in unflattering tones, it's a terrific dark western that more than stands comparison with his earlier blood on the moon as his 'town tamer' sets to work on a town that never had the chance to grow up before getting run down by the local badmen before turning out to – possibly – be almost as bad as the men he dispatches. certainly his way of dealing with news of a death in the family – burning a saloon to the ground and goading its manager into trying to kill him – doesn't inspire much confidence in his stability. as well as a good script and a surprisingly good supporting turn from the usually irritating but here well cast henry hull, it also boasts a strikingly good early alex north score, which even includes an early workout for one of his tormented emotional cues that would later turn up in spartacus.

i don't remember ever seeing this one before tonight, probably the title sounded so ordinary it kept passing me by. but it is a well crafted b western, with an interestingly brooding storyline complimented by acting veering from the good to corny.robert mitchum slopes into wide open town looking for his wife and news of their daughter, and stays for a time as town-tamer. as usual the good business folk have mixed emotions - they want to get rid of the baddies but like the business they bring. it still applies: relax drink and gambling laws and encourage the industries but pretend to deplore the seedy effects it can have on ordinary people. what's fascinating about this film is mitchum's cynically intense portrayal in going about cleaning the town of baddies, and the townsfolk's acceptance that his violent methods were the only ones. favourite bit: the sudden demise of 2 of the baddies in the red dog saloon. the firing of the main saloon bordered on nasty, but it was an effective way to combat the spread of poison.overall a very good film with its only fault tending to be a little hokeyness - not so good for do-gooders who would probably prefer a lifetime of negotiation with evil rather than end it.

very good western.this was the first time writer richard wilson directed a film, also this was a first for samuel goldwyn junior as a producer. it is a pleasure to see a very young and pretty angie dickinson as a saloon girl. robert mitchum comes to this town dominated by outlaws and is hired as a town tamer, but people are worried that he will go too far, also about the harm that he will do to the town´s businesses. there are some similarities in the story with "warlock" which was made in 1959. this film keeps a very fast and exciting pace, it really keeps you on the edge.

there should be a sub-genre in the western called 'the robert mitchum western'. mitchum's brilliant, idiosyncratic, usually undervalued westerns import his film noir persona to etch some compellingly dark character sketches, and bring an elegiac world-weariness more familiar from the films of sam peckinpah. 'man with the gun' is one of his best. directed by orson welles protege richard wilson, it is a stark, monochrome beauty, full of chilling silhouettes and terrifying outbursts of savage violence, as mitchum comes to tame a town terrorised by a monopolist with a private army. mitchum's regression from soft-spoken stranger to deranged murderer, with a host of dark emotions in between, is a marvel of expressive, physical acting.

this an free adaptation of the novels of clarence mulford; fans of the willaim boyd films will probably feel a little at sea here (and the reviews here so far reflect that). but i knew of hopalong from the novels first, and never cared much for the boyd films once i got around to them.christopher coppola has made a wise choice - he has not made a nostalgic "western"; instead, he has approached the cassidy story as a slice of what we used to call 'americana'; or what older critics once called 'homespun'. as the film unraveled, i found myself more and more reminded of the great "hallmark theater" version of mark twain's "roughing it", with james garner narrating.both these films remind us that, although films about the 'old west' are probably always to be mythic for americans, they need not be 'westerns'; they can very well be just films about what it meant to be american in that time, in that place.i never feel pandered to, watching this film; there's no effort to shove the boyd-cassidy legacy down our throats, no irony, no camp. consequently, i get a sense of these characters as having walked - or ridden horseback - across some real western america i too could have walked a hundred years ago.given that, the plainness of the film - it positively avoids anything we have come to call "style" - is all to its favor; and the plain acting of the performers fits neatly in with this; gosh, it really does feel like some story told around a campfire on a cattle drive - no visual dressing, just the quirks and good humor - and sudden violence - that we expect from the good narration of an adventure yarn. i was very pleasantly surprised by this film, and if the viewer sets aside encultured expectations, he or she will find considerable pleasure in it.i would have given this film 9-stars, but i'll give it a ten just because most reviewers here have missed the point completely; and i urge them to set their memories of boyd aside and give this film another chance.note 1: a reviewer complained that hopalong shoots people dead in this film, rather than shooting the guns out of their hands (ala boyd's cassidy); first, cassidy does shoot people dead in the novels; second, if cassidy were a real cowboy he would have shot people dead - the problem with shooting guns out of people's hands is that they can always get another gun - which happens to be part of the subtext of this very film.note 2: i admit that i am jealous of the coppola family, that they have the director of "the godfather" among them who can get them all opportunities to make movies that i can't; but a good movie is a good movie; and this is a good movie. if it's by somebody by the name "coppola", well, that's just is as it is. america is the land of opportunity (or was, until bush got into office) - that's what the great american novels are all about.

late one night on a desolate road, in an empty saloon martin sheen spins a yarn for robert carradine of hopalong cassidy and friends tracking a group of murderous cattle rustlers, who've killed a few men and kidnapped cassidy's girl.writer/director christopher coppola may have incurred the wrath of william boyd purists by daring to make a modern low budget film featuring their beloved hoppy, but i'm glad he did it! no character should be so tied to an an actor that no one else ever be allowed to play him or her again!i thought it was good fun and an interesting updating of the classic programmers of the thirties and forties. though guilty of some bad acting, this is earnest enough and unpretentious, making it hard for me to dislike.the whole production is a bit odd though, but i really enjoyed the scenes between sheen and carridine. the fact that we're watching a story within a story makes the oddness and exaggerations more palatable.

i can't believe others took such a serious view of all this. god, it was a lot of fun rooting for hop-a-long cassidy. it was a great tribute to the western serials of years ago. it wasn't meant to be a great cinema experience, except it was. so what if there wasn't a big special effects bonanza. it was a fun, tongue in cheek, look at old western's. man, relax and enjoy.

this is an interesting series that takes real life people (jesse james, john wesley hardin, etc)...and dramatizes part of their real story with a continuing series character taking part in that story. railroad detective "matt clark" -- takes a role in tracking down famous outlaws from the old west in stories that are at least partly based on the true accounts. in that sense, it's almost an anthology series, and as someone else pointed out, this odd structure poses some timeline conflicts with the real events, but it's a fun series with plenty of action to satisfy a western-hungry 1950's audience -- and it still holds up pretty well 55 years later. clark cuts a powerful figure in his western gear as he goes up against some of history's baddest baddies. and his girl-sidekick frankie is quite a dish. if you're a western fan, be sure to check it out if you have a chance.

this rather poorly named western series won an emmy for best syndicated program and is certainly an interesting series. it was produced by republic, the studio which did action better than anyone, and they put their best into it. each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west. a railroad detective named matt clark, similar to the later elliot ness with the gangsters of the 1920's and 30's, managed to become involved with almost every notorious western outlaw between the middle of the 1800's and wwi. the series' best asset was jim davis. tall, rugged, ruggedly good looking, in prime shape, with an authentic western accent, and great riding skills which made him utterly convincing in the action scenes, davis was every inch the western hero. he was teamed with two lovely and active co-stars, mary castle as "frankie" during the first season, and kristine miller as "jonesy" during the second. each worked well with davis.what separated this show from its contemporaries and much of what came later was the professionalism invested in the action scenes. ace action directer william witney directed 30 episodes. franklin adreon the rest. both filmed the action with polish. republic's vast store of stock footage from serials and b's was utilized to give scope. the level of individual episodes rose or fell with the quality of the guest stars brought in to the play the outlaws. among the really good ones were marie windsor as belle starr, lee van cleef as jesse james, fess parker as grat dalton, jean parker as cattle kate, and joe sawyer and slim pickins as butch cassady and "the smilin' kid". the cream of the western up and comers, pickins, parker, denver pyle, james best, and richard jaeckel, honed their craft. b veterans with decades of experience under their belts, harry woods, glenn strange, kenneth macdonald, earle hodgkins, steve darrell, and chief yowlachie, provided the old leather feel of vintage westerns.the weakness of the concept was that there are only so many famous western outlaws. by the second season the famous figures were becoming a mite obscure for all by the most dedicated history buff. nevertheless, a few of the later shows were a match for any, due to the guest stars. henry brandon portrayed rustler nate champion, and former republic star don barry was outstanding as small-time outlaw milt sharp.western fans or history buffs will want to see this.

"stories of the century" was a half hour series and appeared in first run syndication during the '54-'55 television season. it was also the first western tv series to win an emmy award. starring veteran western actor jim davis as railroad detective matt clark, the series set clark and his fellow railroad detective partners (mary castle as frankie adams for the first half of the season and kristine miller as "jonesy" during the second half)against historic western outlaws of various periods ranging from the mid-1860's to the early 1900's. the series was very satisfying, easy to watch, and fairly realistic due mainly to the easygoing charm of jim davis in the lead role. he seemed like an actual western character. one other note. when matt clark would arrive in town after a long ride he actually looked like he had been on a long horse ride as he would be covered in dust.a very good early adult western.

this unassuming, fairly routine series deserves credit in the tv history books for two reasons: it was the first to win an emmy award for best syndicated series, and it was the very first show to come from the fabled studios of republic pictures, known for its low-budget but high-powered shoot-em-ups in the 30's and 40's.republic was one of the first hollywood studios to make a leap into the small screen, which was still in its infancy. but the studios' tenure as producer of tv pulp fiction would be brief. after this show, they would later dabble with the other format that they were known for, the adventure serial, with "commando cody", as well as other series, but like this one, they didn't last longer than 39 episodes. also, republic was in its last stages as a studio; it would finish out its tenure in hollywood as rental stages for several revue studio series such as "soldiers of fortune", the original "dragnet", and "kit carson", before finally shutting its doors in 1959.anyway, "stories of the century" wasn't that bad of an oater, its calling card was tales based on authentic figures in western history, mainly outlaws like black bart, johnny ringo, john wesley hardin, the dalton bros. and the like. the late jim davis, best known for his role as the ewing patriarch in "dallas", put in an amiable job in the lead role as matt clark, a fictional railroad detective who has to contend with said outlaws, played by veteran and soon-to-be veteran character actors.two amazing facts here: the incidents would take place in different time lines, some in the 1880's, some at the turn of the century, but clark never ages. and also, matt has the good luck to saddle himself with two lovely female detectives as sidekicks, frankie adams, played by mary castle, and her replacement, margaret "jonesy" jones, by kristine miller. the lone ranger could only wish for lady companionship. you can only spend such time with tonto for so long."stories of the century" is a studio city tv production from republic pictures corp. 39 episodes were made during 1954, all 39 of which are in public domain and on dvd.

so, finally i know it exists. along with the other uk contributors on here i saw this on what must have been it's only uk screening in the 70's. i remembered the title, but got nowhere when i mentioned it to people. it scarred me (that's 2 'r's) but when you go to bed with doom whizzing about your brain and listening all around for impending terror, then isn't that what a truly classic horror movie is all about?? i can barely remember the intricacies of the movie, but what i do recollect is my shivering flesh and heightened senses. can anyone confirm my suspicions that this is black and white? again, if anyone has any info on how to obtain a copy of this, please get in touch...

like many people on this site, i saw this movie only once, when it was first televised in 1971. certain scenes linger in my memory and an overall feeling of disquiet is how i remember being affected by it. i would be fascinated to see it again, if it was ever made available for home video.possible spoiler: i wonder if anyone else would agree that the basic plot setup and characters might have been derived from a 1960 british movie, originally titled city of the dead, retitled horror hotel for the american release? there are some similarities also to a later british film the wicker man.one detail remains with me years after seeing the film. it's a small but significant moment near the beginning of the film. as i recall, a minister and his wife have stopped to aid some people by the side of the road, circa 1870, somewhere out west. the friendly seeming ray milland introduces himself and his ( daughter?), yvette mimieux, a beautiful young mute woman. while the preacher is helping ray milland with the wagon, a rattlesnake slithers into view and coils menacingly, unobserved by any of the characters except yvette mimieux. she doesn't look scared at all, but stares at the snake with silent concentration, until it goes away. with this strange little moment, we already realize there's something highly unusual about these seemingly normal folks, though the possible danger to the minister and his wife remains vague and uncertain for a long time.that one little scene stays with me vividly after all these years, along with many others. the film has a haunting quality about it that won't let go, and it's not surprising that people remember it so vividly. someone ought to make this available for home video!

finally got to see this classic tv movie on an unofficial disc recorded from an old vhs, it is a classic piece of horror. its a pity more of this neglected corner of horror in terms of official releases on dvd and vhs ... the tv horror movie. recommended for all fans of the 70's tv movie much like trilogy of terror. those interested should get the book on the subject by david deal - television fright films of the 70's. email me for a chance to see it.....its fabulous to see it again.it does have it problems like many tv movies they have to be rather inventive in the effects dept and even at 70 mins it can seem to drag possibly we are all used to more modern editing but still great stuff and far better than many theatrical frights released today.

i have seen this film only once, on tv, and it has not been repeated. this is strange when you consider the rubbish that is repeated over and over again. usually horror movies for me are a source of amusement, but this one really scared me.do not read the next bit if you have'nt seen the film yetthe scariest bit is when the townsfolk pursue the preacher to where his wife lies almost dead (they'd been poisoning her). he asks who the hell are you people anyway. one by one they give their true identities. the girl who was pretending to be deaf in order to corrupt and seduce him says "i am lilith, the witch who loved adam before eve".

i feel like i have some uber-rare disease that no one has heard of and i have finally come across a support group on the net! i finally found this title by asking for an answer on an "experts" site on the web. i too, saw this movie in my youth and was struck by the atmosphere and especially the ending. i have never forgotten it and have never seen it since. no one i know saw the film and i had almost given up on ever finding it's title. alas, even knowing the name, i shall probably never see the film again as it is impossible to find commercially. small steps...g

i saw this movie on tv when it came out, and never seen it again. for the life of me, i couldn't remember the title and just stumbled across it while checking roy thinne's movie credits. excellent, dark, and spooky tv horror movie in the same class as "crowhaven farm"; "don't be afraid of the dark"; and "satan's school for girls", all lost satanic classics. i also think it has many parallels to clint eastwood's classic, "high plains drifter". why don't they release these great little movies, especially when you consider all of the more recent garbage that fills the discount dvd racks at wal-mart? most of these flicks have a cult-following, so sales shouldn't be a problem.

whenever people ask me to name the scariest movie i've ever seen, i invariably reply "black noon" and to this day nobody's ever heard of it.i watched it alone some 30 years ago at the tender age of 13 when my parents had gone out for the evening. as far as i know its only ever been shown once in the uk and sadly is unavailable on dvd or vhs.if anyone can trace a copy please let me know.if i watched it again now it would probably be a big disappointment but it has always stuck in my memory as a particularly disturbing little film!

i cannot believe how unknown this movie is,it was absolutely incredible. the ending alone has stuck with me for almost thirty years. the road sign through the rearveiw mirror blew me away. if you liked "race with the devil" you will love this movie

after some difficulty, johnny yuma arrives at his ailing uncle's ranch to take over day to day operations, only to find out that the old man has been murdered by his beautiful gold-digger wife and the woman's vicious brother.good production values, a likable performance by mark damon, and a breezy action packed script combine to make this an entertaining, if not exceptionally deep, above average addition to the spaghetti western genre.co-star rosalba neri is one of the hottest european babes ever to grace the screen. here she's absolutely perfect as the cold-hearted user (and abuser) of weak men.damon and neri appeared together in at least one other picture, the devil's wedding night, a pretty good horror movie that's of particular interest for those of you that want to see what's underneath rosalba's dresses.

in the opening scene, the eye patch wearing desperado named hawkeye has a smooth forehead, but when he follows johnny into the pueblo, he's shown with a scar over his patched eye. that's just one of the many continuity lapses in this edgy 'spaghetti' western, but rather than detract from the picture, it adds a special flavor to the proceedings.another occurs when sanchez turns in his three dead bodies, they have to be examined for their identities - "you just can't imagine how many false cadavers we have in our town". immediately after, carradine (lawrence dobkin) shows up to collect his bounty with no more than a wanted poster in hand.as for the film's principal johnny yuma (mark damon), he's shown with his holster alternately on his right and left hip throughout the movie after exchanging gun belts with carradine following the barroom brawl. johnny's bound for san margo at his uncle's request, but will have to avenge his death at the hands of deceitful wife samantha (rosalba neri) and her conniving brother pedro (louis vanner). it takes some time getting there, but it's a fun ride with one of the best music scores on record. as for that saloon fight, i got a kick out of the kung fu sound effects every time a punch connected.care for some more story exaggerations? following the duel with pedro the first time, johnny wipes a small amount of blood from his lip which he manages to smear pedro's entire face with. similarly, when pedro smacks around little pepe later in the film he doesn't cut him, but by the time johnny arrives, pepe's face is covered with blood."johnny yuma" is probably one of the best of the genre that doesn't have clint eastwood in it. as johnny, mark damon is a reasonably suitable stand in but without the seething exterior. carradine seemed to be a replacement for the obligatory lee van cleef character, without being a total bad guy. at first the identity exchange between carradine and johnny didn't seem to make sense, but it all tied together by the time the film ended. you knew each henchman would wind up getting his due; marking time for each was part of the anticipation.in case you're wondering, the title hero has nothing to do with the nick adams character from the classic tv western "the rebel". in this film, johnny got his name from a gunfight he had in yuma once.perhaps the most unique element of the story had to do with the way it tied things up with the evil samantha who pulled the strings behind the scenes throughout. after shooting carradine she beats a hasty retreat before johnny can get his revenge. still alive, it looks like carradine tries to shoot her and misses, but it doesn't take long for johnny and sanchez to track her into the dessert where she perished without water - carradine aimed for her canteen.

spoiler for anyone who is lucky enough to ever see this film (so not really spoiler after all). saw this film when it was released and can still remember parts of it. it's all set in a small town in the west or what is left of that town. it more resembles a ghost town with few inhabitants. among them a couple, where the wife is especially wicked. she lets her man die in the end of the film and leaves the town but has to cross the desert. we never know what happens to her next but just before she left her dying man shoots after her and deliberately does not hit her and instead the water supply. she is not aware of that soon she will be very thirsty. mark damon kills a couple of bad guys in a funny manor - but that's another story, which i don't remember too good. the remaining impression of the film was that it was one of the first times i saw a really wicked woman on film, who pretends to be anything but wicked - can't be compared with the witch in 'snowwhite', who, in comparison is easy to find out. very tight western with few main characters and still absorbing.

one of the more satisfying western all'italiana, johnny yuma has the freshness of many wai made during the heyday of the genre and is highly recommended for fans of the genre or offbeat, intelligent cinema.johnny yuma is, in most respects, not terribly original, but this actually does not count against it. the success of a genre film depends on how well it meets the audience's expectations as well as provides surprising variations on these expected elements. earlier, pleasing experiences are recreated but with subtle (or major) twist that provide continuing interest. the quality of the execution is also, obviously, important. a tired retread will be less successful than a sincere attempt to entertain or move the audience.given these criteria, johnny yuma succeeds. there are numerous reprises of elements from earlier films. the setting is the brutal, twisted semi-feudal twilight world of shared by many of the best "gothic family" westerns made 1964-1968 such as tempo di massacre (1966). the plot is a combination of the basic fistful of dollars (1964) plot and the ringo films, a fact not surprising as screenwriter fendiando di leo was involved in both. di leo was one of the best screenwriters in the popular cinema coming out of cinecitta in the 1960s-70s and his work helped provide much of the thematic continuities and coherency to the genre (along with a couple of other personalities in a few distinct circles of actors, directors, and screenwriters). in the fod plot, the protagonist arrives in town, stirs up a tense situation, then undergoes a near-death followed by a resurrection (in some films, like quella sporca storia nel west (1968) it is quite literally a crucifixion). the catholic undertone to the narrative and the symbolism is intriguing, especially given the implicit populist/explicit socialist leanings of the filmmakers and their films. the ringo plot, developed more fully by screenwriter ernesto gastaldi in a series of films starring guliano gemma, a egoistic protagonist chooses the interest of a community over his own through the medium of a relationship with a member of that community (with a healthy dash ironic uncertainty).the relationship between carradine and johnny is clearly based on that of manco/mortimer from a fistful of dollar (1965). the two scene of the exchange of the gun belts provides a clever dialog and understanding between the two. numerous films, including da uomo a uomo (1968) or even el chuncho, quién sabe? (1967), use this relationship between an older and younger man (father/son, older/younger brother, anglo adviser/adversary and peasant revolutionary) as a central dynamic to the plot.additionally, there is the focus on deception and misdirection, mazes and mirrors, that recur throughout the best early wai. the canons and pueblos of almeria become literal mazes through which protagonist and antagonist play shifting games of cat and mouse.what distinguishes johnny yuma from other wai is the quality of director romolo guerriri's use of visual/psychological space together arrangement with the script's intelligent mechanisms to forward the plot. dialogue was never very important to the wai and often absurdly unintelligible (thought there are exceptions, such as the cynical commentaries in django (1966) or faccia a faccia (1967).psychological depth of character is created almost entirely through iconic imagery, it's juxtapositions, and it's description of the overall narrative situation. see how the presence of the deadly samantha is felt during the beating scene – watching from the roof or from the background of the action. or how johnny strips samantha and pedro of their security and confidence in their power through his stealthy invasions of their ranch, hotel, even bedroom (this, again, is a theme from fod). finally, note how there is a focus on the search for information. like many elements, this is borrowed from fod which was ultimately based on the hard-boiled mystery novel red harvest. it is through incidental contacts, wanted posters, overheard conversations, glances out of windows, watches left in the dust, or mistaken identities and movements through the ripples created by the actions of pedro and samantha within this surreal and absurd reality that the narrative tacks forward to it's conclusion.the movie was notable in it's time for what were perceived of as excesses in violence. of course, these films were hardly more violent than many american westerns. what was different was the psychological intensity of the violence and the causes to which it was attributed, which is to say that it was not the violence but it's meaning that had changed. johnny yuma is distinct and interesting in it's use and portrayal of violence and this is another interesting aspect of the film.what i personally find most interesting about most of this genre is the link it provides to the anonymous, nameless audiences in italy and spain to whom these recurrent narratives held some significance and interest. the artifact may have no intrinsic worth in and of itself – some flint debitage from a prehistoric site, a shard of cruse pottery, or a moldering piece of leather and rusted metal – but it is reference to some nameless presence, lives, that were significant simply because they existed. while johnny yuma has intrinsic worth, much of it's interest for me derives from this connection and mystery.top spaghetti western list http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849907average sws http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849889for fanatics only (bottom of the barrel) http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849890

this wonderful little film has all of the elements that made the spaghetti western so exciting and fun: great music (by one of the few..if not the only..female composer to work in the genre, nora orlandi), exciting action sequences (and very vicious ones for the day!), and beautiful scenery and sets (all in almeria, spain, of course). it also has a very good story with a nice tragic romance edge to it. the actors do marvelous jobs--with truly standout performances from lawrence dobkin and rosalba neri (in the most vital role for a female in a spaghetti western..outside of cardinale in leone's "once upon a time in the west"). without posting any spoilers, let me just say that this movie contains one of the best endings of any film i have ever seen!

this is a very memorable spaghetti western. it has a great storyline, interesting characters, and some very good acting, especially from rosalba neri. her role as the evil villainess in this film is truly classic. she steals every scene she is in, and expresses so much with her face and eyes, even when she's not speaking. her performance is very believable. she manages to be quite mesmerizing without being over the top (not that there's anything wrong with being over the top). mark damon is surprisingly good in this movie too.the music score is excellent, and the theme song is the kind that will be playing in your head constantly for days after seeing the movie, whether you want it to or not. there are a couple of parts that are very amusing. i especially like the part where rosalba neri undresses in front of the parrot. there's also lots of slick gun-play that's very well done.i would probably have given this movie 8 or 9 stars if it wasn't for two things. the first being a silly bar room brawl that occurs about 25 minutes into the film. this is one of the most ridiculous looking fights i have ever seen in a movie. it is very poorly choreographed, and looks more like a dance number from a bad musical than any kind of a real fight. one might be able to overlook this if it were a terence hill/bud spencer comedy, but this is a more serious western, and the brawl really needed to be more realistic. the other thing that annoyed me about this movie was yuma's cowardly mexican sidekick. i guess he was supposed to be comic relief or something, but the character was just plain stupid and unnecessary in a movie like this, and he wasn't at all funny. all i can say is where is tuco when you need him? all that having been said, let me assure everyone reading this that johnny yuma is a classic spaghetti western despite the faults i have mentioned, and all fans of the genre need to see this movie.

we really enjoyed grey owl: a simple tale well told in classic attenborough fashion: a little over-romanticized, with archetypes, humor, and a stress of dignity and values.beautifully shot and told at a nice pace this is the true story of archie, an englishman who turned native indian, and went to live and trap in canada.solid performances from all makes this film with a message easy viewing.two of the stars of the film are without a doubt the cutest we have ever seen - and the message is a good one with its ecoleanings. it must have been great to meet or read grey owl in the 1930s, a unique character and this is a fitting film tribute.

a number of richard attenborough's films as director have been biographies of major historical figures- "young winston", "gandhi", "chaplin". "grey owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case attenborough's subject is a much more obscure character.grey owl was a canadian writer of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted the ideas of environmentalism and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than they are today. he was widely believed to be an american indian; the story he told about himself was that he had been born in mexico to a scottish father and apache mother and had emigrated to canada where he had been adopted as a member of the ojibway tribe. he lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the canadian wilderness, where he earned a living as a trapper. he toured britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and to give lectures on conservationism, and achieved great success, even being introduced to the royal family. (during one of these tours attenborough, then a teenager, saw grey owl at the london palladium theatre). after his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he had not been who he claimed to be; his real name was archibald belaney, and he had been born in the english seaside town of hastings.the film departs somewhat from the facts of grey owl's life. in a scene set in 1934 he states that he is 41 years old; in reality, he was born in 1888 so would have been 46 in that year. (46 would have been pierce brosnan's age when the film was made, so i am not sure why this change was made). numerous events are compressed into the last four years of grey owl's life (1934-1938). in the film it is during this period that he meets and marries gertrude bernard whom he called anahareo; in reality, he met and married gertrude as early as 1925. the film also omits the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that grey owl remarried shortly before his death.the revelation of grey owl's true identity adversely affected his posthumous reputation, and he was dismissed as a "fraud". his supposed deceit was even used to discredit the causes which he had championed. richard attenborough, however, takes a more sympathetic view of his achievements. one of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity. although the erstwhile archibald belaney was not a canadian indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a deep knowledge of ojibway culture and lore and that he spoke their language fluently. he was accepted by the ojibway as a member of their tribe. it therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to a native north american identity as being a fraudulent one, merely because it was an identity he had chosen rather than one he had been born into.according to the film, grey owl's wife gertrude was herself of indian descent, but came from a family which had been assimilated into white canadian culture. her marriage can therefore be seen as her reclamation of her family's original cultural heritage. she was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also had an influence on him, persuading him to give up his work as a fur trapper as she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur.one criticism made of the film is that pierce brosnan is "miscast" as the hero, a criticism which seems to be rooted in the preconception that brosnan can only play action heroes in the james bond mould. it seems to me, however, that brosnan may deliberately have taken this role in order to avoid being typecast, the taciturn backwoodsman grey owl being about as far from the suave, sophisticated agent bond as one can get. the original bond, sean connery, also seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "the hill" or "the molly maguires". brosnan is in fact very good in this role, although i would agree with those who found annie galipeau weak as gertrude.another frequently-voiced criticism with which i would not agree is that the film is "boring". certainly, it is not an action film like the bonds, nor is it a great epic biopic like "gandhi", and it may indeed seem boring to those who were expecting it to be either the one or the other. it is however, likely to please anyone with an interest in the early days of the conservationist movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity. the scenes of the canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. richard attenborough has done us a service by helping to revive interest in this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10

this is an excellent movie. as a canadian who grew up with a rural lifestyle much of it is familiar , the winter, canoeing , trapping , hunting and the like. it is easy to take the familiar for granted but after watching this film a few times it has grown on me .the story of grey owl is well known to many canadians credit to director attenborough and screenplay writer nicholson for expanding the story.brosnan does well portraying a complex man , a very fine performance. annie galipeau is lovely in her first large role. the rest of the cast is solid.

okay, i'll admit the casting in the film is really strange--part of this is due to the plot, but i still had a bit of trouble believing pierce brosnan playing this lead (though he really did a pretty good job).it's based on a true story of an englishman who went to live with the canadian indians in the early 20th century. he claimed to be a mixed blood indian. he was, in fact, so successful and well thought of that people came from all over to hear his lectures and be taken on his wilderness treks--even though he was not a mixed blood indian and all his knowledge was from books or faked! the movie centers on this and what occurred when the hoax was uncovered.the acting and settings were great and i really liked the film (once i suspended disbelief about brosnan). it didn't get widespread distribution--probably because it was pretty cerebral--not a bond film nor a romance--just a really odd film about a remarkable man.

richard attenborough who already given us magnific films as "a chorus line" and "gandhi", once more surprise us making a beautiful hymn to the nature. indeed, the vast and (in that time) unexplored territory of canada helps to compose the stunning beauty of the landscapes picked up by the motion picture camera. if the movie is really based on a true story, once more becomes evidente that "men of vision" are, in truth, men that lives beyond their time, with a historical perspective that only the time will give them reason. the cinematography is magnificient, such as the cast lead by pierce brosnan, whose performance is due to attenborough's master hands. a pleasing surprise is the appearance of annie galipeau in the role of archie's beloved. movie that must appears in a list of those who really loves the nature...

i didn't expect much when i first saw the dvd cover. i mean, pierce brosnan as grey owl??ah...but then the story got underway, unfolded in a beautifully photographed and paced film. i was surprised and delighted at this (basically) true story. made me want to read more about this fascinating character, which means, the director fulfilled his purpose, and the film was a success!

radio was not a 24 hour 7days a week happening when i grew up in the 1930s england, so children's hour was a treat for me when we had batteries and an accumulator to spare for the power. the few programmes i heard therefore made a great impression on my young mind, and the 3 that i recall still are "toytown", one about all the animals at the zoo, and --- grey owl, talking about the animals he knew, which he called his "brothers". it was only in recently that i learnt that grey owl wasn't a genuine "indian", but the tribute paid by the sioux chief makes great sense to me "a man becomes what he dreams". would that we could all dream as world changing and beneficial as archie grey owl belaney. would that a new grey owl could influence world leaders to clean up the environment.

amazing movie i saw this movie for the first time on a flight and could not believe that i had not even heard of it before getting on that plane. while it may seem, at first to be a "chick flick", it is a film that everyone should see and will enjoy. men, watch this movie with someone you love. you will enjoy it as much as she does and it will score you big points.

there should be more movies about our native americans. i especially think that using actual real native americans, would be the the right thing. i know that this archie belaney, who was played by pierce brosnan he did an excellent job in portraying that character, since he was an englishman. but my suggestion to hollywood, is to put more american indians into the roles, and never use anyone else. the sioux nation has been put on the back burner far too long. their poverty is a disgrace to our country. it is my firm belief that our country should return the black hills to the sioux. we ask israel to return their lands to the arabs, but we do not make any effort to do the same, we should be ashamed of ourselves. we must practice what we preach!

we viewed the vcr and found it to be fascinating. not knowing anything about this true story, i thought: "oh, no, p.brosnan as an american indian ('red' indian in the film), what a bad choice" until i discovered the truth about grey owl. the film does a good job of demonstrating the dignity of these native peoples and undermining the racist myths about them. and annie galipeau, wow, what a beauty, and very convincing as an indian woman (i believe she is french-canadian; she sure reverts to the all-too familiar speech of such). in spite, of brosnan's detached, grunting style, in the end he comes through convincingly as a passionate, dedicated man. the plot is a little weak in demostrating his conversion from trapper to animal coservationist. good film, highly recommended.

the movie is wonderful. it shows the man's work for the wilderness and a natural understanding of the harmony of nature, without being an "extreme" naturalist. i definitely plan to look for the book. this is a rare treasure!

well worth watching, especially with the nice twist of a journalist with integrity, you are expecting a big fall down story line as grey owl is unmasked as a fraud, but it is not to be and adds to the generally optimistic and uplifting theme and drama of the story and film.this has to be brosnan's best performance to date, he convinces admirably as the english boy playing indians. the stand out scene is the return to his ?aunts? where brosnan and the two elderly lady actresses make a wonderful scene full of feeling of nostalgia and a life lost with so little dialogue, just with expressions and good direction. perfect.the story is so little known and the message so universal and all important it is a real pity this film did not get better recognition, maybe in time it may become a bit of a classic and a sleeper. i hope so.well done dickie attenborough and cast.

if you know the story of grey owl, you'll love the movie! annie galipeau is a great actress, and pierce is better than never in grey owl. but in this movie there's no real scene of action. i think this movie should be nominated at the oscars! welll go see this movie, it's a classic!

this is an interesting true story of archie grey owl, who dreamed of being an indiain when he was a child until the age of 17 he was born in england then moved to canada where he was adotped by indiains and he writes collums in magazines and he wrote a book that caugt the attention of millions the book was of his life. but at the end he told his wife that he was not a real indiain and she was fine with it and he died at the age of 43 two years after he went back into the wildness.

this film is wonderful in every way that modern action adventures are not. take some time. relax, enjoy. think. people who see this movie as slow or plodding or dull really need to take a week off and watch it several times until their short attention span mind comes to grips with the possibility of being involved with a cause or even beautiful story in a beautiful place for no other reason than because it isn't hurrying to make the points you so emphatically need it to make in the short time alloted. at first i was apprehensive of brosnan playing a native american. given the story line though, i think it was apt casting. now, back to my hermiting. -jahfre

all in all a good film and better for the fact that had the film not been made the story might remain hidden to the masses. brosnan does a good job as the native american with a hidden past and the photography is stunning. to some, this may be too whimsical, to others boring - for me it is a gentle, well-told tale and perfect for family viewing. now that's not something you get a lot of recently.

i know some people think the movie is boring but i disagree. it is a biography of a very complex and extraordinary person. i liked the characters in the film and think that leaving parts of archie's life a mystery captured his humanity. i don't think the purpose of a good biography should be the detailing of someone's life but rather the complexities and relationships that make them interesting. and what is more fascinating than someone so successfully reinventing themselves? "men become what they dream - you have dreamed well." good job to lord attenborough. i also wanted to mention that nathaniel arcand really stood out to me as a charismatic actor and i hope to see him in more films.

here, on imdb.com i read an opinion, that grey owl is best character of pierce brosnan ever performed. i do not know if he had better nor worse roles, i'm not his fan, but this one was really exceptional.the other thing - impressive hand of the movie director. i give my respect. the serenity, the beauty and spirit of wilderness was illustrated really exlusively, i never met such proximity it in any movie before.another thing left in my mind after the film - this is the movie, closest to the original books, and atmosphere in it. and little bit more. i pay my respect to the original grey owl.

this film is a wonderful movie based on the life of a man called grey owl in 1930s canada. i found it to be similarly riveting and heartfelt as 'rudy' and 'awakenings'. it picks up late in grey owl's life and follows him through his most tumultuous and influential period.the film is about a canadian indian trapper who finds himself promoting the plight of the over-trapped beaver. he also predicts the decrease in natural lands and the overuse of earth's resources. this is an outrageous concept in the 1930s and surprisingly well received. he becomes a well known speaker and the masses are ready to listen.the casting of pierce brosnan seems rather odd, but is not outrageous. anyone wanting to argue that point must first watch the movie to understand. brosnan provides a wonderful performance as does annie galipeau. galipeau is a strong actress whose place beside brosnan is refreshingly natural compared to the forced pairings in recent bond films.i would recommend this film to anyone interested in good drama, beautiful scenery, or environmental causes. it is a movie for families as well, however children under 10 (depending on maturity) would have trouble following the plot.

the movie is more about pony than grey owl. it's also about aboriginals, canada, the english, grey owl's aunts and the north bay nugget. excellent story.this is an excellent movie, more like a book, that raises interesting questions about cultural identity and values. the key scene is grey owl admitting his imposture to pony and her reaction.a few observations on the user ratings. note that the user ratings are bi-polar clustering at 5 and 7; it's not for everyone, but has a strong following. this movie is underrated and overlooked but will be noticed for years to come. also, few women have watched the movie but they rate it more highly than men. has it been marketed properly?

recently i was looking for the newly issued wide screen dvd of fly away home and came upon interesting title that i had never heard of: grey owl. the fact that it was a richard attenborough film caught my attention (he responsible for such fine films as gandhi, chaplin, and shadowlands). i noticed that the screenplay was by william nicholson (author of shadowlands). this "special edition" was full of interesting sounding material and the price was just under $10.00 -- so i chanced it & bought it. wow! what a beautiful film. pierce brosnan stars as archie grey owl, a real life trapper in the 1930s, who came to love and respect the wild lands of canada, and worked to help protect them. brosnan (who starred in a james bond film) gives a shaded, warm, powerful performance as does annie galipeau as the young woman who loves and influences his feeling for the creatures of the land -- especially the beaver. a fine score by george fenton (the crucible) and beautiful photograhy by roger pratt add greatly to the effectiveness of the film. and the extras on this dvd are something else! includes two shorts made in the 1930s with the real grey owl as well as audio commentary tracks by attenborough and producer jake eberts; 2 featurettes; and many other fine additions plus options for those having access to a pc with dvd-rom features. grey owl has been released directly to dvd in the united states -- a fact that richard attenborough attributes to hollywood's lack of interest in distributing something that isn't loaded with a lot of violence and sex. this is a film that not only informs and entertains but leaves you with something to think about. i had a very warm feeling at the films conclusion -- and a whole new love and understanding for beavers! grey owl is a very fine film -- worth checking out! this is one i look forward to sharing with others.

i saw this movie on the hallmark channel and thought it was wonderful, especially since it was based on a true man. pierce brosnan was very good as the loner english man who took on the persona of the half breed grey owl. the photography was beautiful.this movie made me do more research into this character archie belaney known simple as grey owl. i want to read as much as i can about him. at the time i did not know richard attenborough had directed it. but i am not surprised. i like all his movies whether he is acting or directing. i gave it the highest rating. however, i would have liked to have seen more in the movie about why he took on this persona as it only showed the two aunts who raised him and his room in their house.you can't go wrong with this movie if you are like me and enjoy a beautiful story without hearing foul language and contrived special effects every few minutes.

pierce brosnan will probably be the only thing familiar in richard attenborough's new biopic. the rest is new to international audiences: canadian history and first nations culture."grey owl" is a light examination of how an man came to be adopted into the ojibway of northern ontario, learning and preaching environmentalism decades before it became politically correct to do so. the film contains a love story, a moral message, and a man tortured by his past. that torture, though, is not always brought to life with the dramatic impact that it might.nevertheless, it is a film which holds its audience without any violence. it pays deep respect to canada's first nations, and presents them in a dignified and non-stereotypical manner. brosnan's performance is somewhat stiff, but i suspect that's just how lord attenborough wanted him.thanks from a proud canadian.

this docu-drama is what you would expect from richard attenborough, the man who gave us "gandhi": beautifully photographed, compellingly casted, well written in the measured, literate manner that hollywood discarded in the 30's, and scrupulously accurate. it stands out as a genre film, excelling in its portrayal of native american (or, more appropriately for its canadian setting, "first nations") culture and standing with "black robe" as a wonderfully photographed piece of canoe country and its culture (here, circa 1934). this idyllic portrait derives drama from its subject: archie "grey owl" belaney, a scot raised in hastings (england) by maiden aunts who became so obsessed with the "red indian" tales of his childhood that he went to canada, disappeared into the woods, and became a trapper and adopted son of an ojibway band. he was a vain man with a habit of marrying and abandoningindian brides, none of whom seem to have thought less of him for it, for he was also an extraordinarily charming and picaresque character. one of his wives (one smarter than he, by most accounts) propelled him into fame as a writer and early advocate for protecting the wild country of the north, and this forms the focus of attenborough's tale. the chemistry between brosnan and annie galipeau (as grey owl's wife pony) is engaging and, if not firey, is nonetheless quite touching. a good film when you need some time from the madding crowd.

my definition of a great movie is if you want to continue to see it over again. this movie for some reason strikes a cord in me even though the scenes with scott glenn still make me winch; i watch it over and over again and love the music!

john travolta, the biggest honkeytonk in the world, and a mechanical bull...what more can you ask for! yeah, you're probably not going to get many surprises or deep meaning in this one. yet, i have always found it fairly enjoyable to watch this redneck romance. bud (travolta) and sissy (debra winger) meet at gilley's and fall in love. they have all the difficulties you might expect a hardcore redneck couple to have. the honkeytonk scenes are fun with dancing, mechanical bull riding, and -of course- the required brawls. it has a good, 1980 country soundtrack, featuring "looking for love in all the wrong places", "the devil went down to georgia", and "hello texas" by my favorite jimmy buffett. break out your cowboy boots and have a boot-scootin' boogie! *** (out of 4)

don't mind the soundtrack, which is played out by now.still, debra winger is always interesting and while this was an earlier role for her, she is quite good as cissy, girl from the wrong side of the tracks, lived in trailer with bud, (travolta), only to be replaced for a time by city slicker madolyn smith as a rival.i agree with an earlier review regarding scott glenn, he is used for plot only, thrown in to the mix to create suspense; the story is predictable and contrived.also, even though i am from the east, many of us did not like "saturday night fever", while it had its moments, the perpetual stereotypes are beyond criticism at this point.worth seeing for debra winger; she is still so likable, and never had that hollywood persona we are subjected to by too many actresses today. 7/10

another entertaining travolta dance flick! great music, mood, and scenes. debra winger is beautiful! like "saturday night fever", this macho film features extremely improbable scenes of beautiful women falling for travolta and almost begging him to have sex with them.

this is a smart drama about the way of life in a texas honky tonk in the early 1980's. john travolta and debra winger turn out two very believable performances as bud and sissy davis. this film really opens up the country music scene and helped introduce america to the mechanical bull. if you love a good romance film, then you will love this movie.

how can anyone argue the fact that urban cowboy was, and still is, the best document of texas life for the time period. consider the following: men beat their wives, get drunk at bars nightly, get married to settle a fight, commit adultery, and compete on mechanical bulls. try and name a movie that depicts real life so vividly. they dont make them anymore. it seems current films are always about people with lots of money, they live in huge homes, drive expensive cars and don't work. this movie has a celebration scene about getting a trailer for pete's sake !anyway, i watch it at least once a week. no kidding. i have dissected this movie from end to end. feel free to email me to learn more about my reason for calling it a documentary. consider the following scenes: bud sees sissy - they are split up - he amicably honks and waves, she flips him the bird - he returns half the peace sign honking his horn to add impact then tears off.buds mom calls him approx. 18 hours after he gets into town, on a sunday, to see if he has a job yet - all he has accomplished is getting drunk and laid(x2), with help from his uncle and aunt who cover for him."you all live like pigs" think about why this scene is needed. think about it. was it necessary ? could we not figure it out without showing the filthy sink ? god i love that !sissy allows wes to help her ride the bull. only a few days (or possibly the next day) after wes just kicked the crap out of her husband. steve asks - hey sissy, remember wes ? oh yeah, didnt you beat my husband up the other night, so let's get this lesson goin', to make no mention of the fact that she seeks solace in him later during one bud and sissy's many fights, which by the way all take place in public - in gilley's !the wedding reception picture taking session (oh the humanity !) could they at least arrange or move the chairs out of the way. "my legs are sweatin' momma"in conclusion, you don't put scenes like this in a movie to try and show insight into human psychology. it is a documentary of real life.i only wish there was a director's cut....

i guess every time i see one of these old movies from the 80's it puts me back at a simpler time, no matter how corny they may seem today. this movie is a good one. i remember seeing it as a small kid and thinking it was the greatest movie ever. it has all the heroistic characters that a young cowboy wants to be. now as an adult, i can look back and laugh and still feel sad, but this time i actually know what's going on. i did find one thing weird. how many people can move to houston and hook up with sissy,get married,move into a trailer,have a falling out,cheat, have an uncle die,then get back together, all in the course of a month? only in america.

what an overlooked 80's soundtrack. i imagine john travolta sang some of the songs but in watching the movie it did seem to personify everything that was 80s cheese. clearly movies that rely on mechanical bulls, bartenders and immature relationships were in style. the best was his lousy texas accent. compare that to friday night lights.i suggest watching cocktail and stir crazy to start really getting into the dumbing down of film. also, as a side note made in america with ted danson and whoopie goldberg is an awesomely bad movie. i was so shocked to realize i had never watched it. one more weird movie of this genre would have to include cadilac man with robin williams. just remember all of these big stars played big roles in these cheesy movies.. tom cruise, richard pryor, robin williams and john travolta

this is my favorite all time movie. it used to be my friday night movie with a pizza and bottle of wine when i was single. i first saw this movie with my aunt brend and sister chasity. i was in the 2nd grade. i fell in love with travolta and sissy was my new best friend. i've read a lot of comments about why bud left sissy & how sissy has to "learn to act" married. but let's go back and look at this for a second: spoiler - my interpretation of the movie now, not when i was eight is this about bud & sissy's relationship takes a turn for the worst because she makes a fool of him at gilley's riding the bull. they get in a huge fight. bud tries to make sissy jealous by asking pam to dance. sissy then thinks two wrongs will make a right and wes asks her if "she needs any help". they're all on the dance floor acting like fools when bud asks pam, "when are you going to take me home and rape me?" pam answers: "when ever you're ready cowboy". bud then goes home with pam to her condo in downtown houston. which daddy has bought for her with his oil money and "all that that implies". bud is the one who cheats on sissy. sissy is waiting for bud when he returns home the next day. sissy is the one who leaves bud. then, it's up to bud to prove to sissy that he is a real "cowboy" and win her back. anyways, that's my interpretation. everyone has their i'm sure! i love this movie.and believe it or not, i got myself a real cowboy! i love him too! :)

i grew up in houston and was nine when this movie came out. as a result i don't remember anything about the movie. but i do remember the sensation it caused from gilley's and the mechanical bull to johnny lee's hit song "lookin' for love" which still brings back memories of childhood whenever i hear it.however, a few years ago i saw this movie for the first time as an adult and all i can say is, i was blown away. few movies have hit me harder. this movie is as raw and real as you can get. from uncle bob's ranch house, the chemical plant in texas city, gilley's dance hall, and bud and sissy. and maybe for that reason it doesn't have a wider appeal. but no matter how you feel about country music (i for one can't stand it despite my houston roots) urban cowboy is a unique slice of american pie. for that reason i love it!

i was about 11 years old i found out i live 0.48 miles from the uncle house. the uncle house is on westway dr, deer park, tx. they have added homes since the movie was made. i don't know the house number but you can go look it up. i am now 21 and i enjoy watching this movie. the bar on spencer is no longer their. pasadena isd wants to build a school their. i drove by the house last week the house still looks great. my dad and uncle would go to the street where the house is and watch the actors come in and out of the house trying to make the movie. where john cross over the railroad cracks they have made 225 higher. when i hear about john loesing his son i start thinking about when he made urban cowboy he was 26 or 25 at the time.

does anyone know what kind of pickup john t drove? i looks like a mid to late 70's ford. this movie is my favorite as well as my wife's. it was the first memorable movie we saw as a married couple. the pick up is of interest as it is similar to the first truck i drove and recently found another like it. i would like to restore the pick up i have to resemble the on in the movie. also the music was awesome, and the acting was great. where and what is the lady who portrayed john's aunt? also did john have a stunt double for the scene on the tower when he almost fell? also what year of mustang did debra w drive in this show. it looked like a 60's model. thanks,

this movie has it all, action, fighting, dancing, bull riding, music, pretty girls. this movie is an authenic look at middle america. believe me, i was there in 1980. lots of oil money, lots of women, and lots of honky tonks. too bad they are all gone now. the movie is essentially just another boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy gets girl back, but it is redeemed by the actors and the music. there is absolutely no movie with any better music that this movie, and that includes american graffiti. it is a movie i watch over and over again and never get tired of it. every time i watch it, i am young again, and it is time to go out honky tonking. the only reason i only gave it a 9 is because you cannot rate a movie zero, i do not feel you should rate one 10.

this movie was a classic. i would have to say that this movie caught the best of a working man who learns from his mistakes. if we could all get along and learn the way everyone in this movie did. it had an important part of showing how family is an important part of life, and how pride can cause you to lose something important in life if we can not find a "big throat" and swallow are pride.

while urban cowboy did not ooze with the same testosterone you might find at a rodeo, it did provide an accurate glimpse of that day and age, in urban texas. i also think that to truly critique this movie, one would have to have lived in the time and relative place that it was made. there was good music, fun times and, yes, a few "rough and tumbles" at the honky tonk roadhouses. the relationship of bud and sissy, like "two ships passing in the night", was well conceived. when pam tore up the note that sissy had written to bud, it echoed the tragedy of many true life romances. the entire story was well thought out. i thought the cast and crew did an excellent job. i thought the screen play was well written and directed. scott glenn should have received an oscar for best supporting actor.

i did not see this film in the theater. i confess to an anti-vinnie barbarino bias. who the hell was john travolta to be making movies? i remember the oscar broadcast that year, with travolta looking absolutely devastated when he didn't win. how dare he, when there were "real" actors in the running? i'm sorry john, you should have won. after catching this film on cable years ago, i fell in love with the entire movie. bud, sissy, uncle bob, wes, all wonderfully done. i, also, confess to never passing it by when i channel surf. i have to stop and watch. over the years, i've learned to do most of the dialogue, dance with my thumbs in my waistband, and learned to appreciate travolta more. the only disappointing thing to me was the oversight, on the soundtrack, of some of the music from urban cowboy. "looking for love" defines the film, but urban cowboy was chock full of classics that didn't make it to the soundtrack. it should have been a double cd........

i must say as a girl with a cowboy of my own,i love this flick.it left me lovin them boots and wranglers even more.i told my friend about it and she loved it just as much,we were 'bout 13 at the time.i think it's the greatest love story ever told!i own it and never get tired of bud & sissy.

very few movies have had the impact on american culture the way urban cowboy has. thank god it was temporary. but uc is almost in a class by itself as one of those flicks that when you're flipping channels at 3:00am you just can't take your eyes off....my top three are animal house and walking tall btw but that's beside the point. i remember urban cowboy hit the theaters and overnite there were honkytonks being opened on every corner, men were sporting cowboy hats with their penny loafers, and if you didnt know how to two-step you were considered a social moron! personally i think it's a great movie. travolta really surprised me on the heels of satnitefever. who'd a thunk. he's actually believable too. the soundtrack is awesome. too bad charlene tilton, of tv's dallas fame ruined johnny lee's career cause that guy was just terrific. the show stealer here is scott glenn as the greaser ex-con redneck cowboy. and i ain't got nothing against greaser ex-con cowboys semi-being one myself, but i've always envied what i feel to be the greatest power line of all time...."pack-at s*#t!" sort of like clint's "make my day." and watching him slap sissy around is the closest thing i'll see to my julia roberts fantasy so..... like i said, beautiful. 9/10

********spoilers--careful*********what can i say? i'm biased when it comes to urban cowboy. i love it and have watched it countless times--and usually find out something new about it with each viewing.i think one of the things i like about it is that urban cowboy is about working class people, not rich people who live in either l.a. or new york. well, it is true except for pam.travolta plays bud, a small town texas boy who moves to houston to work in the oil fields. and this is when travolta actually played in good dramatic movies like saturday night fever instead of playing stereotypical bad guys/good guys in big budget movies. this is a really good movie--the mechanical bull riding contest and two-step dancing may be silly, but you have to enjoy this for what it is.bud meets sissy (played by debra winger with slutty brilliance)--and soon after, they are married and living in their dream trailer. but their relationship becomes a real life battle of the sexes. bud wants to be a real cowboy. sissy wants to be with a real cowboy. but in modern times, men's roles are not as clear. where can bud prove he's a real man? he can work his dangerous job by day and ride the mechanical bull by night--he can be a "urban cowboy." but sissy wants to drive his pick-up truck, and she wants to ride the mechanical bull, too. so where does this leave bud? as sissy asserts her independence, she lies about riding the bull and flirts with the ex-con and prison rodeo star--a real bull rider--, wes (played wonderfully greasy by scott glenn). bud is threatened, and bud and sissy break up.sissy shacks up with wes, who abuses her. emasculating himself further, bud becomes the boy toy of pam, a rich girl whose daddy is in oil and all that implies. sissy comes by the trailer to clean it up--pam doesn't do that kind of thing. she writes a make up letter to bud, but evil pam tears it up and takes the credit for sissy's housework.bud's uncle bob dies tragically at work when lightening strikes and causes an explosion. bud and sissy have a chance at reconciliation, but are too stubborn. later the mechanical bull riding competition is at gilley's, and you know bud is going to win. pam realizes that bud doesn't love her, but sissy--he did it for her. wes tries to rob gilleys, but wouldn't you know that urban cowboy, bud, saves the day and wins back the woman he loves.of course, you may ask yourself why bud and sissy would go to gilleys about every night and "live like pigs." maybe that contributed to their bad marriage. or why didn't bud stay with pam--she wasn't that bad and had money. or why they had to kill off uncle bob. or why bud and sissy had such stupid friends like marshall and jessie who were always trying to break them up: marshall says to bud, "she {sissy} rides that bull better than you do!" but part of the fun of urban cowboy is making fun of it a little bit--and saying, isn't that bonnie raitt on the stage!

i just have to say, this is one of my favorite movies of all time. i cannot even count the number of times i've seen it. i was already in love with john travolta, but the first time the camera pans up his body after he's all clean-shaven looking beautiful for his first trip to gilley's, i was in awe. debra winger, as always, delivers a perfect performance as the young, naive wife of bud, but with the necessary attitude to be married to a stubborn and hard-working cowboy. if you're not a country music person, which i wasn't, this is 1 soundtrack that'll have you singing right along with every word. if you get a chance, please see this movie-it won't disappoint.

quick and simple, i love this movie.as some others have mentioned, i also, am not from the south, don't really care for country music and have never worn a cowboy hat. (i've never drove around in a car with a dead body in my trunk either, but i love "goodfellas.") this is just great film making. shot in a 2.35 aspect ratio and beautifully transfered to dvd. (the vhs was 1.33 full screen). and yes, a solid 5.1 mix for your viewing pleasure. what can you say about this movie?it's just a great love/hate story set in texas, with great performances. travolta is fantastic. next to "pulp fiction", it's the best thing he's done. it's been in my top 5 for 25 years!!check this one out!!! it's a 10 !!!!

i am a big fan of the movie, but not for the usual reasons. i think travolta and winger performed at higher than average rates, i think the sets were representative of the location and the era, i liked the sound track and the charlie daniels band. however, i think the photography was amazing! since the interior scenes were filmed in the actual club and gilley's had low ceilings--perhaps 10-12 feet high and the smoke that was supposed to simulate a "smoke-filled bar" hung 2-4 feet below the ceiling. the camera managed to get shots through the smoke and focus on the actors, the bull, the bar, the women, the dancing, the low-level of light that actually was in the bar! what a feat! sure there was auxiliary lighting, but in order to maintain the atmosphere of the bar, it had to be low-light shots. ray villalobos (the camera operator) was outstanding! he got some shots he had no hope of achieving and the impact of them brought a sense of reality to the film. thanks, ray--great work!

#3 in young john travolta's trilogy of blockbusters. he dances to disco, rock 'n' roll and country. he heads to houston to find work and love. gilley's is the hot spot, and it is the time of the mechanical bull. not to be outdone, i rode the bull at a club in nashville. i recently saw this nearly forgotten film on television and remembered how good it was and how good a year 1980 was. i wore a black cowboy hat that year just like travolta. debra winger was in her prime. she looks stunning in her red top. there is plenty of charisma. bud and sissy seem the ideal couple even if they are trailer trash. they split up just because it feels so good getting back together. urban cowboy has an amazing soundtrack. we get to hear lyin' eyes by the eagles and lookin' for love by johnny lee.

an unmarried, twenty-something hick (played by john travolta) leaves the farm and goes to houston, where he learns about life and love in a texas honky-tonk. at face value, it's a modern love story ... texas style. there's gobs of cowboy hats, pickup trucks, neon beer signs, and references to big belt-buckles and rodeos. the music, if not texas native, is texas adapted, courtesy of the talents of mickey gilley, johnny lee, and the charlie daniels band. and that texas twang ... "y'all".the story and the characters are about as subtle as the taste of texas five-alarm chili made with jalapeno peppers. it's enough to make civilized viewers abort the film in favor of a genteel classic, one starring laurence olivier or ingrid bergman, maybe. "hamlet" it's not. but "urban cowboy" is spicy and explicit, and i kinda like it.technically, the film is generally good. the dialogue, the production design, and the costumes are all realistic; the editing is skillful. and both the casting and the acting are commendable, if not oscar worthy. i would not have cast travolta in the role he plays, but he does a fine job ... ditto debra winger. barry corbin and brooke alderson, among others, are good too, in support roles. but, the cinematography seemed weak. the film copy i watched was grainy, and at times suffered from a reddish/orange tint, a visual trait i have noticed in other films from the same time period.at first glance, the film does not seem to offer any social or political "message". but i would argue that when "urban cowboy" was released twenty-five years ago, it had rather prophetic implications. in 1980 the u.s. had all kinds of problems, not the least being american hostages held by iran. in the minds of a lot of folks back then, the u.s. was being pushed around, bullied.this film, along with others of its time, offered something that americans wanted to see in their political leaders ... toughness. "urban cowboy" is a very physical film. the characters in it may not be the brightest people on earth. but, they're tough!everything about "urban cowboy" is anti-intellectual. as a vehicle for cultural expression then, this 1980 film was one of several that augured a new get-tough era for the u.s. it started in 1980 with the election of reagan. and that era continues to this day, with a president who probably will not be remembered for his intellect, but will be remembered for his toughness and aggression, traits that americans seem to gravitate to as surely as texans to five-alarm chili.

this is a great movie that i don't think gets enough credit as saturday night fever or grease in john travolta's career. he plays a man who is in love with a girl but is too pig headed to admit his feelings to her. instead, he wants to engage in mechanical bull riding because he thinks it will show his manhood. even though it was made in 1980, it is still timely today. the great country music soundtrack is terrific. 10/10

i bellied up to the bar expecting this to be a hot beer on a sweltering texas day but was pleasantly surprised. after suffering through "saturday night foolishness" i had no desire to see a re-make in some south texas barnyard....and i didn't. john revolta was good as the jealous redneck, scott glenn was well cast as a thuggie ex-con, and debra winger was, as always, a delight. *love that woman* plus, the soundtrack was dynamite [and this comes from a guy that can't stand the sound of country music]. a fun film all the way.

for urban cowboy john travolta plays one of the stronger alpha males ever portrayed on the big screen. he's a decent enough young kid who leaves his parent's homestead and strikes out for the big city of dallas where his uncle barry corbin has promised to find him work in the petrochemical industry. in 1980 that was beginning to boom and texas was definitely a growing place in the usa.travolta does a good job in making we the audience care about his character who when you come right down to it is a sexist pig. he meets and marries debra winger who's from the same background, but she's got some ideas that women should not be shadows of their men. and when she beats him at gilley's mechanical bull, a man's game, that's it for him.scott glenn who's an ex-convict is working at gilley's and this film was his breakout role. he's a real snake in urban cowboy, he gets travolta's goat with a mere look and he moves in on winger. travolta in turn takes up with rich girl, madolyn smith osborne who's slumming at gilley's. despite the characters, urban cowboy was really one gigantic commercial for the self-styled biggest honky tonk in the world. gilley's is no longer there in the suburban texas community of pasadena, but the memories do live on. and the best thing about urban cowboy is the wonderful score of country/western songs that were featured in the film. i'm not sure if some of the songs were not written specifically for urban cowboy, but it's the only reason i can think of why the motion picture academy ignored the musical aspects of this film. i especially liked johnny lee's looking for love, if it was specifically written for this film, it's a disgrace that it wasn't nominated for best song.i liked debra winger's character best in this film. she doesn't lose a trace of femininity, but she stands up to travolta and does it in style. and this review is dedicated to that yet as unknown woman who will one day be the first woman bull-rider in the professional bull riders.

okay, so i have come a long way from houston by now, but whenever i see this movie, i am taken back to a little cowgirl's dream to one day ride the bull at gilley's. (it burned down before i was of drinking age.)if you grew up in in east texas, then you know this movie is an accurate depiction of contemporary life at that time. if you didn't then trust me and watch the movie. either you will join the many who love it (and at the same time strangely repulsed), or at the very least, you can make fun of the red-necks. (there is plenty material for poking fun.) this movie doesn't try to be p.c. (what was that in the 80's) or hide the white trash element and it is honest to the time and place.gotta be a 10 for me!

first let me say i am not from the south but i am an american. i don't love country music but i can stomach it. i would never wear a cowboy hat but i wear hats. i don't live in a trailer but i do eat tuna salad and own a home. what does that have to do with this comment? a lot if you are one of those people who say only "country" people love this movie. this movie is loosely based on the "they loved and lost" premise. james bridges directs an american love story as real as it gets. in an era of jerry springer and "lets put it out there" mentality, this film rings truer than ever. bud is "coming of age" and embarks on a life of his own with a little help from his aunt and uncle so he moves to the big city with them. bud finds himself drawn into the local honky tonk world for the only escape a blue collar man can afford. he quickly meets sissy who is from a similar background and the two have a whirlwind romance filled with painful ups and downs. (*this plot takes so many turns that one has to just sit for a few minutes before they get hooked. marriage is a focus here that is often missed. early in the film they marry and we view the transition from being single to married. the film highlights some of the modern struggles a woman has when she marries an old fashioned man. it also brings into view the male ego with women and competition.)bud is challenged and is excited when micky's puts in an electronic bull. sissy gets ideas of having fun on it too but is quickly reminded that she is married and need to start "acting like it." the emotion between the two characters is raw and expressive and the plot continues from there especially when they (note this is giving some of the storyline away) split and sissy falls for an ex con with a penchant for abuse and cruelty. she soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side.how anyone can compare bud to vinnie barbirino is shocking to me. john travolta gave an exceptional performance that was worthy recognition. he was believable and real. the scene where he shaves his beard and you first see him at the bar..still gives me goosebumps. mind you i am not a huge travolta fan, but come on, i see why sissy was kicking of her boots so early in the film. deb winger was so real that you found yourself sympathizing with her as she pens a note of emotions to bud, after sneaking in to clean his house during their break up. the supporting cast was incredible. wes played by scott glenn gave a first rate performance that made you hate him and curse him as he abused sissy. madolyn smith-osborne, as buds mistress/girlfriend was so authentic that large chested girls across the u.s. prayed to wake up flat chested to wear the clothes she donned in the film. my biggest kudos's go to barry corbin and brooke anderson as bud's aunt and uncle. they seemed like someone's aunt and uncle somewhere in texas and however small their role, they made the film so much bigger and lifelike. two memorable scenes were the dolly parton contest and the unforgettable scene where bud and his aunt stand outside after one of the characters death. the dialog between them is touching.if you can watch this for what it is, a true american love story. then i recommend that you take it for what it is...a film before it's time that gave us voyeurism into a world unlike our own but real enough for our enjoyment and entertainment. if this world sounds similar to yours then you will enjoy it so much more. lastly, the music however dated, is sure to send you back in time if you are over 30 years of age.

i liked top gun. it held my interest. predictable plot, decent character development and story line. it is pretty similar to high noon in that the town people appear weak and scared to stand up to a villain. this movie has some quality actors who really did not get a chance to share all of their talents. also some of the actors did not receive credit for their roles. denver pyle was a good looking man in his younger days. john dehner, rod taylor are outstanding in their roles. sterling hayden did the best that he could with poor material. it is hard to imagine him as a gunslinger. laura, played by karen booth, was a nauseating character. she seemed flattered that two men may have been fighting over her. ugh. finally, how can people travel without luggage? especially women.

this movie was just as good as some of the other westerns made by anthony mann and james stewart like winchester '73 and the naked spur, and much better than thunder bay and bend of the river. this film starts out like a run of the mill western but gets more complex as it goes along. it starts out with jimmy stewart and walter brennan arriving in seattle and stewart is charged with murder. he is found innocent but is cattle is stolen by a corrupt judge. stewart then agrees to lead something but i forget what it is but stewart only cares about getting his cattle back. as the movie goes along it's like stewart only cares about himself just like his character in the naked spur. it gets much better at the halfway point after they arrive in alaska. this is one of stewart's better westerns.

the year is 1896.jeff webster (james stewart) doesn't like people.there's only one friend he's got and he's ben tatum (walter brennan), an old sympathetic man.they're driving a cattle herd with them.that would be their key to richness.in skagway they run into trouble when sheriff gannon (john mcintire) takes the cattle.now jeff only has to get it back and drive it through the u.s. canadian border to dawson.now they have a group of other people with them, like the ladies ronda castle (ruth roman) and renee vallon (corinne calvet).there the two men get into the gold business.anthony mann's and james stewart's fourth collaboration, the far country (1954) is a fine western, indeed.the acting work is superb.walter brennan makes a terrific sidekick to stewart.ruth roman is brilliant and corinne calvet's delightful.jay c. flippen is very good as dawson marshal rube morris.the great jack elam and kathleen freeman are seen in smaller roles.it's fantastic to watch how jimmy stewart overcome's all the troubles in his way.there's just the man and his rifle.but also he's vulnerable.

this is such a fantastic movie, a western about a self-concerned man (jimmy stewart) going up to the klondike for gold. on the way, he gets hassled by a local sheriff in alaska (john mcintire, giving a wonderfully evil performance), whom he hassles back. mcintire threatens that he'll be a dead man if he ever comes back through his town, which is, unfortunately, the only way back to the states. the main chunk of the story is about the peaceful klondike town of dawson being turned upside down by new residents from mcintire's town. ruth roman, for instance, who has come with stewart and his two companions (jay c. flippen and walter brennen, who plays stewart's best friend), builds a saloon (a hollywood front for a whorehouse) and tries to run the town's restaurant and hang-out place out of business. she paves the way for mcintire and his goons to come up, too. in 1953, jimmy stewart and director anthony mann made one of the peaks of the western genre, the naked spur. the far country is just the tiniest bit less, and it contains 99.9% of what made that film so special without, of course, feeling like a cheap copy. like the naked spur, the far country boasts beautiful, on-location cinematography. the landscape is gorgeous. stewart gives one of his best performances (nearly equal to his biggest success of 1954, rear window). i suppose it could be considered cliche, as he starts out a selfish loner and learns how that kind of existence plays out in the end. still, stewart plays it so damn well, he makes this character very human. and the supporting performances are universally fantastic. in addition to those i've mentioned, the adorable french actress corinne calvet is very good. and i ought to single out walter brennen, as well. he seems to have specialized in playing best friends. his relationship with stewart is very touching, since he is, at first, the only character who is able to bring out any humanity in the cynical man. the screenplay is very well written, and mann's direction is impeccable. a masterpiece. 10/10.

the fourth of five westerns anthony mann did with james stewart, this one involves a hard bitten cattleman named jeff webster who takes a cattle drive from wyoming to alaska, via seattle. he hooks up in seattle with his partners ben tatum (walter brennan) and rube morris (jay c. flippen) that he has sent ahead of time in order to make preparations for the boat trip, north.but first, he has to put up with insubordinate trail hands, cheating riverboat captains and the charms of coy, manipulative ronda castle (ruth roman) who believes jeff could be a valuable ally in the future. that's why she hides him out on the boat while the captain's looking for him for the earlier (and justifiable) killing of a trail hand.jeff also has the misfortune of running into sleazy judge gannon (john mcintire) who runs the town of skagway, alaska. gannon locks jeff up for disrupting his public hanging by running his cattle through town. he fines jeff the ownership of his cattle and jeff just has to eat crow for the time being. in the meantime, jeff agrees to ride point for ronda up to dawson in order to deliver supplies. but this is just a ruse so jeff, ben and rube can slip back into skagway and steal his cattle back. of course judge gannon finds out about this and is right behind but is delayed by jeff with a rifle while ben races the cattle over the canadian border out of gannon's reach.after avoiding an avalanche and another shootout with some other skagway men, they finally reach dawson where jeff sells his cattle to the highest bidder, which just happens to be ronda who then promptly sets up a new gambling house in dawson. jeff then takes his money and buys himself a claim and starts panning for gold. but then judge gannon comes up to dawson to get in on the gold action up there, and tells jeff that he was getting a little bored with skagway and wants to try his luck up in the klondike, himself. that involves bring some hired gunman with him and forcibly stealing some of the other miner's claims. jeff and ben now feel it's time to clear out while the goings are good, leaving rube to fend for himself as a most ineffective sheriff against gannon and his gang.they look for a back way out only to find themselves ambushed by gannon's men because ben made the mistake of opening his big mouth. ben is killed and jeff is severely wounded but that doesn't save judge gannon from his just due. the ending shootout at night on the muddy dawson street pretty much takes care of that. first jeff kills two of gannon's best gunman (jack elam and robert wilkie). then as ronda comes out to warn jeff that gannon is trying to slip around behind him, gannon shoots her in the back and she dies right there in jeff's arms. then jeff kills gannon as he's hiding under a wooden sidewalk. revenge has spoken.this is another rip-roaring western that's right up there with the naked spur and the man from laramie. why the universal dvd uses a pan-and-scan print instead of the widescreen print tcm uses, is beyond me. you'll wind up missing half the glorious alberta cinematography by william daniels. so if you like well-written 50s westerns, then this one's an a-list keeper. 8 out of 10

now, admittedly, i'm no ardent student of the genre. as a matter of fact, i've tended always to shy away from westerns because, in spite of all their critical cachet as america's primal stories (or whatever), they seem to me to forever devolve into tiresome retreads of either "shoot up the injuns," "the big gunfight," or "hey, let's form a posse!" in other words, it always seemed to me a genre so rooted in and tied to convention, that it left precious little room for surprise or originality. (and yes, i have seen at least some of the so-called "greats", and unapologetically lump them into this negative assessment - including stagecoach, rio bravo, my darling clementine, and of course the infamous [but profoundly dull] clint eastwood-sergio leone teamups in the '60s.)but when i saw this movie on tv - as part of a commemorative jimmy stewart weekend upon his death - i finally got it: i understood, at least in theory, what the western mythos has to offer as a serious thematic preoccupation (aside from just action and thrills). it is the push-pull between lawlessness and order; the american west represented freedom, but also the prospect of the wild, the untamed. respectable folk could get hurt out there. which, of course, meant that perhaps - just perhaps - it wasn't meant for respectable folk, and that the only residents should be the amoral and the shifty, those who dispensed justice strictly from the barrel of their revolvers, and where kill or be killed would ever be the law of the land. in such an environment, of course, the true heroes are the ones who are ornery and free-spirited enough to be out there in the first place (and so reject "society," at least as it manifested itself on the eastern seaboard), and yet have enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear just is not right. catching and examining that disparity between law and disorder in the main character himself is, i believe (after seeing this movie), the highest and truest goal of any western. sadly, it is so often not the case, as the white hats are completely white, the black ones completely black (and let's not even get started talking about the indians, ok) and there is precious little shades of gray in between.not in this one. jimmy stewart plays a blatant fortune hunter who follows the trail of miners before him into the alaskan wilderness to prospect for gold. he is joined in this by his lifelong buddy, played by walter brennan (perhaps the western cliché character to end them all - but nevertheless enjoyable here, as always) - and no one else. pointedly, they are out for themselves, and while stewart displays his patented charm (come on, we could never really dislike the guy, now could we?), we are left with little doubt that his is basically a self-centered, self-interested character: none of his "gosh" or "oh golly gee" humanism is allowed to come through. or, rather, it has to be earned, by the end of the picture, in the way i described above. he must confront the lawlessness in himself, and weigh it against the need for order and justice which are so blatantly lacking in the border town which serves as the miners' starting point on their gold dust trail. this town is ruled tightly by its wicked sheriff, mr. gannon, played by john mcintire in one of the best "bad guy" performances i've ever seen. he comes on with so much charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting rapport with stewart, that it actually takes awhile to recognize that he *is* the bad guy - so that when it finally sinks in, it does so with double force. further, by establishing a type of breezy (if necessarily guarded) camaraderie between mcintire and stewart, the film plays up the notion of how close in temperament they really are - and so how far a moral distance stewart must walk by the end of the film.i won't go through all the twists and turns the plot takes - see those for yourself (as well as the rugged and gorgeous alaskan scenery - filmed on location, mind you, not cheap painted stills that the studio made up). what's key here is how much this story focuses upon character, with great dialogue and character interaction substituting for gunplay much of the time - although the film has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from ever being static (read: "talky"). definitely one of the greatest performances i've seen from stewart, showing he could play the renegade, the "man's man" just as convincingly as the decent and upright guy next door. if anything, in fact, his "everyman" qualities lend greater strength to his characterization, making him seem less mythic or overblown - -like, say, eastwood or john wayne - and more a three-dimensional personage. his relationship with brennan is well-played: understated, but nevertheless touching (with a faint suggestion of george and lenny from "of mice and men" - an altogether different type of "western").i certainly have more westerns to see, but this is for now my favorite, and the yardstick by which i will necessarily judge all the others. it deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.

after losing his cattle herd to a dishonest lawman, a trail boss winds up in the yukon gold fields with a bad reputation and small chances of being able to return to the states. while there his fortunes take a turn for the best until a bad luck specter from the past comes calling. good western with many favorite old faces in the lineup.

(contains slight spoilers)it's interesting how anthony mann uses james stewart here. stewart is, of course, remembered by many as george bailey from frank capra's "it's a wonderful life", so it's easy to find parallels between the two films. in "it's a wonderful life", bailey gets to see the world as it would have been if he had never been born. in "the far country", stewart's jeff webster, by not getting involved to help anyone else (except himself), gets to see essentially the same thing: a world in which he (for all practical matters) doesn't exist.by not getting involved (and by attempting not to care about anyone), webster is forced to see those for whom he can't help but care get hurt, pushed around, and even killed while he stands by and does nothing. this reminds the viewer of george bailey watching a world that has turned upside-down because he has also decided not to get involved by not ever having been born. both movies end with the same image - a close-up of a ringing bell. stewart, by turning around his philosophy of non-involvement, has, it would seem, earned his "wings".

my comment would have been added to the release date section, but i couldn't find a place for it. i was really surprised to see that this movie was released in the u.s. in feb., 1955. i saw it in a "first run" theater in washington, d.c. in march, 1958. wonder if it was re-released, or some problem? in my opinion, this movie is very light entertainment, but has some classic characters. john mcintyre does a bang-up job as a corrupt judge/entrepreneur/thief. walter brennan does basically the same role he did in red river years earlier. and, in my opinion, james stewart gives as fine a performance as he ever did. i have seen this movie a half dozen times or more, and never tire of seeing parts of it again. the photography and scenery are splendid, and it offers a remarkable amount of entertainment in one hour and thirty-six minutes.

cowboys james stewart and walter brennan take their herd from seattle to alaska and on into canada to stake a claim. once there, they have to contend with seductive, shifty businesswoman ruth roman and ice-cold, happy-go-lucky villain james mcintire.john wayne may get talked about more, but his good pal stewart made some excellent, hard-edged westerns too, some with the great director anthony mann. frankly, i'd take this, with it's sturdy action sequences and fine melodrama, over north to alaska any day!the far country features some breathtaking scenery and cinematography that should definitely have been shot in widescreen.also, there's some strong support by the always reliable brennan, roman (who's great), the incredibly cute corrine calvet, and james mcintire, who plays one of my favorite types of bad guy, the kind that doesn't take himself too seriously.this would make a great double-bill with another highly recommended mann/stewart northwest-set western, bend of the river.

as i drove from skagway, alaska to dawson city,yukon a couple of years ago and was impressed with the scenery, i cannot help but wish that this film even though it has beautiful color and scenic views would have been shot in the actual location. jasper in the canadian rockies is a magnificent place, but still not the real place where the film takes place. when the story moves to dawson, that is when i feel anthony mann, who used the outdoor locations so well, could have made the most if he filmed in the actual place. james stewart here is again a man fighting within himself, one side of him does not want to get involved and help people who stand in the way of him making money, and the other side just is not able to look away from people being murdered. ruth roman is the ambitious woman who does not care on whom she steps, corinne calvet is the nice girl. mann is excellent directing the shootouts, but the high point of the film is how well he does in the outdoor scenes. he uses the outdoors as much as he can and he is helped by the winter scenery, the predominating white, like it was with the greens in "the naked spur" and the browns in "the man from laramie". like all of the mann-stewarts, this is a traditional western, with a difference in the elaboration of stewart's character which is more complex.

classic drama/action western with incredible cinematography that is well ahead of it's time(1954). the production is very good and you can tell that it was done with pride and love.unique peek into the american northt west pioneers is very educational and entertaining.this movie is very under rated because most people do not like to see the reality that many "lawmen" during this particular time and place were very crooked/corrupt much like most developing countries today.the action sequences could have been more realistic though but still,this movie really covers most of the essentials.not for an audience who wants only pure testoterone type westerns for this movie is more for those who have a sense of history and philosophy.......

a good film with--for its time--an intense, sprawling, rather dark story somewhat reminiscent of john ford's "the searchers" though not so brutal. the story starts fast and doesn't let up, with several scenes of really good dialog between (stewart's) jeff webster, ronda castle and sheriff gannon. this film is in some ways reminiscent of "bend of the river" (1952), also a mann-stewart work, but i found it far less sentimental and more interesting. there are a few caveats: a too-quickly wrapped up (and rather sentimental) ending; 24-year-old corrine calvert is not very convincing as a naive french teenager, and of course the film takes place in the mythic west, a land of fable where the real laws of nations and physics don't apply. but these are trivial concerns. james stewart is surprisingly good as a dark, disengaged man who thinks he cares for no one but himself, and the mountain scenery can't be beat. a fine western costume drama.

another very good mann flick thanks to the father/son combination of walter brennan and jimmy stewart. brennan (ben tatum) is often the comedic conscience of either stewart or wayne (red river/ rio bravo). he's there to see that the younger man takes the ride fork or bend. "you're wrong mr. dunston". jeff webster(stewart) gives off the impression he cares only for himself but it is clear he cannot desert brennan. john mcintire is excellent as the law of skagway with due respect for the trappings of justice over the reality of it. another key theme is helping people and in turn being helped by people. the loner can do neither and suffers for it.the caption above plays on tatum's assertion that he can't live without his coffee. this nicotine addiction proves fatal. probably the first and last time on the screen.i recommend this film and now own the dvd.

anthony mann's westerns with jimmy stewart are slowly gaining for that director a position with john ford and howard hawks as the best film director in that genre. he certainly knows how to give dimension to nice guy stewart - in mann's films there is an edge to jimmy that is slowly demonstrated to the audience. in winchester '73 it was the relationship of stewart to his brother and how it twists him into a figure of vengeance. here it is a "i trust only myself" attitude, which leads to one complication after another. even before the film properly begins he (as jeff webster) kills two of his hired cowboys who were helping on a cattle drive to seattle because of some dispute (we never are clear about it - either they wanted to leave the cattle drive, or they tried to steal the cattle). he meets his match in skagway, the port he has to get to in order to take his herd to dawson. skagway's boss is a so-called law man named gannon (john mcintyre) who reminds one of the real boss of skagway in the "gold rush" jefferson "soapy" smith and judge roy bean. the problem is that neither smith nor bean would have gotten quite as sleazy as gannon in turning every opportunity into a chance to make some money. stewart's herd interrupted a public hanging - so (as a penalty fine) the herd is confiscated (to be sold later for gannon's profit). stewart is partner with ben (walter brennan - who oddly enough won his last oscar playing judge roy bean). they are also joined by rube morris (jay c. flippen) and also meet two women, the sophisticated rhonda castle (ruth roman) and the friendly and helpful renee vallon (corinne calvert). rhonda works closely with gannon, but had helped jeff earlier in fleeing the authorities in seattle. however, she has a similar "i only trust myself" attitude to jeff. she does offer him employment to get supplies for herself to dawson. he, ben, and rube go but at night (while the others are asleep) they go back and steal back their cattle. renee follows and warns them that gannon and his associates are following. jeff holds off gannon long enough for the cattle herd to be brought over the canadian border, although gannon points out that since jeff has to return by way of skagway gannon can wait until he does to hang him.the reunited party of rhonda and jeff split over the trail to take to dawson, jeff opting for a longer and safer route. after he is proved right, they go by his route and reach dawson only to find there is a lawless element threatening the community due to the gold fields. the herd is sold to rhonda, and jeff, ben, rube, and renee start prospecting. there is soon two groups in the town of dawson. one led by connie gilchrist and chubby johnson want to build a decent town. but the mounties won't be setting up a station in dawson for months. the other, centering around the "dancehall" run by rhonda, are in cahoots with gannon who has a vast claim jumping scheme using his gang of gunslingers (robert j. wilke - really scary in one sequence with chubby johnson and jay c. flippen, jack elam, and harry morgan). jeff wishes to steer clear of both, and head with his new wealth and ben for a ranch they want in utah. but will they get there? and will jeff remain neutral?the performances are dandy here, including stewart as a man who is willing to face all comers, but would otherwise be peaceful enough. brennan is playing one of his patented old codgers, whose love of good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. flippen is a drunk at first, but tragedy and responsibility shake him into a better frame of mind - and one who has a chance to verbally stab stewart in the heart using stewart's own words against him. mcintyre would achieve stardom on television in wagon train replacing ward bond, but his work in mann's films show his abilities as a villain (such as his trade post opportunist who outsmarts himself in winchester '73). he is, as is said elsewhere on this thread, really sleazy - but he has a sense of humor. roman is an interesting blend of opportunist and human being, whose fate is determined by her better feelings. and calvert is both a voice of conscience and a frontier "gigi" aware that she is more than a young girl but a budding woman.best of all is the canadian rockies background - as wonderful in its way as the use of monument valley by john ford. mann certainly did a first rate job directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.

this is mostly a story about the growing relationship between jeff webster(jimmy stewart) and ronda castle(ruth roman). she takes an instant liking to jeff in a brief encounter on the deck of the steamer to skagway, and a longer look when he hides in her cabin while authorities seek him on a charge of murder. they find out they have some things in common besides an animal attraction. neither trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both have been married to spouses who cheated on them. gradually, they learn to trust each other, as they journey from skagway to dawson. but ronda clearly has close dealings with corrupt sheriff gannon and engages in some shady practices in her castle saloon in skagway. she eventually has to decide between gannon and jeff. meanwhile, rene, a young naive french woman also takes an immediate liking to jeff, but only gets insulting brush offs in return. yet, she sticks with him in his travels from skagway to dawson and his activities around dawson. along with ronda, she nurses him back to health after jeff is left for dead by gannon's gunslingers at his gold claim. walter brennan, as ben, serves as jeff's long time sidekick. he doesn't have a meaty role, but serves to soften jeff's hard edges. his demise symbolically opens the door for a woman companion replacement for jeff.john mcintire(as sheriff gannon) makes probably the most charismatic evil town boss you will ever see on film, oozing charm and humor to go along with his bullying. evidently, he sees something of himself in jeff, repeatedly declaring that he's going to like him. he makes a believable incarnation of the infamous soapy smith, who spent his last years in skagway, as one of the premier con men of his times.jeff is the quintessential antihero, a loner(except for companion ben), who doesn't want to stick his neck out for others, even when he knows he is the one right man for the job. in this respect, he closely resemble's burt lancaster's character in "vera cruz", for example. thus, jeff not only turns down the job of marshall of dawson, he is convinced to leave dawson after gannon's gang move in with clear intentions of taking over everyone's insufficiently legal gold claims, while disposing of some miners and suggesting that the rest make a hurried exit from dawson. even ronda suggests that she and jeff make a hurried exit from dawson while they are still alive. then, jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently still nursing desire for revenge for the shooting of ben and himself. he changes from anti-hero to hero in leading the expulsion of gannon's gang from dawson. in this respect, he differs from lancaster's character, who never reforms(but is jeff truly changed, or just handing out revenge for wrongs committed against his own interests?)the main problem i see with the plot is the 2 principle women. clearly, ronda is groomed as the right woman to tame jeff. although she is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, jeff has a checkered recent past himself, having shot at least 5 men in the us or yukon, and having stolen his cattle back from gannon. ironically, soon after jeff changes from anti-hero to hero, rhonda makes a similar change in running into the street to warn jeff of gannon's impending ambush. she dies as a result and jeff asks her why she didn't just look out for herself(his supposedly just abandoned creed!).it's clear that corine calvert, as renee, just doesn't make a credible substitute for the dead ronda, in jeff's mind. yet, the apparent implication of the parting scene is that they get together, even though jeff never visibly gives her a kiss or hug. her image as a good, if naive, young woman is somewhat compromised by her job in rhonda's saloon of bumping miners weighting their gold dust, pushing the spilled dust on the floor and recovering it later. i'm also very unclear about her relationship with rube morris, a middle aged miner who followers her around and works a claim with her.(he's not her father).another problem is the amateurish handling of the gun fight between jeff and gannon's gang. if gannon had any skill at all with a pistol, he should have killed or seriously wounded jeff under that boardwalk, before jeff did the same to him. and how did jeff's badly shot up right hand suddenly become well enough to shoot a pistol with apparent ease? i also wonder what jeff and friends did to help save the avalanche victims. they were much too far away to pull them out alive from under the snow. and why weren't most of ronda's pack horses and mules also buried by the avalanche?you will see a host of probably nameless but familiar faces among the miners and gannon's gang. the sequences shot in the canadian rockies provide a breathtaking backdrop to the action. all-in-all, a very entertaining western, with most of the major flaws concentrated at the end. no doubt, this film takes some great liberties with history and geography, especially, the part taking place in the canadian yukon, which was in fact much tamer than the us skagway.

the penultimate collaboration between director anthony mann and star james stewart (excluding the few days mann worked on night passage before parting company with the star under less than amicable circumstances), the far country belies its mainstream look to offer another portrait of an embittered man dragged unwillingly to his own redemption, fighting it every step of the way. this time he's a cattle driver whose response to labour problems - challenging troublesome cowhands to a gunfight at the end of the trail - results in his cattle being confiscated by john mcintire's larcenous judge of the roy bean school of law and order. stealing them back and taking them across the canadian border, he soon finds himself unwillingly drawn into the growing conflict between prospectors and the judge as he cheats or kills them out of their claims...while it's no great surprise which way stewart turns at the end, he's a surprisingly callous critter along the way, even using his desire to just be left alone to excuse not warning a group of prospectors of an impending avalanche when he has the chance because it's not his problem. for most of the film there's really only a hair's breadth between him and mcintire, something the judge recognises immediately, revelling in the company of a kindred spirit even as he's genially planning to lynch him. in many ways the townspeople who put their faith in him probably recognise it too - despite their appeals to his dead-and-buried better nature, there's an unspoken acknowledgement that the only person who can stand up to the judge is someone almost as bad as he is.as usual with mann there's an exceptional use of high country locations, though for once the final showdown takes place on level ground, and the film is almost perfectly cast with strong support from walter brennan, harry morgan and ruth roman (though corinne calvert's young romantic interest veers to the irritating). sadly the great cinematography of the canadian rockies is done few favours by a distinctly average dvd transfer, with only the theatrical trailer as an extra.

colorful western.wyoming cowboy james stewart moseys on up to the yukon territory to dig for gold, sell his steers, and try to get a date with pretty saloon-owner ruth roman if he can shake the tail of crooked sheriff john mcintire who wants stewart's cattle. beautiful cinematography in a collaborative effort by william fritzsche and bill daniels. good technicolor adventure from universal-international, directed by anthony mann.also starring corinne calvet, connie gilchrist, and walter brennan as stewart's sidekick.

this first-rate western tale of the gold rush brings great excitement, romance, and james stewart to the screen. "the far country" is the only one out of all five stewart-mann westerns that is often overlooked. stewart, yet again, puts a new look on the ever-present personalities he had in the five stewart-mann westerns. jeff webster (stewart) is uncaring, always looking out for himself, which is why he is so surprised when people are nice and kindly to him. ironically, he does wear a bell on his saddle that he will not ride without. this displays that he might just care for one person- his sidekick, ben tatum, played by walter brennan, since tatum is the one that gave it to him. mann, yet again, puts a new look on the ever present personalities he put into the five stewart-mann westerns. he displays violence, excitement, plot twists, romance, and corruption. the story is that jeff and ben, through a series of events, wind up in the get rich quick town of dawson, along with gold partners calvet and flippen, and no-good but beautiful roman and her hired men. they are unable to leave, because crooked sheriff mr. gannon (mcintire) and his "deputies" will hang them, since the only way out is through skagway, which is gannon's town. but, eventually, mcintire comes to them, but not to collect stewart and/or his fine that he supposedly owes to the government. what is mcintire there for? he is there to cheat miners out of their claims and money. people are killed. a sheriff for dawson is considered needed, and calvet elects stewart because he is good with a gun. stewart, however, refuses the job, because he plans to get all the gold he can, and then pull out. he also refuses it because he does not like to help people, since law and order always gets somebody killed. so, flippen is elected instead. a miner is killed because he tries to stand up to one of gannon's men, a purely evil, mustachioed fancy gunman named madden, who carries two guns, played by wilke. flippen attempts to arrest madden and see that justice be done, but he cannot stand up to him, so he becomes the town drunk. a man named yukon replaces flippen. stewart and tatum start to pull out, but are ambushed by gannon's men. tatum is killed, and stewart is wounded. stewart finally realizes that he must do something, or gannon will take over dawson, set up his own rules, and it will become his town, just like skagway. the audience also realizes what stewart must do. another thing that the audience realizes is that stewart is the only thing that stands between the townspeople and gannon. if stewart leaves, gannon would take over the town. if stewart stays and keeps on not doing anything about it, the townspeople will be killed one by one mercilessly and uselessly. this is where a great scene occurs. stewart walks into his cabin. he has a sling on his arm. for a few seconds, his gun, in the gunbelt, is hanging on a post beside his bed, the gun is close up, stewart is in the background, just inside the door. he stares at it for a few seconds. he tosses the sling away. the sling lands on the back of a chair, and falls to the floor. this is symbolic, because he is throwing away his old life, which consisted of not caring about anybody but himself. he comes into his new life, of helping people when they need help. what ends the film is a guns-blazing, furious show of good against evil, and a genuinely feel-good feeling that everything will be alright.

cunningly interesting western from a director who had few peers in the genre. much like other anthony mann pictures, the far country blends a potent pot boiling story with an adroit knowing of impacting scenery. both of which play out amongst some of mann's peccadilloes like honour, integrity, betrayal and of course, death! the story sees fortune hunting partners jeff webster {james stewart} and ben tatum {walter brennan} travel to oregon territory with a herd of cattle. aware of the blossoming gold-boom, they plan to make a tidy profit selling the cattle in a klondike town. arriving in skagway they find self-appointed judge mr. gannon {john mcintire} ready to meet out justice to webster on account of webster having fractured the law, all be it with honest cause, along the way. in punishment gannon takes the partners herd from them, but they steal them back and head across the canadian border to dawson-with gannon and his men in hot pursuit. here beautiful women and a meek and lawless town will fill out the destinies of all involved.interesting from start to finish, the far country benefits greatly from james stewart's bubbling {anti} hero in waiting portrayal and mann's slick direction of the tight borden chase script. the cinematography from william h. daniels is superlative, tho not done any favours by current dvd prints, and the film has a few surprises and a "will he wont he?" core reeling the viewers in. paying dividends on re-watches for hardened genre fans, it still remains something of an essential viewing for first timers venturing into the wonderful, yet dark, western world of anthony mann and james stewart. 8/10

jimmy stewart and anthony mann teamed to do some of the best westerns ever made and this is one of the best.the real star of the film however is the spectacular canadian rockies that serve as a backdrop for the story. some of the best cinematography ever done in the history of film.in all five of the westerns that stewart and mann did together the supporting roles were perfectly cast. no exception here, right down to parts that might only have a few lines, the characters are firmly etched with those lines.stewart is a cynical hard-bitten loner in this film whose only real friend is his sidekick walter brennan. it's brennan's death at the hands of the villains that makes him want to finally free the gold settlement from the bad guys and incidentally redeem himself in the process.john mcintire is the head villain of the piece and he was an under-appreciated actor with a vast range. he could play delightful old codgers, authority figures and in this case a particularly nasty and crafty villain. one of the best westerns ever.

stewart is a wyoming cattleman who dreams to make enough money to buy a small ranch in utah ranch… his only real companion is his sidekick ben tatum, the great walter brennan… to accomplish that, they drive the cattle clear to alaska and on to dawson, in canadian territory, where they sell them...along the way they meet the man who runs the gold-crazy town behind a dishonest lawman john mcintire... he attempts to steal them the herd... later, in dawson, mcintire and his gang reappear, this time interfering with stewart's gold claim... captured by mann's camera in the wonderful scenery of the canadian rockies, stewart is a thoughtful loner forced into violence by his need to get rid of the treacherous actions of a corrupt entrepreneur robbing local miners of their claims…in this entertaining, beautiful western, stewart has two leading ladies to struggle with: ruth roman, a bit too valuable to describe as a sexy woman resisting the worst vicissitudes of the territory and the more docile, the french canadian girl corinne calvet who does create a nice portrait of a likable girl with the ability to form a judgment... in spontaneous manner, stewart is lost between the ostentatious saloon owner and the wife-candidate...

the story of peace-loving farmers and townspeople fighting for land, water, law and order, and the respect and ultimate subjugation of the long entrenched cattle interests and their hired guns had been worked over better in earlier (shane) and probably later films as well. there's some good action scenes and the general layout of the story, excluding a disappointing ending, is well executed. law and order and religion have established roots in the town, but the old order of cattle drives, cowboys, and gunslingers is still around as well. the clash of the two occurs in a nicely staged ambush scene where the townsmen ride right into a trap. granger, an ex-gunfighter, plays the guy who is shunned by the very townspeople who need his expertise with a gun.

the gang of roses. "every rose has its thorns."a mix of old western and hip hop, blended perfectly together. the clothing styles, the scenery, and the plot are all suited to what the director wanted. plot - in five years, they robbed twenty-seven banks and then vanished without a trace. now, a small western town is under siege, and one of the first victims is rachel's sister. the rose gang is ready to ride again. and this time it's personal.rachel (michael calhoun), chastity (lil' kim), maria (lisaraye), zang li (marie matiko) and kim (stacey dash), five gunslinging women who split up after five years of riding together. when rachel's sister is killed, she ends up rounding up her friends once again and riding on a trail of vengeance. a good, muck around version of western. (if you've seen bad girls, well this is a little bit better in the ways of the female characters).i gave it 10/10 because the characters, plot and scenery made it for me.

i think a great many viewers missed entirely the fact that this is obviously a parody of western films.this is not a bad movie - it is a clever tongue in cheek take on westerns. i don't believe this film was taking itself seriously for a moment.what makes this film even more unique is the fact it is centered around 4 strong, beautiful women, two of which are black, one asian, and a mexican/hispanic character.these aren't your usual western women--they're tough--they can draw fast and shoot straight.they're so tough even the bartender is shaking when he pours their whiskey.the plot which moves this story along is typical of westerns--in the vein of "you shot my brother--so i'm gonna get you!" only in this western, a woman's sister has been shot and she's out for vengeance on the gang who did it.so she goes and rounds up her old cronies from her bank robbing days.one of them, maria, is not really all that interested in avenging rachel's sister, but she is motived by the fact there's gold and jewelry hidden in the town where they're headed.there are a couple of scenes that don't quite make sense, not that they interfere that much, they can be ignored, but i wondered why they were there. so the film could use a little tightening, but over all, this is a well made film that has failed to find an audience that recognized what it is.my only disappointment was that the only lesbian in the film is a villain--of the "heroines", one is obviously straight, the others sexual orientations are never disclosed.7 stars

winchester '73 was the film that moved mann from the b-movies to the big league, rescuing james stewart's floundering post-war career in the process by casting him as a conflicted hero (although since he inherited the project from fritz lang, maybe lang deserves the credit for that). both men would go to much darker places - mann with the remarkably bleak devil's doorway, which remained shelved by mgm until the success of broken arrow convinced them to release it – but a movie about a man hunting down his own brother as the rifle of the title is handed from person to person along the trail before it ends up in one of the director's beloved mountainside shootouts is still stronger meat than you'd expect from the studio system. great dialogue, an impressive supporting cast – dan duryea, will geer, millard mitchell, stephen mcnally, shelley winters, charles drake, tim mcintire, jay c. flippen, tony curtis, rock hudson among them – and mann's outstanding visual sense raise the bar with this one.

this is a story of the winchester rifle model 1873 "the gun that won the west" to cowman, outlaw, peace officer or soldier, the winchester 73 was a treasured possession. an indian would sell his soul to own one...winchester 73 is the first collaboration between director anthony mann and actor james stewart, a duo that would go on to create a run of superior westerns that added a new, psychological depth to the genre. the story sees stewart as lin mcadam pursuing the man who killed his father. riding into dodge city with his trusty friend, johnny williams {millard mitchell}, lin runs into dutch henry brown {stephen mcnally}, the man he wants. but with wyatt earp {will geer} having taken all the guns from those entering the town, both men are unable to have the shoot-out that they are ready for. the men instead square up in a competition to win a winchester 73 rifle, a competition that lin eventually wins. but before he can leave town with the magnificent prize, dutch ambushes him, steals the rifle and skips town fast. as lin sets off in hate filled pursuit of both man and rifle, the rifle will changed hands a number of times, with each time adding another dimension as the day of reckoning for all approaches.very much a benchmark for what became known as the so-called "psychological western", winchester 73 is basically a story of a decent man driven to borderline insanity by an event in his past. tho shot in black and white {the only one of the duos westerns that was} the landscapes are still breathtaking feasts for the eyes. the tone is set with the opening scene as lin and johnny on horseback, and in silhouette, amble over a hillside as they make their way to dodge city. it's just the starting point that would see mann use his vistas as a way of running concurrent with his characters emotional states.stewart gives one of his finest and most intense performances as mcadam, proving once and for all that he was one of americas finest and most versatile actors. the support cast isn't too bad either. shelley winters is excellent as the sole female in amongst the machismo, while mitchell, mcnally, geer and the always great dan duryea add further class to proceedings. there's even bit parts for tony curtis and rock hudson in here, tho the latter playing an indian brave is a stretch too far.originally the film was a project for fritz lang, who even had the script ready to run. but lang walked away from it, something that proved to be a blessing for western fans. for as great as a director that lang was, with mann directing {and with a new script from borden chase & robert richards in hands} it set the wheels in motion to alter the course of the genre. not only with the further efforts that mann & stewart produced, but also in who they influenced. the likes of budd boetticher, nicholas ray and sam fuller were all taking notes, and gleefully for the western purists, they followed suit and carried the psychological torch still further.a big hit at the box office back on release, winchester 73 is a magnificent film that still packs a punch in the modern age. 9.5/10

a very enjoyable film that features characters who do bad things and who let emotions like anger and a desire for vengeance bubble over. the cast is very good, there's plenty of action, and stewart gets the girl and his revenge (with a twist) in the end. i've seen this film several times, and always watch when it's on amc or cable. highly recommended...

"winchester '73" marked the first of a series of westerns involving james stewart and director anthony mann. as in most of them stewart's hero has an violent edge that threatens to explode at any time. the title refers to a "one in a thousand" rifle that is up for competition at a rifle shoot held in dodge city on july 4, 1876. into town comes lin mcadam (stewart) and his sidekick high spade (millard mitchell) who are on the trail of dutch henry brown (stephen mcnally) for a past dastardly deed. they arrive just in time to see marshal wyatt earp (will geer) running saloon girl lola (shelley winters) out of town. it turns out that dutch henry is also in town for the rifle shoot. lin and dutch henry shoot it out for the coveted prize with lin winning but dutch henry robs lin of the gun and escapes. lin and high spade trail dutch henry across country where they encounter lola with her cowardly beau steve miller (charles drake) hold up in a u.s. cavalry camp awaiting attack by the indians led by young bull (rock hudson) who has acquired the prized rifle by murdering wily gun runner john mcintyre. he had got the weapon by cheating dutch henry at poker. young bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to steve. meanwhile, back at the ranch, lola and steve meet up with notorious gunman waco johnny dean (dan duryea) who kills steve and takes the valued rifle and lola for himself. when dean meets up with dutch henry, he allows him to take back "his gun" planning to murder him later. in the town of tuscosa, lin kills dean as dutch henry's plans of holding up the bank go bad and he escapes into the hills with lin in pursuit. in one of the best final shoot outs ever, the two meet in the final showdown. i believe that this movie was the only one of the stewart/mann collaborations that was shot in b&w. it is beautifully photographed, especially the scenes in the "wide open spaces" and in particular, the final showdown. stewart playing against type, plays the hero with a violent revenge motive edge, an emotion that he would carry into future films with mann. as in most universal westerns, this one boasts a cast of seasoned veterans and contract players of the day. in addition to those mentioned above, j.c. flippen appears as the cavalry sergeant, steve brodie, james millican, john doucette and chuck roberson as various henchmen, ray teal as the sheriff pursuing duryea, tony curtis and james best as rookie soldiers and edmund cobb, chief yowlachie and john war eagle in various roles in the dodge city sequence. a classic western in every sense of the word. it was responsible for re-generating stewart's career as an action star.

a fine western, following the fate of those who possess the prize winning gun, a winchester '73. it has a great cast who give superb cliche characterisations with help from the usual effective story telling direction from mann.

keep in mind i'm a fan of the genre but have only recently seen this film for the first time. how i've overlooked it all this time is a wonder to me. to me this is a better film then the much lauded "high noon". it's a great western with excellent acting and a great story. the dvd is in beautifull black and white with outstanding cinematography. if you like westerns or james stewart this film is not to be missed.

the picture is developed in 1873 and talks as lin mcadam(james stewart) and high spade(millard michell)arrive to dodge city looking for an enemy called dutch henry(stephen mcnally).the sheriff wyatt hearp(will ger)obligates to leave their guns.both participate in an shot contest and stewart earns a winchester 73,the rifle greatest of the west but is robbed and starting the possession hand to hand(john mcintire,charles drake ,dan duryea).meanwhile the starring is going on the vengeance.first western interpreted by james stewart directed by anthony mann that achieved revive the genre during 50 decade. the film has an extraordinary casting including brief apparition of rock hudson and tony curtis,both newcomers. the picture is well narrated and directed by the magnificent director anthony mann who has made abundant classics western:bend the river,far country,man of laramie,naked spur,tin star. of course, all the essential elements western are in this film,thus,red indians attack,raid by outlaws,final showdown.the breathtaking cinematography by greta garbo's favourite photographer willian daniels. james stewart inaugurated a new type of wage,the percentage on the box office that will imitate posteriorly others great hollywood stars. although the argument is an adaptation of ¨big gun¨ novel of stuart l.lake and screenwriter is borden chase,is also based about real events because 4 july 1876 in dodge city had a shot competition and the winner was rewarded with a winchester 73 model 1873 with ability shoot 17 cartridges caliber 44/40 in few seconds.

contains spoiler with the possible exception of john wayne, no other actor sat taller in the saddle in westerns than james stewart, and this movie proves it. this superb tale of revenge centered around a winchester rifle,has only one weak spot i can think of: the casting of will geer as a very unearp-like wyatt earp. the casting of the villains was good:stephen mcnally, as surly dutch henry,dan duryea as waco johnny dean, and john mcintire(versatile at playing both good guys and bad guys) as a slick gun runner. the showdown between stewart and mcnally on the cliffs is great! i'd stack this western against the whole crop of westerns made today. they wouldn't stand a chance!

this complicated western was a milestone in the career of james stewart after his return from war service, wanting to change his image by doing a western, which is largely regarded as the reason for the influx of westerns in the '50s since it's very impressive. too bad it wasn't photographed in technicolor.stewart wins first prize for "the gun that won the west", but then has to spend the rest of the film trying to recover it when it's stolen. shelley winters is a shady gal with an unsavory reputation and stephen mcnally is the local bad boy gunman in dodge city. will geer is wyatt earp and dan duryea is shelley's bad boyfriend. and wouldn't you know that, it being a universal-international film, tony curtis and rock hudson (both quite unknown at the time) have bit roles.an interesting sequence features the first indian attack, whereby charles drake reveals himself to be a coward who rides off, leaving shelley alone in the horse-drawn wagon. he later redeems himself, but it's just one of the twists and turns that has the gun passing from one unsavory hand to another--but finally ending up with the rightful owner.stephen mcnally and james stewart have quite a final shootout that is almost as melodramatic (but not quite) as duel in the sun's blazing guns finale. mcnally makes the perfect villain and dan duryea is equally treacherous in the kind of villainous role he played throughout the '40s as a low-life gunslinger.tightly constructed story is extremely well directed by anthony mann, and it's fun to see rock hudson (credited as young bull) wearing indian war paint and tony curtis as a young soldier who casts longing glances at the then slim and attractive shelley winters.well worth viewing and definitely an above average story.

lin mcadam (james stewart) wins a rifle, a winchester in a shooting contest.dutch henry brown (stephen mcnally) is a bad loser and steals the gun.lin takes his horse and goes after dutch and his men and the rifle with his buddy high spade (millard mitchell).the rifle gets in different hands on the way.will it get back to the right owner? anthony mann and james stewart worked together for the first time and came up with this masterpiece, winchester '73 (1950).stewart is the right man to play the lead.he was always the right man to do anything.the terrific shelley winters plays the part of lola manners and she's great as always.dan duryea is terrific at the part of waco johnnie dean.charles drake is brilliant as lola's cowardly boyfriend steve miller.also wyatt earp and bat masterson are seen in the movie, and they're played by will geer and steve darrell.the young rock hudson plays young bull and the young anthony (tony) curtis plays doan.there are many classic moments in this movie.in one point the group is surrounded by indians, since this is a western.it's great to watch this survival game where the fastest drawer and the sharpest shooter is the winner.all the true western fans will love this movie.

the narrative affirms the classic image of good versus evil in the form of a struggle of brother against brother. the main character, lin macadam, played by james stewart, represents justice and righteousness. his brother, who operates under the persona of dutch henry brown, played by stephen mcnally, stands for the classic stage-coach robbing western outlaw, chased by his brother for having killed their father. the world the story takes place is the classic dystopian west where the only way to prevent its inhabitants from killing each other is to take away their sidearms as soon as they enter town, and the man responsible for keeping this law and order is the classic western lawman wyat earp. present as well are such flat characters typical of the western, such as the murderous indian warrior, the besieged cavalryman, and the bonnet-clad damsel in distress. another important archetype in this film, that which gives the film it's name, is a custom made winchester rifle. the weapon can be viewed as an allegory for the rewards given to those who do things honorably. once it is stolen from its rightful owner, it brings tragedy to everyone that comes in contact with it. in this sense it resembles other such icons like the holy grail in raiders of the lost ark, and the blood stained letter in saving private ryan. this gives the film an element of surrealism which is usually absent from westerns, a genre not known for esoteric themes and symbols. being essentially a revenge film, it shares this element with many other examples of the genre, such as jack arnold's no name on the bullet, and clint eastwood's unforgiven. there is also a tacit theme of rape in winchester '73. waco johnny dean, one of the film's villains played very effectively by dan duryea, abducts a woman after killing her husband. the volatile cowboy toys with the tenderfoot husband, and dispatches him like a caricature of a cat toying with an insect before biting its head off. waco johnny dean eventually gets what is coming to him after coming in contact with the ominous winchester rifle. the main story of winchester '73 is reminiscent of the mythological tale of jason and his quest for the golden fleece, as told in apollonius' argonautica. both stories deal with the acquisition of a sacred object that possesses some sort of intangible quality. like jason, stewart's character hops from one adventure to the next in search of a one-of-a- kind prize. another theme in winchester '73 that is similar to a mythic tale is the struggle between brothers. several stories of antiquity deal with this issue, such as the hebrew bible's tale of cain and abel, and the vulgate tale of romulus and remus. as for the theme of abduction and rape present in anthony mann's film, it is present in many mythological works, such as the rape of europa as told by ovid in his metamorphoses. winchester '73 is a fine example of the western genre, and acts as the objective correlative for many classic american western and ancient mythological themes.

one of the greatest westerns of all time! but this one, unlike many others, does not deal with the nature, horses, shootouts, etc., but instead deals with one rifle, the winchester '73, and how this one rifle effects others and how they effect it. a rifle is not a living, breathing, human being, right? you may be inclined to believe that it is not. but it seems to have a mind of its own, for two very similar reasons: it gets back to its rightful owner in the end, even though that throughout the rest of the picture, its unthoughtful "owners" do their best to make sure it does not, and it never seems to be content until it gets back to its original owner, so, coincidentally, the unthoughtful "owners" always seem to lose it somehow or get killed trying to protect and keep it, until it gets back to james stewart, then it is "content". but, not every one of the owners deserves to have it. stewart does, of course, since he won it. mcnally does not, since he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. drake definitely does not, because he would probably lose it in some poker game, and besides, drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a one-of-a-kind rifle if he will not even use it? duryea does not, because he is just a chuckling maniac, and we all know that chuckling maniacs do not deserve guns. this film has a sort of noir edge that only westerns can have, such as the ox-bow incident. westerns have their own type of noir, much different than the 30's and 40's bogart films. it is, hands-down, the best one out of all five stewart-mann westerns, even though my personal favorite is "bend of the river". the other four became much different than this one. i do not think it a coincidence to see that the other four were color, and this is black and white. this is because of the noir edge. all five films had the revenge and the dark past on stewart's part play into the film, to the point where this is not just stewart's dark side, but also actually a sort of character, not one to be listed in the credits, but one that you can only recognize and know that it is there, always present. however, this one, not just on revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of supreme danger, and characters that were very different than stewart make it surpass the other four in all aspects. but stewart never crosses the line. he does, however, walk the line between light and dark. this is why black and white played such an integral part in the film. they could have all been black and white, or they could have all been color. but this one is in black and white, and the other four are in color, and there is a very good reason for that.

the larger-than-life figures of wyatt earp and bat masterson, and the specters of george armstrong custer and sitting bull, loom over director anthony mann's hugely entertaining first western with james stewart. although stewart's quest to avenge his father's murder is the primary story, winchester '73 is really an ensemble piece, with the eponymous, one-in-a-thousand firearm passing through the hands of many colorful owners, including a wry trader (john mcintire, especially great) and outlaw dan duryea, who's even more despicable than usual. the film's conflation of fiction and history produces a breezy pace and an ambivalent tone brilliantly in step with mann's pared-down, compositionally rigorous film-making. his themes of psychological unrest and past dictating present faintly underlie this tall tale of good and bad men chasing after a fabled gun, but they starkly emerge in a vignette about a husband's cowardice and failed attempt at atonement, and are defined in stewart's conversations with sidekick millard mitchell. mann's use of environment is what sets him apart from other filmmakers of westerns. instead of gazing at vistas from afar, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate, or evoke the human characters' goals. just as mountains, caves, and rapids had to be accounted for in the naked spur, here a gunfight occurs amidst the loose rocks and boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatalistically determines the roles of victor and victim between two equally skilled sharpshooters. (i would be remiss in not recognizing cinematographer william h. daniels's contribution, particularly his superlative day-for-night, open-range photography.) not merely an adept outdoorsman, mann presents an equally vivid picture of wyatt earp-patrolled dodge city, primarily through scaled, multiple-plane staging. the shooting contest does not depend on brisk camera shifts or twitchy cuts for effect because mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to display the greatest density of information in a given shot. nor does he care to spell out the plot in dialogue, relying on the actors' eyes or a well-chosen image to convey the stakes. one scene in particular serves to explain his attitude: mitchell's telling of stewart's motivation to shelley winters, which is interrupted by the climactic gunfight that soon enough reveals all. light without feeling insubstantial, intense without being overbearing, winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to behold.

saw this flick on encw last nite for the third or fourth time. enjoyed it so much i ordered the dvd. this really is a standout and of course the first of the mann-stewart pairings. more here than the usual oater, although not quite as powerful as the searchers. lots of obvious symbolism about achieving manhood but mainly it's the acting by stewart, his partner millard mitchell, shelly winters and the waco johnny dean- dan duryea. steve miller (not the joker) is interesting as a handsome would be hero who's interested in lola but too yellow . like stewart in the man who killed liberty valance, he's practically reduced to putting on an apron and serving his enemies coffee. decaf no doubt. tony curtis from the bronx cavalry and rock hudson behaving like no indian i've seen on screen have interesting cameos.special performances by john mcintire as a too lucky card dealing/gun trader who hangs out at a very low grade western version of rick's american cafe. nobody wants to spend the night there. jay c. flippens out over a kiss from lola (winters) and has some nice scenes with stewart before he gets to bend of the river and far country. will geer as wyatt earp and the indian chief who takes walter brennan's teeth from him in red river are pleasant sightings. this is the kind of western that only stewart, not wayne nor scott could have pulled off. worth the shot, i repeat. :-)

this is quite an unusual and unique little western, that is made mostly original due to its story that revolves around an unique and superior winchester 1873 rifle and all of those who get to poses it at one point or another in the movie.it's mostly a very entertaining movie to watch but not without still being a real western as well. the movie got done in a typical '40's/'50's style of western genre film-making, so the lovers of the genre should not be turned off by its somewhat unusual main premise.because the rifle is actually being the main plot device of the movie, it allows the story to follow multiple characters throughout the movie, who are all connected of course and the story makes full circle in the end. without that this movie would had been a pretty messy one to watch, since the story often jumps from the one hazardous occasion into the other, with constantly different characters involved. quite amazing how they even managed to put wyatt earp in this all. but it's no criticism really. i liked that the movie and its story were being original and how the movie seemed to move from the one event to the other. it gave the movie a bit of a sense of adventure and entertainment.it's also a really great looking movie. i liked the settings the movie used and it seems quite amazing that this was actually the director anthony mann's first western. luckily he would go on to direct more westerns later on, which also often would star james stewart in the main lead.it was a pretty daring casting choice to pick james stewart as the main lead. he is one of the softest and most polite looking and acting actors, so casting him as a tough gunslinger seems like a bit of an odd pick. but stewart is surprisingly convincing as a tough guy and it shows how versatile and really capable as an actor he actually was. it also has some other surprising actors in the movie, that are not often get connected with this genre. shelley winters plays the female lead and also later well known actors rock hudson and tony curtis appear in some small roles.a real western with also plenty of action and entertainment to it.8/10

by 1955, five years after this one was released james stewart and anthony mann had completed another six films together, four of them westerns. their rapport was obvious from the outset and what was intended as little more than a universal progrmmer became both a cult and a classic. buffs of the period will revel in the fact that the first ten names on the credits were all more than well known - and that's not counting ray teal or 'anthony' curtis, later to become tony. perhaps ten years later the 'psychological' western was well entrenched but in 1950 it was rare to throw ahab into the mix with cain and abel, to say nothing of addressing several other issues along the way, and still furnish a conventional western on the surface and full credit to all concerned. one to add to the dvd collection.

winchester 73 is the story of a man (jimmy stewart) obsessed with getting back his prized possession, a repeating rifle made by winchester. the rifle keeps changing hands, and stewart doggedly keeps after it. this 1950 b&w effort by anthony mann is more a crime film than a traditional western, and the cowboys often seem more like modern-day gangsters than old-fashioned cowboys. shelley winters plays a woman of questionable virtue who is headed for a ranch with a man (charles drake) she may marry. she ends up falling for stewart, but not before she is passed around a bit. winters is the most complex character in a film filled with unusual characters. watch for a young dan dureyea as a nutty killer and tony curtis in a very small role. a woefully miscast will geer plays wyatt earp.

a new creative team emerged in 1950 when brilliant actor james stewart teamed with the equally-brilliant director anthony mann to make a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future. until that time stewart was mainly noted for an aw..aw..aw approach to family oriented comedies, dramas, and romances. not that he wasn't already a multi-talented hollywood star. one of his best screen performances ever and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was as macaulay 'mike' connor, a sarcastic writer for a scandal rag in "the philadelphia story." he had even done westerns before. his portrayal of gun shy yet expert shot thomas jefferson destry jr. in the comedy western "destry rides again" helped make that film a classic. but to most movie goers he was the all-american boyscout type mr. smith or george bailey. seldom was there a dark side to any of the characters he played. anthony mann was associated with b flicks in the film noir mode. "raw deal," "side street," and "t-men" caught the eye of james stewart. so the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest hollywood westerns ever made. "winchester '73" and "the man from laramie" were the best but the others were almost as effective. mann became a successful director of a films as a result going on to direct what some critics believe to be the greatest western of them all gary cooper's "man of the west." stewart became fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership because he signed for part of the royalties in return for a fraction of the salary he was usually paid, a wise move indeed followed by many other actors from then on.winchester '73 was also one of the first films, maybe the first, to tell a story from the standpoint of a traveling gun. each owner is part of the tale being told and it all comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also holds a surprise for the viewer. based on a story by stuart lake, the tale centers on revenge and the ownership of the winchester '73. the year is 1876. custer and his 7th cavalry have been annihilated by the sioux and cheyenne at little big horn. the whites want revenge. the native americans want their land and their way of life back. this conflict leads to a confrontation between native americas led by young bull (young rock hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group pinned down in a canyon and joined by civilians lin mcadam (stewart), his partner and life-long pal high spade ( the underrated actor millard mitchell), and a couple trying to find themselves, steve miller (charles drake) and lola manners (shelley winters), a soiled dove with a kind heart. among the horse soldiers are newcomers tony curtis and james best (late of the "dukes of hazzard"), whose part is cut short by a bullet.wyatt earp was in dodge city in 1876. the movie has him as head marshal. the fine actor will geer (later of the waltons) looks like an older earp. in reality wyatt was assistant marshal in dodge at the time just cutting his teeth on being a lawman. lin mcadam wins the winchester in a shooting contest, but has it taken from him not long afterward by outlaw dutch henry brown (stephen mcnally) and his henchmen. mcadam and high spade are after both dutch henry and the winchester for the remainder of the movie. an even more sinister character emerges along the way, waco johnnie dean, played as evil personified by dan duryea who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a stellar cast.the winchester passes through several hands during the course of the film, each time the transfer is intense. one involves a gunrunner played to perfection by john mcintire. other swaps are intermingled with the scenario above. all this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the entire show.as noted above, the cast is first rate down to the smallest role. look for other familiar faces in uncredited parts, including the future sheriff of "bonanza" ray teal and b western reliable panhandle perkins (guy wilkerson).

winchester '73 is a great story, and that's what i like about it. it's not your everyday western--it uses a rifle, which passes hands from various characters--as a mechanism for telling the story about these people. rock hudson plays an indian chief, jimmy stewart plays a great leading man with heart and strength, and shelly winters plays a gal who has to cope with the realities of her husband and the wild west. it's important to note for those politically correct types--they kill a lot of indians in this movie without remorse. by today's standards, it's still pretty violent. but it's a great story and worth watching. enjoy!

james stewart stars in a classic western tale of revenge which ties in with the fate of the films other star the winchester rifle. stewart is it goes without saying excellent adding some cold hard obsession to his usual laid back cowboy. the story follows the fate of a winchester rifle and its owners after being won in a competition by our hero and stolen by the man he is hunting.we meet a selection of gamblers, gun fighters, indian traders and bank robers as we follow the rifles path through indian battles, bank heists etc. the supporting cast are all solid with dan durya standing out as waco johnny dean the live-wire gunfighter with an itchy trigger finger. also as a trivia note a very early appearance from rock hudson as an indian chief.the end showdown is a classic a tense rifle battle fought at long range in and around a rocky outcrop. throw in some good old western action, fist fights, shootouts and horseback chases it makes for a rollicking western adventure. 8/10

winchester 73 gets credit from many critics for bringing back the western after wwii. director anthony mann must get a lot of credit for his excellent direction. jimmy stewart does an excellent job, but i think stephen mcnalley and john mcintire steal the movie with their portrayal of two bad guys involved in a high stakes poker game with the treasured winchester 73 going to the winner. this is a good script with several stories going on at the same time. look for the first appearance of rock hudson as young bull. thank god, with in a few years, we would begin to let indians play themselves in western films. the film is in black and white and was shot in tucson arizona. i would not put winchester 73 in the category of stagecoach, high noon or shane, but it gets an above average recommendation from me..

this stirring western spins the tale of the famous rifle of the early west that was coveted by one and all. james stewart is the cowboy who wins the prized winchester in a shootout, only to lose it in a robbery. the story details stewart's pursuit of the rifle and a certain man through the film. the rifle changes hands time after time, as though the owner is fated to lose it through violence. the picture has plenty of action and suspense as stewart closes in on his quarry. a great cast supports stewart here, namely stephen mcnally, dan duryea, millard mitchell, john mcintire and jay c. flippen. shelley winters seems miscast here and the purpose of her role is rather obscure. tony curtis and rock hudson, teen heartthrobs in later years, have brief but good roles.

for the viewer who comes upon it long after its making, "winchester '73" has something in common with "casablanca." while you watch it, you get this feeling that you're looking at a string of clichés encountered so often in the genre; then you realise that the clichés became clichés only after being copied from this particular film, and that they were so widely copied because this film was so great. in other words, it's a seminal work."winchester '73" is a joy to watch. the broad lines of the plot are somewhat predictable, but mostly because you've seen them copied so many times in later movies, and nevertheless it still contains a number of twists which surprise you. the dialogue, the pacing and mann's direction are excellent. stewart shines in particular, and if you're a fan this is a "must-see," but he is not alone in delivering a good performance. remarkably, many of the most thoughtful and/or witty lines go to minor characters. because this makes these characters (much) more than cardboard cutouts, it lent additional realism to the film. this is a remarkably underrated film, and well worth keeping an eye out for. the dvd also contains an interview with stewart which provides some background on the film.

i was very impressed with this film. i would have to rate it as one of the better classic-era westerns. i say that for the whole thing: the acting, mature dialog, no- nonsense story and excellent cinematography.director anthony mann, who did several well-photographed film noirs around this same era, also made some westerns such as this one. it has that same film-noir look. mann and jimmy stewart collaborated on several westerns during this period. . if you like this movie, i recommend the mann-stewart film "bend of the river."in a nutshell, the story is about a man, "lin mcadam," (stewart) who owns this prestigious winchester 73 rifle, a weapon he won fair-and-square in a contest. it is then stolen and passed on from villain to villain. all of those villains are interesting characters.aiding stewart act out this interesting tale are shelley winters, dan duryea, stephen mcnally, millard mitchell, charles drake, will greer and j. c. flippen. all of them are fun to watch. it was a bit of a stretch, however, to see rock hudson playing an indian ("young bull"), but you can't have everything.

in 1942 a film tales of manhattan told a set of stories that were basically unrelated, but tied together with a suit of men's evening wear. each story began when the "tails" were passed from one owner (charles boyer, for instance) to another (ceasar romero). winchester '73, a superior film, and a great western, has a similar plot twist. initially it is about how jimmy stewart is seeking stephen (horace) macmahon for some deadly grudge. but in the course of the film the two men get into a shooting contest, the prize (given by marshall wyatt earp - will geer) being one of the new winchester rifles. stewart barely beats out macmahon, but the gun is stolen from stewart, and the chase is on. the gun passes from hand to hand, including john mcintyre (as an arrogant trader who fatally does not know when to stop being arrogant), to rock hudson (in a surprising role - and a brief one at that), to charles drake, to dan duryea (as the delightfully deadly and psychotic waco johnny dean), to macmahon. eventually it does return to stewart.the film is expertly directed by anthony mann. every character has a wide variety of experiences. duryea gets the rifle literally over drake's dead body (duryea forces the issue). but he loses it to macmahon, who is faster on the draw - not that duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. as he and shelley winter look at macmahon in the distance, winter (who watched duryea kill her former boy friend drake) drops her distaste for the gunman momentarily to ask why he put up with macmahon's bullying for the gun. philosophically, duryea explains he can wait. some opportunity will come up later on (i.e., when he can safely kill macmahon and get back the rifle). the characters are remarkably human. winters first appears as the future bride of drake, but she sees a really big negative side to him - an unforgivable side. drake is aware of this lapse, and it helps lead to his destruction. other characters have realistic touches, such as j.c. flippen as an army sergeant who fights an indian attack with steward and steward's friend millard mitchell. oh yes, and with flippen's fellow soldier - tony curtis. flippen makes one believe this soldier has been on a hundred battlefields before, since 1861 probably. steward had showed emotions in other films. in it's a wonderful life he showed a degree of anger at times, and also a near nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. but here he showed a demonic anger - at the expense of a surprised duryea (who normally would show such anger himself).the parts of this film fit very neatly together, under mann's competent hands. this is one western that never wears out, as the audience watches the travels of a winchester rifle.

buffs of the adult western that flourished in the 1950s try and trace its origins to the film that kicked off the syndrome. of course, we can go back to howard hawks's red river (1948) or further still to john ford's my darling clementine (1946), but if we want to stick with this single decade, then it has to be one of a couple of films made in that era's initial year. one is "the gunfighter," an exquisitely grim tale of a famed gunslinger (ringo) facing his last shootout. another from that same year is "winchester '73," and it's worth noting that millard mitchell appears in both as grim, mustached, highly realistic range riders. in the gunfighter, he's the town marshal expected to arrest ringo but once rode with him in an outlaw gang. in winchester, he's the sidekick to jimmy stewart, a kind of horatio to stewart's hamlet in this epic/tragic tale. the plot is simple enough: stewart's lonesome cowpoke wins a remarkable winchester in a shooting match, beating the meanest man in the west (stephen mcnally), who is actually his own brother and caused the death of their father. when the brother steals the gun, stewart and mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey that takes them all across the frontier, meeting up with both outlaws and indians. (in one wonderful bit, two future stars - rock hudson and tony curtis - play an indian chief and a u.s. cavalry soldier - during a well staged pitched-battle. dan duryea steals the whole show as a giggling outlaw leader, while shelly winters, just before she began to gain weight, is fine as the shady lady who ties all the plots together. today, filmmakers would go on for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but anthony mann does so in an extremely economical amount of time, with not a minute wasted. such western legends as bat masterson and wyatt earp (terrifically played by will geer) make brief appearances, adding to the historicity as well as the epic nature. the final battle between good and bad brothers, high atop a series of jutting rock canyons, is now legendary among western buffs. it's also worth noting that stewart, however much associated he became with western films, does what is actually his first western leading man role here - yes, he was in destry rides again eleven years earlier, but was cast in that comedy spoof because he seemed so wrong for westerns!

in the fifties the age restrictions for films in brazil were the following: no restriction, 10 years old, 14 years old and 18 years old. usually the westerns were allowed for ten years old, when they had a bit more of violence they would go to 14, but it was rare to see a western restricted for younger than 18. winchester 73 was one of those, and i think this explains very well how this film was considered different from average. the hero, james stewart was fighting against his own brother who had killed their father. he was looking for revenge and seemed quite traumatized, far from the average good guy. anthony mann tried variations on this type of character in the next films he did with stewart. shelley winters, the leading lady was far from virtuous, she kept following the man who stayed with the rifle. dan duryea as waco johnnie dean is one of those great villains that will always be remembered. the story of the film, which always follows the man who stays with the rifle, is one of the best suited for a western. it was to be made into a fritz lang film, which did not come through. when it was offered to mann he made a point of starting from zero again and not taking anything that was prepared for lang. with winchester, mann created a different conception of western, but still maintaining all its traditions. winchester still is a great film to see again and again, but nothing will be comparable to the impression it made in those who saw it when it was originally released.

the traditional western is synonymous with wide open spaces, clearcut morality, inevitable storylines, the optimistic faith in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, to escape his past. these qualities reflect directly the american sense of self, the self-shaping dream, the pushing of boundaries and frontiers, which is why the genre is still alluded to by opportunistic politicians. with some noble exceptions (eg wellman, hawks), the western was healthily free of neuroses or real anxiety. anthony mann changed all that forever, and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent, vivid, complex, not to say exciting westerns ever made.the traditional western depends on a hero who exemplifies rugged wholesomeness, whatever misfortunes he may have had in the past, a supporter of order and right, who dominates the film, removes its obstacles, restores harmony in effect; and an obvious villain, who often, ironically, drives the plot, forces the hero into certain actions. the difference between the two is often delineated as mythically simple as the wearing of white or black hats.mann's background was in film noir, a genre antithetical to wide open spaces and optimism. noir was neurotically charged, focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, where morality is blurred, the hero is as often the villain, trapped in an interior-labyrinth of his own making, a passive victim to destiny. noir is about regress not progress, the interrogating and denying of modes and signs of representation, not the creation and confirmation of them.winchester 73 is fraught with noir anxiety. noir is often considered a psychological genre, visualising the traumas of its protagonist's head. 73 does this too, and is all the more disturbing in that that protagonist is lovely, homespun jimmy stewart, initiating here his great run of difficult films with mann and hitchcock. in many ways, good-natured and sweet, representing right and trying to restore disruptions to the natural order, he is also a near-lunatic who will stop at nothing to achieve murderous revenge, whose relentless quest mirrors ethan edwards in the searchers in its inhuman persistance, whose human instincts are frayed by this quest, and whose bursts of violence are genuinely terrifying to witness.as in noir, his anxiety has a psychological base - unlike most 'healthy' heroes who have outgrown (symbolically killed) their fathers, mcadam's father was killed before he could complete the process; his chasing his brother is less moral revenge than an anguished protest against stunted growth. the climactic shoot-out is not cathartic: mcadam staggers back into 'normal' society, like he's just witnessed some of the world's most ghastly horrors.what is most unsettling about the film is that it's not really about a hero or a villain at all, but an inanimate piece of weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the gun of the title privileged, on display behind a glass window, while its admirers are trapped, squashed, undifferentiated, framed, admiring it outside. throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifiers - names change; lin and dutch mime shooting each other because they've no guns; quests lose their moral vitality and their practitioners veer close to madness; armies have to ask for help from confederate strangers to fight battles; a man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a coward when he abandons his fiancee to the indians; the gun retains its prestige, power, wholeness.it's not the revenge plot which drives the film, but the story of the gun; this wrenches the film out of conventional expectations, and creates an eerie, alienating, modern feel. we become so caught up in the revenge plot that when we follow, with the gun, another plot entirely, we feel slightly bewildered.this emphasis on the gun, symbol of potent masculinity, actually allows for a critique of that masculinity, revealing pointless elaborate rituals at the expense of society and order; brute capitalist greed; murderous indian-traders who defraud both seller and enemy; cowards; psychotic killers; before returning to its 'true' owner, a broken hero thoroughly compromised, who has become as murderous as the murderer he seeks. the gun is never imprinted with the name of its owner, not only because there is no fixed owner, but because there is no fixed masculinity, an insight anathema to the traditional western.73 brilliantly invokes western myths - wyatt earp, dodge city, the cavalry, the civil war, the wide open west - only to undermine them. earp has an inflated reputation that is all name but never proven - dodge city is no safer against outlaws than anywhere else; the cavalry is inept (custer has just lost little big horn) and the bitter feud of the war is shown to be irrelevant. the myth of the open west is a site for a very closed, inescapable, circular plot which traps its characters, refuses to allow them shape their destiny, but allowing it to shape them.the old john ford silhouette of riders on a vast mountain is reprised, but signals here not progress but repetition and circularity. but for all its deconstruction, the film is also tangibly vivid in a way few westerns ever achieve. mann's incisive technique intrudes his camera in crucial positions, alternating revealing distance with intense examination, making the saloon doors and stagecoaches seem thrillingly alive and lived in.

for anthony mann the western was 'legend'- and 'legend' makes the very best cinema! mann's work was full of intensities and passions, visually dramatic, and the action always excitingly photographed...stewart, a docile actor with the ability of displaying anger, neurosis and cruelty, made with anthony mann, five remarkable westerns: "winchester '73;" " bend of the river;" "the naked spur;" "the far country;" and "the man from laramie."in "winchester '73," stewart reveals his darker side... he offers all the reserves of anger, inner ambivalence, and emotional complexity in his nature that his audiences had, up till this time, failed to catch...a carefully chosen cast increases the proceedings in fine style: shelley winters is at her saucy best; dan duryea perfect as the vicious, sneering psychopathic villain; john mcintire great as the unscrupulous character; charles drake so good as the man who attempts to face his tormentor; and a very young rock hudson, attempts the role of an indian chief... "winchester '73" is the story of a perfectly crafted and highly prized, rifle in the dodge city kansas of 1876... stewart and his estranged brother, who bears another name (stephen mcnally), compete fiercely for possession of it, and though stewart wins, mcnally steals it and sets off cross-country with stewart in pursuit... what gives the pursuit an element of the demonic, is stewart's determination to revenge his father's death at the hands of that same renegade brother—a revenge fed by long-standing fratricidal hatred...photographed in gorgeous black & white, the film comes on as powerful and arresting, acted with deep feeling and intense concentration, not only by stewart but by all the supporting characters...look fast for a promising newcomer, tony curtis, the soldier who finds the rifle after the indian attack...

my favorite movie genre is the western, it's really the only movie genre that is of american origin. and despite sergio leone, no one does them quite like americans.right at the top of my list of ten favorites westerns is winchester 73. it was the first pairing and only black and white film of the partnership of director anthony mann and actor james stewart. it was also a landmark film in which stewart opted for a percentage of the profits instead of a straight salary from universal. many such deals followed for players, making them as rich as the moguls who employed them.anthony mann up to this point had done mostly b pictures, noir type stuff with no real budgets. just before winchester 73 mann had done a fine western with robert taylor, devil's doorway, that never gets enough praise. i'm sure james stewart must have seen it and decided mann was the person he decided to partner with.in this film mann also developed a mini stock company the way john ford was legendary for. besides stewart others in the cast like millard mitchell, steve brodie, dan duryea, john mcintire, jay c. flippen and rock hudson would appear in future mann films.it's a simple plot, james stewart is obsessed with finding a man named dutch henry brown and killing him. why i won't say, but up to this point we had never seen such cold fury out of james stewart on screen. anthony mann reached into jimmy stewart's soul and dragged out some demons all of us are afraid we have.the hate is aptly demonstrated in a great moment towards the beginning of the film. after stewart and sidekick millard mitchell are disarmed by wyatt earp played by will geer because guns aren't carried in earp's dodge city. there's a shooting contest for a winchester rifle in dodge city and the betting favorite is dutch henry brown, played with menace by stephen mcnally. stewart, mitchell and geer go into the saloon and stewart and mcnally spot each other at the same instant and reach to draw for weapons that aren't there. look at the closeups of stewart and mcnally, they say more than 10 pages of dialog.another character stewart runs into in the film is waco johnny dean played by dan duryea who almost steals the film. this may have been duryea's finest moment on screen. he's a psychopathic outlaw killer who's deadly as a left handed draw even though he sports two six guns. another person stewart meets is shelley winters who's fiancé is goaded into a showdown by duryea and killed. her best scenes are with duryea who's taken a fancy to her. she plays for time until she can safely get away from him. guess who she ultimately winds up with?there are some wonderful performances in some small roles, there ain't a sour note in the cast. john mcintire as a shifty indian trader, jay c. flippen as the grizzled army sergeant and rock hudson got his first real notice as a young indian chief. even john alexander, best known as 'theodore roosevelt' in arsenic and old lace has a brief, but impressive role as the owner of a trading post where both mcnally and stewart stop at different times.mann and stewart did eight films together, five of them westerns, and were ready to do a sixth western, night passage when they quarreled and mann walked off the set. the end of a beautiful partnership that produced some quality films.

sitting on the front porch of his burbank home, ted mapes told me that he and reed hadley wore the exact same size in every item of clothing except hat.ted, one of the greatest of the stunt men, said that every time zorro put on his mask, he was the one on the screen.that was a little bit of an exaggeration: there were times that zorro was obviously reed hadley, but in the stunts we can be satisfied it was ted at work.and what stunts! "zorro's fighting legion" is, as witness the comments here, one of the greatest of serials. it is exciting and generally very well made.reed hadley was a fine actor, and, as someone else commented, he made a very good fop.but, admittedly, it is the action that makes this movie so great.and what else could we expect, with direction by that excellent team, witney and english, with great music from the amazingly prolific william lava (the listing here says he was uncredited, but that is incorrect; those other composers listed here were indeed uncredited, and i don't know if they did write any of the music -- it sounds like lava), and with villainy from, among others, the great charles king, and with dozens of bit parts?also noteworthy was a villain played by the radio tarzan, jim pierce, who was edgar rice burroughs' son-in-law. (i urge you to read his mini-bio.) there is one chapter that slows things down depressingly, but, heck, it's only a few minutes long (maybe 20) and when you wade through it, well, you're back to the excitement.turner classic movies deserves a great big thank you for presenting this excellent serial, and we should ask tcm to bring us more.and we should thank everyone involved that we get to see it as a chapter-play, or serial, and not as a re-cut feature.

there have been a lot of zorro films made over the decades, but it's a shame that one of the best is probably one of the least seen.zorro's fighting legion is a bit different from other zorro films. first off, it's a republic serial in 12 chapters. and this time, zorro is not played by a top studio star like douglas fairbanks, tyrone power or antonio banderas but instead by workman-like actor reed hadley. while hadley does not cast as strong a presence over the proceedings as those other, he does an adequate job, helped by the fact that he is not the sole hero here; as the title implies, he has a fighting legion to call upon.another big difference is that the setting isn't california. the story here take place in central mexico in 1824 where a man posing as a living god incites the indigenous indian population and a band of outlaws to aid him in his plan to overthrow the newly established mexican republic. something, zorro, and a handful of followers plan to do anything they can to stop.don't get me wrong, there is at least one incredibly cheesy moment per episode, from corny "twang" bow sound effects to ludicrous acting. but overall, this represents one of the best republic serials of all time, and probably the best zorro one.the plot is stronger than most serials and never becomes incomprehensible or meandering., and there's lots of great action - fans of the indiana jones movies will notice many bits borrowed from this serial.

serials were short subjects originally shown in theaters in conjunction with a feature film that were related to pulp magazine serialized fiction. known as "chapter plays," they were extended motion pictures broken into a number of segments called "chapters" or "episodes." each chapter would be screened at the same theater for one week. the serial would end with a cliffhanger, as the hero and heroine would find themselves in the latest perilous situation from which there could be no escape.the audience would have to return the next week to find out how the hero and heroine would escape and battle the villain once again. serials were especially popular with children, and for many children in the first half of the 20th century, a typical saturday at the movies included a chapter of at least one serial, along with animated cartoons, newsreels, and two feature films.the golden age for serials was 1936-1945. this was one of the best of the era.zorro has been seen in many films, but reed hadley ("racket squad", the undying brain) was excellent in the role.the action is constant, and we are led chapter by chapter to the ultimate end where we find out the identity of the evildoer.zorro triumphs, as he always does.

along with "king of the rocket men", this was still being repeated on bbc tv in the early to mid eighties. if i was loading up a time capsule of this period both these series would definitely go in.someone watching it for the first time will think it is silly but this is one of the best examples of the "serials". don del oro will make you laugh (when i was little my nickname for him was mr dustbin head) and it was funny upon being shot at he says "your bullets can't harm me" then he stumbles back, seemingly less than happy. i also like the way he dispenses with sebastian in the first episode.i watched this again because i had good memories of it from years back, there are some good stunts and good music, it has the ingredients you expect including water,rockfalls,runaway carts... apart from the first episode(with ralph faulkner)the swordplay wasn't nearly as good as i remembered it, and yes it features the inevitable "flashback" episode! it gets 8 out of 10 because it still suffers from slow pace, padding and the other tricks. if you are interested in these serials i recommend the book by william witney, "in a door, into a fight, out a door, into a chase" although there is only a small entry about this series in it.

my very favorite character in films, but in nearly all of them the character of zorro has a small bit of cloth as a mask and if the villain`s can`t tell who is under that cloth then they are daft.but in reed hadley`s "zorro`s fighting legion" (serial 1939) the mask fills his whole face making it a real mystery as to who zorro really is.but anyway zorro is one of the best character`s in films and to bring it up to date l think anthony hopkins in "the mask of zorro" (1998) is a delight.my interest in films is vast, but l have a real liking for the serial`s of the 30s/40s....bond2a

best of the zorro serials and one of my favorite serials, period. this is a period serial set right after the birth of mexico. the new nation is counting on the gold produced by this one town to keep the republic solvent. however a gold god, don del oro is stirring up the indians and stealing the gold for himself. its zorro and his band of men to the rescue. reed hadley is a winning zorro and he cuts a dashing figure as he gets into a nice selection of scraps (most all of which were reused by the later zorro serials as well as other serials as well).the story moves and its nicely not clear who the real bad guy is. there is a reason that i've seen this the most of any serial i've seen, its simply a great action adventure film. the only thing i can compare it to is the mark of zorro with tyrone power or one of the other swashbucklers of the period. its super and highly recommended.

reed hadley makes a better foppish don diego than he does a dashing and daring zorro, but that's almost beside the point because this serial features the bar-none best theme song of any serial, ever -- and the best version of yakima canutt's famous stagecoach stunt. there are other good stunts, and lots of action, and plenty of hair-raising cliff-hanger chapter endings, but if for no other reason, you must see this film to watch the stagecoach stunt, then re-watch it in slow motion. it is incredible, and, despite the lower budget for this chapter play, yak turns in a better take on the stunt here than he did in the far more celebrated film "stagecoach." indiana jones, eat your heart out: this is the real deal!

if you are a fan of zorro, indiana jones, or action in general this is a must-see. directed by republic's ace team of william witney and john english, and starring reed hadley as don diego/zorro, this serial delivers! i won't bore you with the plot (who cares? less talking, more fighting); what really matters here is hadley's superb interpretation of the character/s and the stunt work of dale van sickel and yakima canutt. ***stunt spoilers follow ***you can see the influence this film had on lucas and spielberg -- zorro gets caught in the original version of the star wars trash compactor in one chapter, trapped on a rope bridge a'la temple of doom in another, does a raiders horse-to-coach transfer and even flees through a tunnel while the baddies knock over a huge water tank and flood the tunnel behind him, exactly as mola ram does to indy in temple of doom. in addition to all this, the whip action is great as zorro disarms villains, swings to safety, etc. with his trusty lash. most of the sword work is fair to lame, except for chapter one, which features a terrific sword brawl in a cantina choreographed by sword/stunt legend ralph faulkner, who makes a rare screen appearance as the evil rodriguez. this was the first serial i ever saw, on matinée at the bijou when i was a kid and i have been hooked on them ever since. zorro's fighting legion delivers "z" goods!

god! zorro has been the the subject of about as many movies as tarzan, and probably had about as many actors in the title role. this serial is one of my own personal favourites, and as previously stated,it is one of the top 5 sound serials. oddly enough, this is one production that came out in that water shed year of 1939.* by the time of this production in '39, zorro was really well known as a (pulp) literary and movie character. the film opens up with a little foot note about the history of the mexico's struggle for freedom from rule by a european monarchy, namely spain. the story invites comparison with the american revolutionary war.the story concentrates its attention to the mythical province of san mendelito and its 'council'. it is being addressed by benito juarez**on their gold mine's relation to the new republic of mexico. gold shipments must get thru to mexico city.don francisco uncle to diego vega, states that he has organized a group of patriots to act as a protective force for the gold convoys.a thug from the don del oro mob, stages an 'insult' to himself and challenges don francisco to a duel with swords, don frasncisco getting run through.suddenly the dark clad masked swordsman appears to sword fight and after carving the trademark 'z' on the face of the bad guy, he dispatches him to the hereafter. don francisco declares with his dying breath to his ward ramon (william corson) that zorro is his nephew from the city of los angeles. he also attempts to tell of the true identity of don del oro, but expires before completing statement.there is a big reception for diego at don francisco's hacienda, where diego disappoints ramon'sister (also ward of don francisco) with his timid act. "a fop!!", she declares.later,diego and ramon slip away to join up with a meeting of the volunteers. when they ask, "who will lead us with don francisco now dead?", ramon declares "zorro, we are zorro's fighting legion!" well there is a big battle with the legion, now all clad on gray, with masks and capes, protecting the gold train. then zorro seems trapped at a man-made avalanche intended for the convoy, when, well, you know cliffhanger end of chapter one.wow! that was a lot of writing for one chapter, but like most other serials, the opening one is longer and has a lot of ground to be laid to set up the story line. let's just let it suffice to say that there are 11 more good, well made, action filled chapters following.zorro's fighting legion has all of the elements that made for top cliffhanger action. we have an unknown evil leader who is fomenting trouble between different groups. there is a number of suspects as to who was really behind of the mask of 'don del oro'. we had soldiers, renegade whites, hostile indians and the legion.in short, it's safe to say that there is everything one could want, and then some, in this serial. and, incidentally, they wisely choose to not have the actors affect any mexican accents.as to just what is there here that makes zfl stand out from the rest? what makes it different or unique? well........first of all, it has a much more elaborate and exciting musical score playing and underlining the drama and action on the screen. the opening theme even appears in a flamenco guitar rendition at the cantina in chapter one. this is probably the only time that such a highly specialized innovation appears in serial sound track.and yet there is one more feature that really sets the fighting legion saga out in front from all others. that is, the film not only has a heroic musical theme, but it also sports lyrics, yes, the legionairres sing! we hear them singing in the opening credits and in several chapters! it really works well and adds to the feelings we get from the viewing.when the serial was first shown on our local television (circa 1955), all of the gang immediately recognized the voice of reed hadley as belonging to 'captain braddock from racket squad, the tv series. mr. hadley had a very distinctive, deep voice.*** he also handled the role very well. his costume and especially the elongated mask looked very good and was probably very functional.there is a small slip up. a sort of minor anachronism occurs by having benito juarez(carleton young)addressing the san mendelito council, as juarez was about 18 years old at this time (1824) and, though he was later perhaps the greatest single figure in mexico's history, he surely hadn't achieved such prominence yet. his inclusion in story probably was to cash in on the release of warner brothers' juarez that year, which starred paul muni in the title role.this is not only my pick as a top 5 sound serial, but also my favourite zorro film.* we are reminded of the great crop of top flight movies that year, what with gone with the wind, mr.smith goes to washington, the citadel, juarez, the wizard of oz, of mice and men, one million b.c.,zenobia, we want our mummy all counted among the output that year.** once again, juarez did not ascend to any national importance until around 1850, about 25 years later. also, the political sub-divisions are referred to as 'provinces' in the story. in actuality, they are called 'states'. just as we are called the united states of america, so too,south of the border they call their repubhlic the united states of mexico.*** reed hadley was prominent in some very 'a' pictures in which his richly toned voice is exploited to good effect. watch & listen for his narration in the house on 92nd street (1945) and guadalcanal diary (1945).

i rank this the best of the zorro chapterplays.the exciting musical score adds punch to an exciting screen play.there is an excellent supporting cast and mystery villain that will keep you guessing until the final chapter.reed hadley does a fine job as don diego and his alter ego zorro.last,but certainly not least,is the great directing team of whitney and english.

i loved this exiting republic serial! the story was one of the best i have ever seen! even tough, the picture quality was not of the best, but ok. the fencing in this serial is also a bit bad, but not terrible. they only should have practised some more. as i said the story is great! you're just sitting there and waiting to find out who don del oro is! the theme music is excellent! it's the same guy who maid the music for walt disney's version of zorro, who maid the fightin legion music. costumes and buildings are very good. zorro is really cool and so are the legioners! i highly recommend this serial. buy it! i love that reed hadley plays zorro! he is funny, smart and brave! mark: 6.

as serials go "zorro's fighting legion" is one of the best action serials of the 1930s. made in a period when the studios could still field a large cast, this one has wall to wall action throughout its 12 chapters.in 1824 the president of the newly formed republic of mexico benito juarez (carleton young) is trying to put his new country on a solid financial footing. to that end, he has arranged to have rich gold shipments forwarded to the capitol from the local san mendolita mine.members of the local council plot to steal the shipments on behalf of don-del-oro a gold armored god, who with the aid of the local yaqui tribe, hopes to install himself as the ruler of mexico. opposing him is don francisco (guy d'ennery) who forms a legion of locals to aid juarez. when don franciso is murdered by don-del-oro's men, a stranger, the fopish don diego (reed hadley) arrives in town. diego aka zorro takes over the legion with the help of his friends ramon (william corson) and juan (budd buster). the token heroine of the piece is ramon's sister volita (sheila d'arcy).both diego and ramon hold seats on the local ruling counsil. it soon becomes apparent that some of the other members of the council are in league with don-del-oro. first there is the chairman of the council (leander de cordova), the head of the militia manuel (john merton), chief justice pablo (c. montague shaw) and gonzolez (edmund cobb). zorro suspects that one of these men is don-del-oro, but which one?what follows are several hair raising escapes by zorro and his confederates from the followers of don-del-oro. we have the ever present collapsing rope bridge, the deep chasm between two cliffs over which only zorro can jump to safety, and the usual assortment of explosions, fires and coaches and wagons crashing or going over the cliff. hats off here to republic's fine team of stunt men lead by the legendary yakima canutt and the yrigoyens, bill and joe. canutt performs his signature stunt jumping on a team of runaway horses and then falling beneath the coach which he repeated in other films including john ford's "stagecoach" the same year.anyway, zorro finally unmasks the false god don-del-oro and restores peace to the valley before riding off into the sunset in chapter 12.others in the cast include jim pierce, curley dresden and charlie king as don-del-oro's hence men and if you look closely you may spot bits by future serial star and lone ranger clayton moore and stuntman canutt in bits. "big" jim pierce by the way, may be best remembered for playing tarzan in 1927's "tarzan and the golden liom" (1927) and for his marriage to joan burroughs the daughter of tarzan creator edgar rice burroughs.thoroughly enjoyable.

there have been several films about zorro, some even made in europe, e.g. alain delon. this role has also been played by outstanding actors, such as tyrone power and anthony hopkins, but to me the best of all times has always been reed hadley. this serial gives you the opportunity to see an interesting western, where you will only discover the real villain, don del oro, at its end. the serial also has good performance of various actors of movies b like ed cobb, ex- tarzan jim pierce, c. montague shaw, eternal villains like john merton and charles king, and a very good performance of hadley as zorro. he was quick, smart, used well his whip and sword, and his voice was the best for any zorro.

this movie is really not all that bad. but then again, this movie genre is right down my alley. sure, the sets are cheap, but they really did decent with what they had. if you like cheap, futuristic, post-apocalyptic b movies, then you'll love this one!! i sure did!

i watched the movie while recovering from major surgery. while i knew it was only a "b" film, a space western, i loved it. it may have lacked the flash of high dollar productions it non-the-less held my imagination and provided great escapism. sadly our society has so much available, discounting small attempts is too easy. in the same way that i can enjoy a even a grade school performance of shakespeare, i can appreciate many levels of achievement for the art sake. i am a cop and found affinity with the retired lapd. dreams like his haunt me that i will be unable in the moment of crisis be able to respond to save another's life (or my own). while it was a romantic ending where farnsworth did take out the bad guy (predictable) i needed a little happy romance where good can triumph. my world is really too cynical.

the question is, can a movie this entertaining really be considered a "bad" movie? my husband and i picked this up at a used video store for 99 cents simply because of the title and the fact that the box had the words "vestron pictures" on it (vestron has been highly regarded as a mark of quality ever since i first acquired the legendary films "suburbia" and "class of 1984"). we were not expecting a movie as full of win as this one was. your basic plot as is follows: grange, this goombaesque thug from planet earth, robs "the bank of the moon" and is sentenced to a penal colony on a remote planet (i don't even remember the planet's name) to mine for bauxite and other minerals. the "governor" of said colony and the owner of the mine are exploiting the prisoners for labor. walker, a bounty hunter (apparently one of only three on the whole planet) reminds the prisoners that there is no escape, because there's only one shuttle out of the whole planet and they'd have him to deal with. then there's the nameless "colonel", a retired bounty hunter who suffers from a haunting reoccurring nightmare. much of the movie centers around "futuristic" car chases (dunebuggies with plywood slapped to the sides) with explosions galore. the planet itself looks suspiciously like hemet, ca or one of those other dusty inland empire outposts. but what makes the movie truly shine is a surprisingly awesome soundtrack featuring several la punk bands of the mid-80s. i seriously doubt that this soundtrack was ever pressed to vinyl, but it's definitely worth buying the movie just for the soundtrack. i can't even remember the names of the bands (they're listed in the credits) other than exploding white mice, because that was the only one i'd heard of before i saw this movie, but i'm definitely looking into them.basically, the movie is definitely not a waste of your time and would be best enjoyed with a 12 pack of beer and a few of your closest friends.

"the shooter" was a different type of film for michael dudikoff. although normally associated with action flicks that incorporate martial arts, this film , because it was a western, enabled him to display that he is a far more capable actor than certain formula story lines have allowed.the major problem, of course, is that the film does not allow any solid character development. the fleshing in is really left to the viewer . we can only guess at the sadness that has made the shooter, whose real name is michael atherton, the killer that he is- a killer, mind you, that a little town, terrorized by a local bully, welcomes as a hero who can release it from its misery.

star rating: ***** the works **** just misses the mark *** that little bit in between ** lagging behind * the pits mike atherton (dudikoff) is peacefully making his way in the wild west when he spots a group of men mistreating a lady. being a gentleman, he naturally steps in and puts a stop to this and in doing so kills the son of a nasty enforcer. this is just the beginning of a all guns blazing battle to the finish from which there will be only one winner.m dudikoff is an action star who's never truly managed to take off with me. maybe i discovered him too late and after the other film i saw with him in it last monday, the human shield, it was just another dud (ha ha) added to the list. but i have a thing for westerns, being films that just sort of transport me to a different time and place and provide real escapist entertainment and with this dudikoff has picked one of his better scripts, as his films go anyway.the film hits a few low points in the shape of a naff central villain, sounding like a blank marlon brando and some generally ropey acting from some of the cast, along with the obligatory cheap looking sets. but if, for some strange reason, your life ever depended on watching a dudikoff film, this would be one of your best choices. ***

i feel this is one of the best movies i've seen,i'm an older male and love most westerns. i love movies based in part at least on facts,if i am not mistaken this is such a movie. i also like revenge type movies,this qualifies there as well in my opinion.some of my favorite parts of the movie were the opening scene with the whipping and the barn shooting scene. i felt the corral beating scene was a little overkill but did not affect how i feel about the complete movie. i saw what i think is a continuation of this movie in a gun smoke episode. i also enjoyed that.i recommend taking the time to watch this movie ,i will watch it again. i also felt the romance parts of this movie were well played. i thought it was so out of character for randy travis to play a villain type ,but i always enjoy his acting.

action, horror, sci-fi, exploitation director fred olen ray shows he has some talent as a director. character actor william smith is one of the best tough/bad guys in the industry. he treats the viewer with the best acting performance of his career. as for randy travis he gives his best lee van cleef impression. he's not bad in the film. smith and travis make the movie. as for the rest of the cast none of them really stand out. ray did a great job directing this flick, smith and travis were good, i'd give this b western on a scale of one to ten(ten being the best) a seven.

peaceful rancher robert sterling is on the losing side of a range war with his ruthless neighbors, that is until notorious outlaw robert preston shows up out of the blue to level the playing field. soon he begins to go too far, feeding a growing sense of unease in sterling, especially when his son begins to idolize the wily criminal.the sundowners is a tightly-paced, gritty, and surprisingly tough little picture with a great performance by preston. here, he comes across as an evil version of shane, that is until the real nature of the rancher and the outlaw's relationship is revealed. most movie guides and video boxes spoil the surprise!rounding out the cast is chill wills, jack elam, and the debut of john drew barrymore, who became more famous for his offspring than his acting.

the summary line above, spoken by james cloud (robert preston) to his brother tom (robert sterling) just about says it all. jim, aka kid wichita, has a way of making things happen, only trouble is, he usually leaves dead bodies where he's been. not the sort of mentoring tom envisions for younger brother jeff, who likes what he sees in jim, especially when defending their ranch against local texas cattlemen.the opening credits state 'introducing john barrymore jr. as the younger brother', in this his very first screen appearance. that seemed rather odd to me, particularly since he was addressed as jeff almost immediately into the story. approximately eighteen at the time of this movie, he bears a passing resemblance to sean penn. no stranger to personal and legal problems throughout his career as well as estrangement from his family, i was left wondering if his daughter drew barrymore might have ever seen this picture. i'm inclined to think not.on the subject of resemblances, i was also struck by the thought that the young robert sterling looked a bit like roy rogers early in his career. knowing sterling previously only from his role as george kerby in the early 1950's tv series 'topper', i thought he looked out of place in a western, but that might just be me. his character becomes emboldened by his brother's resourcefulness at creating trouble, and provides some of the edginess to this not so typical story. minor subplots abound, including the relationship rancher john gall (john litel) has with his son the sheriff (who kid wichita kills), and the troubled marriage between kathleen boyce (cathy downs) and her husband earl (who kid wichita kills). chill wills rounds out the main cast as one of tom cloud's hired hands, and figures in the somewhat predictable finale.what's not quite predictable is how things eventually wind up there, and for that reason, this western earns points for following a less traveled, hence not quite as formulaic a plot as a lot of good brother/bad brother westerns do. combined with the eclectic casting of the principals, it's one i'd recommend, even if you have to endure some of the jump cuts and sloppy editing that i experienced with my copy.

it begins with several of the principles on a stage run to albuquerque. gabby hayes(juke, sounds like duke) is the driver and begins his usual tirade against women in general, with his girlfriend pearl being an exception. he then relates a garbled version of the biblical story of samson to justify his retention of long whiskers against the wishes of pearl, who is the town barber, no less, and who claims if everyone followed his example, she would be out of business. this point will return to dominate the last scene in the film. gabby seems an irritation to some reviewers, but is a definite plus to this one. it's too bad he wasn't in more of the better randoph scott westerns to help lighten up randy's usual iron-jawed demeanor. also on this stage are randy(cole armin), his future wife(cathrine craig , as celia wallace), whom he is getting acquainted with, and a little girl(myrtle), to whom he soon becomes a hero when he rescues her from the runaway stage after it is held up by henchman of randy's wheelchair-bound uncle john armin(george cleveland), who essentially runs the town.randy soon learns that his uncle, and by extension, himself, is not exactly popular among the town folk. he does, however, quickly form a useful friendship with gabby. after he learns that uncle john was responsible for the stage holdup of his business competitor, celia wallace, and the associated murder, he demands that uncle john return the money and decides to work for celia and her brother ted(russell hayden), instead of for uncle john. as his rival's prospects rise, uncle john decides to plant an informant(barbara britton, as letty tyler) in the wallace office, to keep him informed as to when they are delivering ore from the mines to town so that he can sabotage their run. when this doesn't work, he resorts to the draconian tactic of staging an arson of his own office, for which randy is blamed. unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, randy was in letty's apartment confronting her with suggestive evidence that she was tipping off uncle john. myrtle and letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. this puts him and letty in the dog house with celia(his apparent beau) and ted(who hopes to woo letty). this news also ends uncle john's trust in letty as an informant, and he suggests she leave town. instead, she switches sides and tells the wallaces why randy was in her apartment. uncle john tries once again to sabotage their ore run, and when that fails, there is a general shootout in town. you can guess the results.the plot is well constructed and executed, with complicated relationships between the principles, and with a variety of obstacles for randy to overcome, with the sometimes aid of his associates. at least, randy was spared the necessity of bringing his uncle to justice. uncle john had a choice to avoid assassination, but arrogantly trusted that a woman wouldn't have the guts to carry out her threat. the presence of hayes and two beautiful wholesome single women, as well as little myrtle, much helped to lighten the otherwise tense atmosphere in this battle for survival, as uncle john put it.it seems odd that barbara britton, the "bad" girl, gets top female billing over catherine craig, randy's love interest. barbara's on camera time was much more limited. those who grew up on the lassie tv series featuring george cleveland as "gramps" will be surprised to find him playing such a mean controlling villain. we may wonder if his wheelchair-bound status has a bearing on this persona. this leaves him with few options for making a living in the wild west. without apparent family to help support him(except randy), he can't afford to have some upstart beat him out of the most profitable business in town. on the other hand, from his conversations, he probably achieved his status as the town "boss" before becoming wheelchair-bound.

randolph scott is heading into albuquerque to take a job with his uncle. however, on the way there, the stage is held up--even though they are not carrying a strongbox. however, a nice lady on board is concealing $10,000 for her and her brother's business...and the robbers seem to know this.once in town, scott goes to this uncle about the job. however, he soon learns that this uncle is a jerk--the typical bad guy from westerns. you know, the rich guy who only wants to become richer by cheating and stealing and threatening until he owns everything. and, it just so happens that this jerk was behind the robbery. scott demands that the uncle returns the money and then scott goes into business with the nice lady and her brother.not surprisingly, this is not the end of the problems---just the beginning. again and again, intrigues of various types occur to try to crush the uncle's opposition. one trick is to bring in a pretty lady to befriend scott and his partners. she's a crack shot and it looks bad for scott--until he figures out why she's come to town.unlike most later randolph scott films, this one shows scott as a bit more headstrong man. all too often in his films he's the last one to suggest violence, but in this film he's quick to suggest a lynching (screw the law, let's have a hangin') and later he's quick to threaten the uncle. what a surprise to see him as such a hot-head--though in most other ways, he's the same old scott you'd expect.as far as the film goes, there's nothing particularly unusual about it. gabby hayes plays the usual character, scott is a hero, the baddie cannot be reasoned with and ultimately is destroyed and scott gets the girl. despite this very typical plot, it's all handled very well and as a result is well worth your time.by the way, there are two weird scenes in the film. first, late in the movie, there is a fist fight between scott and the uncle's #1 henchman, lon chaney, jr.. in it, chaney smokes as he fights--something i never saw before and i did admire how he could puff away as he got his butt kicked. second, get a load of that runaway cart scene with the whip--now that was one impossible feat!

sterling and younger brother try to survive on land, being squeezed by big cattlemen. when 'rogue' brother preston arrives, a moral dilemma ensues. john 'drew' barrymore steals the show as the younger, impressionable brother-barrymore shows signs here that he could have been an acting powerhouse. moves at a nice pace to an exciting climax.

albuquerque is a film that has all the elements of a class a western, except one: the story, that really belongs to a class b or c. that was acceptable at the time the film was made, when people were so thrilled to see a western in color, but nowadays it just looks very primitive. nonetheless for people who enjoy old westerns, it is entertaining, the original color and sound are very well kept on the dvd that recently came out. gabby hayes is a good sidekick, lon chaney is mean as always, and randolph scott a bit more cheerful than usual. in a film named albuquerque you would expect to see something that would remind you of the city, but the town that is shown here could be just anywhere.

according to the book the last of the cowboy heroes which is about joel mccrea, audie murphy, and randolph scott, the author says that albuquerque was the only film he personally did not review because he claimed it was lost. hadn't been seen in years.good thing for western fans somebody was doing some spring cleaning at paramount because a print was apparently found and now it's out on the open market. albuquerque is a pretty good western too with scott involved in a family feud with uncle george cleveland.george cleveland sends for his nephew randolph scott with the intention of making him part of his freighting business, headquartered in the fast growing settlement of albuquerque. cleveland is more than just a business owner, he's the town boss which he runs from a wheelchair. he even has the sheriff in his pocket. randolph scott is not a cowboy hero for nothing. that includes not backing relatives up when they're villains. he goes to work for a rival outfit headed by brother and sister russell hayden and catherine craig.cleveland is full of all kinds of tricks and he even sends for a western mata hari in the person of barbara britton to worm her way into the confidence of his rivals. barbara's great as the homespun vixen who develops her own agenda.randolph scott's original home studio was paramount, it was where his first studio contract was with. albuquerque marked the last film he ever did for paramount and they gave him a good one.note also lon chaney, jr., who is george cleveland's chief henchman, a rather loathsome bully of a man and gabby hayes, who is just gabby hayes.albuquerque must have been loved by republicans across the nation in 1948 with its chief villain as a town boss who rules from a wheelchair. a certain democrat from a wheelchair had made hash of them for four straight presidential elections and he was gone. they had high hopes of winning the white house that year too, but things went awry and they had to settle for an ersatz boss getting his comeuppance in albuquerque. i'm not sure why cleveland was in a wheelchair since nothing was really made of it in the plot. my guess is he was injured and played the part that way because he had to.still albuquerque must have had great appeal to the gop market.

this is one of those westerns that, well, stands practically alone in the unrelieved quality of its dialog. very few can hold up to it over the long haul. that said, the rest is pretty bad. nevertheless i am giving it an eight because there is no other western with such consistently good dialog with maybe the exception of the wild bunch, junior bonner, and perhaps a few more. it is riddled with weaknesses, john drew barrimore the most glaring. however it does have one truly memorable scene. nothing like it. its right after kid wichita kills the sheriff, and goes to jack elams place trying to goad him into a fight. wonderful stuff. right up with the best in any western.

in the hollywood west those trail hands were a rough bunch who when they came to town, partied pretty hardy. after all trail driving was a lonely business back in the day before railroads got to all parts of the usa. the drovers who worked for trail boss gil favor as played by eric fleming were no different. but fleming was a man of all business, he had a job to do and hired a top crew to do it. with the long run of rawhide and the fact that the regulars stayed with it for the most part, we got to know all the drovers at some point. a some point story lines were focused around all of them, though the bulk were with fleming and clint eastwood's character rowdy yates, the number 2 guy with the herd.clint eastwood's western image was molded by rawhide, it's a shame that these are not shown more often. probably because they were done in black and white. had this been an nbc show, this would have been done in color like bonanza and be running as often as those shows are. we'd get to see a lot more of a man who became a move legend.ironically enough it was eric fleming who left the show before it closed to do films. he did a few them and was hoping the show would give him a bankable movie name. sadly he was killed on a movie location doing an action film, drowned in a river. had he lived he might have become a name like eastwood's.clint took over as trail boss in the last season and then the show completed its run. and he of course became the icon he is today and not just in the western genre.rawhide was a tough western who had some tough guys in it. no frills in this one, these were working cowboys just doing a job and battling the elements and whatever situations they were thrown into every year.they really don't make television series like these any more. what a pity.

currently on metoo's new schedule at 4 pm on weekdays, right after "maverick" and right before "wild, wild west" (followed by "star trek").don't know if i ever actually saw an episode of it when it was originally on, but i'm really captivated by it. offbeat, unusual, surreal stories set in a mythical west. kind of the "naked city" of westerns.and the guest stars are there: dan duryea, lyle bettger, brian donlevy, macdonald carey, rick jason (as a treacherous mexican), a young dick van patten, jack lord, noah berry, jr. (as a colorful mexican), martha hyer, marguerite chapman, even ann robinson ("war of the worlds"), gloria talbott ("i married a monster from outer space")it ran for eight seasons, over 200 episodes, from january, 1959, to december, 1965.eric fleming is quite remarkable as trail boss gil favor, the most stolid man that's ever lived, with the code of honor of a samurai, and just the right balance between toughness and open-handedness. i would vote for him for president any day. (p.s. he had a very interesting biography: http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0281661/ )and a young clint eastwood is quite striking as his impulsive right hand, "rowdy" yates. also, veteran western actor and country music figure (the immortal "one-eyed, one-horned, flying purple people eater") sheb wooley is there as seasoned scout pete nolan. and paul brinegar makes the most cantankerous character of a cook you could ask for as "wishbone".and then there's that great theme song, performed by the immortal frankie laine. (between that and the "maverick" theme, i've got western theme songs running through my head all day.)i look forward to every episode; i'm collecting the whole set. a good time (not to mention a moo-ving experience) is always guaranteed, as one waits to see if the boys will get their difficulties straightened out before the commercial."rollin', rollin', rollin' . . . "

it ran 8 seasons, but it's first, in early 1959, and it's last, in the autumn of 1965, were shorter than seasons 2-7. cbs chief william paley canceled rawhide's production after watching the 1st show of season 8, in september, 1965, because he disliked the series without eric fleming as gil favor, who had departed after season 7. the last new episode aired in november, 1965. the lone 1966 cbs broadcast, on january 4, 1966, was a rerun. i have often wondered why rawhide didn't switch to color filming for it's last season? most of the big westerns of the 1960s had gone over to color by 1965. cbs was broadcasting in color that autumn, for many of their sitcoms, but westerns like gunsmoke and rawhide remained in black and white. gunsmoke was the last western (and last prime time network series to switch to color) on september 17, 1966, for the episode snap decision.

rawhide was a wonderful tv western series. focusing on a band of trail drovers lead by the trail boss gil favor. most episodes - especially from the first 3 seasons were really character studies of favor and his men. guest stars came and went but unlike wagon train they seldom dominated the episodes they appeared in. rawhide was a true, gritty western and gil favor stood out as a memorable character never to be forgotten. thanks to eric fleming's performance the show became a massive hit. of course he was ably supported by a wonderful cast of good actors - clint eastwood, sheb wooley, paul brinegar, steve raines, james murdoch, rocky shahan, robert cabal. all of these actors left their mark in a piece of television history. rawhide captured the flavour of that time of the west that no other series has for me, as yet anyhow, managed to do so. later seasons tended to split the leads and give them individual story lines. for me some of the time this didn't work - the cattle drive and the regulars provided the best stories. however there were still some classic stories and rawhide remained top drawer affair. the black and white photography added to a bleak, realistic feel that other western series seldom managed to capture. rustlers, indians,commancheroes, beautiful damsels in distress, serial killers, they all showed up to give our heroes problems. the end came for the series quietly when the final season was axed less than half way through. the reason - eric fleming had departed and rawhide was now a head without a body - the gritty realism was gone, gil favor commanded respect and exuded authority - he was never infallible and this made him all the more interesting. we shall not see his like again. watch an episode whenever you can, they seldom disappoint.

