because that is the only way you won't think this film is a total waste of time and money. a remake of "heaven can wait", (which was at least worth watching) is a poor excuse for a romantic comedy. it is more a vehicle to give rock some time on film for weak stand up comedy which doesn't play well on the big screen. especially because his jokes generally are supposed to be from the body of an old, fat, rich, dead man but are shown coming from rock himself. as he insults blacks and whites the chemistry is all wrong. the movie is not funny, poorly shot the acting is weak at best. go rent "heaven can wait" and a live rock video and you'll be way ahead of the game.

i was in physical pain watching the eyes of the cast as they participated in this sham. bad dialogue, worse (worst) acting, lifeless all the way, and the cast knew it. the two preceding movies which this attempted to copy had life, sparkle, and were captivating.

irritating, illogical flow of events. pretty much every joke is so simple that it can hardly be regarded as one. no wonder the cinema was empty and people actually walked away, yes away. i stayed, since i was enjoying a wonderful ice-cream with nuts during the whole movie.

i did not expect much from this film, but boy-o-boy, i did not expect the movie to be this bad. chris rock is not showing a good act here, you can't get the feeling that his caracter is real, i think the movie would have been a bit better if it's drama or romantic scenes would have been a less part of the movie and more/better humor was involved. the movie is like the film makers were having a bad hangover making it. in the "making of" they don't show a single smile. this is a very bad film! i gave it three out of ten because of few smiles it gave me, but i did never laugh!

i like chris rock, but i feel he is wasted in this film. the idea of remaking heaven can wait is fine, but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely. when eddie murphy remade dr. doolittle and the nutty professor, he re-did them totally -- so they became murphy films/vehicles, not just tepid remakes. that's why they were successful. if chris had done the same, this could have been a much better film. the few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film. it also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly. so why does hollywood keep making junk like this? because people go to see it -- because they like chris rock. so give chris a decent script and give us better movies! don't remake films that weren't that good in the first place!

spoilers hereinmy high school did all they could to try and motivate us for exams. but the most memorable method they used to get us into the right state of mind was a guest speaker, who was none other than australian kickboxing's favorite son, stan "the man" longinidis. the first mistake they made was giving this guy a microphone, because he was screaming half the time despite us sitting no more than 3 or 4 feet away from him. now, his speech was full of the usual "if you fail to prepare, then prepare to fail" stuff, but there were various instances where i got really worked up. the guy stood there in front of us preaching how throughout his life he did everything for himself and no-one else. he was offered many deals in the past to give up kick-boxing, but he never took his eye off the prize of becoming australia's greatest kick-boxer. he said that he wasn't a sell-out, he was happy and a retiree, he wasn't ever involved in any other activity other than kickboxing… then he plugged his film. yes, you heard right, he plugged his new film. as he talked about it, he got a woman to come in and hold up a poster advertising it, and then he showed this shitty 4 minute clip of this vile film called "trojan warrior". (this all being before he was defeated by gurkan ozkan in his final career fight (for now))stan plays ajax, a kick-boxing ex-special forces agent that is pulled into the seedy underworld of melbourne. ajax's cousin, theo (arthur angel) recently sold out (well, at least stan didn't stray too far away from everything) to the feds, and as a result is on the run from all walks of organized crime. ajax and theo get into all sorts of ridiculous situations, from fighting in a kebab shop to posing as playboys at a bondage party. it's all pretty ridiculous, but if silverstein was actually aiming to make a credible film here, this man should never be handed a camera again. i'll admit, i was actually pumped to see this. i love action films, even if they're corny, and especially if it's set in my own backyard. but what i was introduced to was a film with acting that was appalling from the word "go", and continued to do so after the words "for the love of god please make it stop!", subplots were introduced and not even touched on again after they were out in the open, characters were just thrown in for absolutely no reason whatsoever, and the most over-choreographed fight scenes that didn't even remotely reflect stan's actual talent in kickboxing. the cast consisted of useless cameo appearances by just about anyone remotely famous (dermot brereton, mark "chopper" read and greg matthews). the whole time you're sitting there and playing the guessing game of just who is standing there in the background. too bad the movie relies heavily on split-second appearances by former celebrities. remember those plot-holes i told you about? ajax once upon a time was apparently locked up, wrongly accused for murdering his wife. now, we hear that ajax was in special forces via one single sentence in the whole film, and then leave it for buggery. this is followed by another single sentence which persuades ajax to help the same people who wrongly locked him up. then, get this, at the end, it is revealed to ajax that his wife isn't actually dead, but was sold into prostitution. do we see her? no. does ajax go off to find her as soon as he hears this? no. now that's a marriage! amidst all this irritatingly puerile crap, some website described this film as "…a cross between jackie chan & guy ritchie…". has this man ever sat down and watched a jackie chan film?! chan shows more dexterity taking a dump than stan did doing…, well, anything! and guy ritchie is the crime-film messiah, and you're comparing him to salik silverstein!? this film is more like a mix between "pizza" and "enter the ninja". now, where do you thing the whole "trojan warrior" title comes from? ajax's fierce fighting skills like that of an ancient greek warrior? no. the gangsters' unification to find theo, like that of the trojan empire? no. it's because… wait for it… theo carries a condom around with him. yes, that right, because theo is always prepared with a trojan brand rubber in his pocket, he is a trojan warrior! i had the displeasure of seeing "trojan warrior" on dvd, as well as it's "special" features: • video clip of "chop chop", a rap song by mark "chopper" read: chopper did this for the sole purpose of proving that anyone can rap. the funny thing was chopper just rapped for 30 seconds and then threw it over to these two albino teens from doncaster, using such words as "dis" and "dope" etc in their australian accents. face it people, rap was developed in the states, leave it there! the clip looked like something a channel 31 cameraman on ecstasy put together. • bloopers: there was no real difference between these and the actual film. • stan "the man" longinidis kickboxing featurette: this wasn't too bad, considering it was just 6 or 7 different fights shown from different angles (i think i saw dennis alexio fall over about 15 times in that 3 minute montage).i don't want to say this film contributes to the reason this country is going to hell when it comes to film, but... oh wait, i just did. my advice to anyone reading this is for you to go out and buy 4 or 5 copies of "trojan warrior", tape them together, and use it for a paperweight, because this movie is just that damn bad.

this movie was horrible. i swear they didn't even write a script they just kinda winged it through out the whole movie. ice-t was annoying as hell. *spoilers phht more like reasons not to watch it* they sit down and eat breakfast for 20 minutes. he coulda been long gone. the ground was hard it would of been close to impossible to to track him with out dogs. and when ice-t is on that hill and uses that spaz-15 assault shotgun like its a sniper rifle (and then cuts down a tree with eight shells?? it would take 1000's of shells to cut down a tree that size.) shotguns and hand guns are considered to be inaccurate at 100yards. and they even saw the reflection. what reflected the light?? i didn't see a scope on that thing. also when he got shot in the gut and kept going, that was retarded he would of bled to death right there. plusthe ending where he stuffs a rock or a cigarette in the guys barrel. it wouldn't blow up and kill him. the bullet would still fire kill ice t but mess up the barrel.

ice-t stars as mason a homeless african-american who finds himself hunted by wealthy hunters (rutger hauer,gary busey,charles s. dutton, f.murray abraham,william mcnamara and john c. mcginley) however mason proves to be much harder prey then the usual targets in this ridiculous and slow paced actioner which takes too long setting up actionscenes and then totally botching them.

this movie could have been so much better with a script rewrite. not that i expect a great deal of plausibility in movies, but you'd think that even the homeless and urban-dwelling jack mason would question why a group of experienced hunters would want to hire him as a hunting guide. and upon reaching the hunting grounds, poor ice-t plays his part as if he is actually going to lead these men through woods he's never seen before.and how does jack mason find thomas burns back in seattle?i'm assuming this movie was based on richard connell's short story "the most dangerous game." a few years ago i showed this movie to a class of 9th grade students after they read the story. i reedited the movie, cutting out all the pointless scenes and all the profanity. it ended up being 43 minutes long.

had the original casting idea been kept (hunting rutger, not ice-t), this movie might have worked. sadly, racism had to come into the picture (literally) and mess it up. the predominantly black production staff couldn't allow the antagonist be black, so they swapped rutger's and ice-t's roles. this was only the start of the downward spiral of this film. ernest dickerson's news-room approach to 'directing' only verified that this was another affirmative-action job assignment. master shot, close up, close up. gads, 'who's line is it anyway' even uses more creative camera work. eric's rewrite of 'the most dangerous game' is at least an attempt at modernizing the classic tale, but fails to give us any motivations for why the characters are doing this. we are never given the reasons, other than "no one will miss these people", why the leader (re-written as rutger) does these things. aside from a heart-felt performance by john mcginley, and a fair job by charles dutton, do not bother with this one. one small bit of trivia, there was a real drunk-driving accident during filming that injured f.murray abraham, and resulted in the death of the intoxicated young driver that caused the accident.

johnny and jeremy are vampires of sorts. minus the fangs, of course. they're dark, bitter creatures with nothing better to do than to spread their own misery. through their charms (namely a sharp tongue and a fat wallet, respectively) they seduce desperate souls, who they proceed to torment and victimize. that's more or less the basis of this black comedy, as i understand it.it's not a blend of black humor that i can easily subscribe to, partly because it bothers me to imagine the audience rooting for the sleazy, main character. i did enjoy, however, the sound and the melody of the rapid-fire (and supposedly very witty) remarks. i was very impressed by the cast's strong acting, particularly david thelis's; only the character of jeremy seemed too bi-dimensional. the photography and the music, both dramatic and somber, work very well together. what really turns me off about "naked" (and the main reason i'd never recommend it to anyone) is the way it repeatedly seems to present misogyny as a valid way to vent one's angst. in other words, in a world that sucks so bad, what difference does it make if one inflicts some pain on girls, right? to suggest (as some have on this website) that johnny is not so unkind a person because he's not as rough on girls as jeremy, seems completely absurd to me. they're both terrible, nasty people. and they're particularly keen on hurting women every single time they get a chance. one could argue that johnny eventually gets what he deserves, as if his bad karma suddenly swung straight back and bit him in the ass. but still, his and jeremy's sadistic behavior are treated to a certain degree as a laughing matter. and i could be wrong, but i'm guessing that most people who absolutely love this movie also find that aspect of the film darkly comical.

just emailed a friend who's in film school about this flick. something to avoid when making a film - characters blabbering senseless, overwrought, convoluted monologues on screen that are ultimately trite and unconvincing. if the film is an attempt at social realism, these verbal barrages are so over-the-top that they actually draw attention to the film constructed as film and effectively neutralize that intent. is it the acting, or the script that is bad, or both?the protagonist is also highly unbelievable for social realism - ravenously consuming canonical english literature and the bible while high or hungover and able to produce such profoundly sophomoric soliloquies while intoxicated? and how is such an unattractive, unwashed and verbally noxious character able to bed most of the women he meets within minutes of encountering them? (i had to applaud when one chick finally threw him out onto the street, despite his whining and self-pitying banter).the viewer encounters pretentious references to ancient greek literature, nostradamus and the book of revelations. the impending doom of mankind, in the form of bar codes imprinted on our foreheads or right hands in spooky biblical fashion, is presented to a character who is oh-so-cleverly exposed in his role as a guardian of empty space. this flick is over-scripted and over the top - a melodrama clumsily infused with pedestrian "philosophy" about the meaning of mankind, life, etc. it is trite, overwrought and tedious.there are some very fine english films available with content similar to this film. "nil by mouth" is an excellent, far more interesting excursion into the lives of individuals in a similar social milieu. ditto for "in the warzone." and although the comparison is not even warranted, check out anything by peter greenaway, who far more deftly handles dialogue, wit and absurd characters and situations.

i really must watch a good movie soon, because it seems every other entry or so is something that i despise. however my history speaks, i must not tell a lie. bobby deerfield and everything about it sucks big green banana peels. i never thought that i would see a film thud as thunderously as this one did. al pacino isn't acting in this film: he's posing. there are many, many scenes of his character, who is a race car driver, just staring at the camera. he's perfectly awful. marthe keller is just as bad. these two are supposed to be in a love affair, and there is simply no chemistry whatsoever. sydney pollack directed this film? there's no trace of the genius behind tootsie here. is this the same man i cheered for in eyes wide shut? i can hardly believe it. save yourself a horrible movie experience. run, don't walk, away from bobby deerfield.

from beginning to end, this is the most emotionally overwrought movie about nothing i have ever seen. the characterizations and interactions between the title character and marthe kller's character are pure torture. the racetrack as metaphor gimmick is so overplayed that it borders on cliche, yet director pollack treats every hairpin turn as if it were something profoundly important.maybe there's some value for a msft3000 re-playing of some of the scenes, such as pacino getting in touch with his inner female, for goof value. but, even such accidental humor is hard to find in this total turkey.

