story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig. starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy. a formal orchestra audience is turned into an insane, violent mob by the crazy chantings of it's singers. unfortunately it stays absurd the whole time with no general narrative eventually making it just too off putting. even those from the era should be turned off. the cryptic dialogue would make shakespeare seem easy to a third grader. on a technical level it's better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great vilmos zsigmond. future stars sally kirkland and frederic forrest can be seen briefly.

robert deniro plays the most unbelievably intelligent illiterate of all time. this movie is so wasteful of talent, it is truly disgusting. the script is unbelievable. the dialog is unbelievable. jane fonda's character is a caricature of herself, and not a funny one. the movie moves at a snail's pace, is photographed in an ill-advised manner, and is insufferably preachy. it also plugs in every cliche in the book. swoozie kurtz is excellent in a supporting role, but so what?equally annoying is this new imdb rule of requiring ten lines for every review. when a movie is this worthless, it doesn't require ten lines of text to let other readers know that it is a waste of time and tape. avoid this movie.

when you go at an open air cinema under the greek summer night you usually don't care what the movie is! edison started really good with some good effort from the singers-who-want-to-be actors and a once again great morgan freeman but... (in a movie there is usually a good start to catch audience,done, a bit boring yet story filling middle of the movie that is more about characters and less about action ,done, and the third part is something really good so that you can remember the movie...) when you see 30 elite police officers (packed with weapons that can demolish a building) shoot at a guy behind a car, fail to hit him even once while he kills all (but 3) and then the guy takes out a flame thrower (to kill the rest 3) ,you realise that the greek summer sky filled with stars is way too good to be distracted by a movie like this!

ok so i hear about this new justin timberlake movie coming out which features some pretty big names. i mean great actors like, the freeman aka morgan freeman, an asset to hollywood, however completely wasted in this film. then we got kevin spacey, who i've been a great fan of ever since i watched american beauty and the usual suspects. both of these great actors probably signed on to the movie thinking it was going to be a great movie as i did when i heard the story. then enter a fresh faced justin timberlake. i say fresh faced because this is his first movie and those rotten tomatoes haven't hit him yet. well the reason for that , i might add, is because no one will ever see this movie or even bother reading this review. the movie is so terrible that when i got into the first 15 minutes of it. the characters were so one dimensional that it makes some bible characters look like the don corleone. they got the one liners and sound-bite worthy stuff. the token troubled black guy (ll cool j) who is with a gorgeous woman who he otherwise would not even belong with in real life. the captain is this short whiny guy who speaks in such a high tone. and what crappy movie would be complete without the hero becoming richer because of an experience. oh and lots of gun fire, i mean a whole lot. spoiler(not!!!) the kind of gun fire that leaves everyone in the police force who's crooked dead and the hero prevails. they got flame throwers and rocket launchers, really no kidding.bottom line if you want to see edison its because you are a great fan of one of the actors, or a great fan of justin timberlake, to all the 13 year old girls out there, enjoy!! i wish i had more hands, because then i would have more thumbs, because this movie is so terrible because then i could give it so many thumbs down that thumbs down would no longer mean anything because this movie is so terrible because it sucks so badly that it made me laugh out of frustration about the story line because it just would not end because the firing and yelling just kept happening.may g*d have mercy on us all and save us from these terrible movies. well it could be worst, another rnb terrible actor turned singer turned terrible actor is usher, hehe check out in the mix lol, or even get rich or die trying'. now the special thing about that movie is that its got 30+ year old men, playing 16 or even younger teens. i could go on with these.

i stopped by bb and picked up 4 zombie flicks to watch over the weekend. now, i understand that the effects will be cheesy, the acting will be sub-par, and the sets will be suspect. so i'm not expecting much. but it should at least have a story. stories don't cost a thing except time.....apparently, they didn't have any time either."zombie nation" had 5 zombies that appeared near the end of the movie that all looked like new wave hookers. the picture of the zombie on the front cover never appears in the movie. it was absolutely agonizing to watch and had nothing to offer the genre.the running time is only 81 minutes but it felt like 2 hours. according to my wife (who could only hear the movie since she was on the computer in another room), it sounded like zombie porn....which if you think about, sounds kinda gross.....but it wasn't even that good.the only suggestion i can make is that maybe the writer tried to do too many things and ended up with an incoherent mess.it ended up being a free rental and i still feel ripped off. i rated it a 1 out of 10 because imdb won't allow me to use decimals.

not worth the video rental or the time or the occasional efforts.*makeup that a child can do. *acting was over done...poor directing. *editing was very choppy...many things made no sense or just seemed gratuitous. *sound was badly dubbed. *music was highly inappropriate. *casting was extremely off...must have been on crack. *zombies that talk let alone...drive, dance, work...just pisses me off. *and the bad guy...holy crap! as horribly casted as he was...he was the best looking zombie of all. which doesn't say much.the cover art was good but very deceiving...as was the main menu of the dvd...great artwork and music.don"t bother!

thank god! i didn't waste my money renting it but i downloaded it! this happens to be the worst movie i have ever seen in my whole life, f*****g visual effects, unnecessary gore and nudity! far apart from other zombie movies like night of the living dead and others. there are lots of loop holes and mistakes in the movie. ok if you get time after reading this comment, please check out the director's(ulli lommel) profile. after seeing that i got a self explanation why the movie is like this, i mean every movie directed by ulli lommel gets a rating between 1 and 2. and now am not willing to search what kinda movies these are directed by him, but i can finish all this by saying one strong sentence. even for fun or time pass or even at an extreme bored situation please do not watch this movie.

usually i support independent art and i try to be very comprehensive and tolerant...i tend to support everybody, because their efforts are worth...but this movie just moves away from all comprehension and tolerance limits!imagine the following situation:1. think about the really worst horror movie you have ever seen in your life so far.2. think about some great, attractive art for that movie's dvd box...and a promising plot...3. voilà! you got zombie nation.see it only if you really don't have anything else better to do. anything is better.

notice i have given this 1 star if the option been given i would have given this zero. as i put this dvd into my tv and sat down on my couch i was expecting some of the worst film making at its finest. i looked this movie up on imdb and saw that it was the worst rated movie so i guess i came into it critical of every mistake. but it didn't prepare me for the crap that was about to spew from my television screen.the box makes this movie out to look well ok at best. do not let that fool you. this movie needs to be banned from all shelves around the world.the best way i can describe this movie is like porn but without any sex scenes in it. the acting (if you can call it that), the "plot" (so many holes must look like swiss cheese), and the special effects really are just terrible.please do not be like me and rent this movie because you think it will be funny to watch.in the end i'm not saying i can make a better movie than this, but i am thinking it.

comparison with american graffiti is inevitable so save your money and time by renting that timeless classic. speaking of timeliness, there was an episode of cheers where norm and cliff competed on who can find the most anachronism in a movie. they would have loved this movie everything from some of the songs and some of the clothing were wrong. there were sly reference such as 'they paved paradise to put up a parking lot'. the filmmakers hoped to elicit some smiles from us but basically made me groan.the characters in this movie are incredibly politically and socially astute for teenagers. almost as smart as the people who were in their thirties and forties when they wrote the darn movie. very little of what the characters said were believable. combine the bad writing and bad acting this movie just totally fail. although, there were two exceptions kelli williams liven things up as the future flower child and, despite what another reviewer said, rick shroeder was quite good. showing that brooding characteristic that would come to full boil in his eventual appearance in "n.y.p.d. blues".

when i spotted that noah wyle and ricky schroder were in the same movie, i was like, score! i admit, i was eager to see the movie. and i have to say, the first fifteen minutes or so were nostalgic in a way. then it went all down hill. i didn't expect it to be a dump of politically correct civil rights mumbo jumbo. they took every possible controversial topic and threw it into one stupid story. i was appalled that noah was involved in anything of the sort, especially his role. nobody with a fully functional brain would actually accept all that crap about the vietnam war. if anyone really wants to know how communism was like, sit down and read a book on it. and not one that praises it or is against it, just the cold hard facts.i only watched a few scenes here and there only because i wanted to see ricky's body, but that was all that interested me. everything else about this movie irritated me.

no wonder most of the cast wished they never made this movie. it's just plain ridiculous and embarrassing to watch. bad actors reading cheesy lines while shiny classic showroom cars continuously circle a diner that looks more like a disneyland attraction. students fist-fight with the deranged principal as he tries to stop them from setting fire to a bronze civil war statue. the watts riots with a cast of...ugh...10?? dermot mulroney tries not to gag while he makes out with a mary hartman look-alike with the most annoying smile since 'mr. sardonicus'. noah wyle reads bob dylan lyrics to the wicked teacher with a swinging pointer and very bad face lift. drunken virgin rick schroder sits in a kiddie rocket on his last night before entering the service. silly, giggling school girls dress up in leopard stretch pants and walk on the set of 'shindig', sing horribly off key, and actually make it big in the music business. and who wrote this compelling dialog?: "i'm going to burkley and wear flowers in my hair"...."i think i found someone to buy stick's woody!"...."these people are 'animals'!" "these people are my 'family'! as the shirelles sing "mama said". oh brother, what a mess. this is like a 'reefer madness' of the 60's except it's not even funny.

i saw this back in '94 when it was finally released. apparently because orion pictures was in bankruptcy, i think, the movie had not been released a couple of years earlier.i have problem remembering details partly because i haven't seen it in a long time, but i do remember it as a very dull movie. i kept debating whether to walk out of it. the store was not at all interesting or engaging. was a 3rd rate america graffiti imitation. none of the performances make it worth watching either. one of the biggest disappointments since a local newspaper reviewer gave it a high rating.

an updated version of a theme which has been done before. while that in and of itself is not bad, this movie doesn't reach the ring like the other "inherent and pure" evil ones do. predictable, ambitious attempt that falls short of the mark. not worth sitting through for the tired contrived ending.

this is a typical "perfect crime" thriller. a perfect crime is executed and the investigating police officer, ignoring all the clues, immediately knows who guilty is. the audience has to wait around the whole movie for the guilty to be caught. the result is like every single episode of "columbo" or "murder she wrote". the director himself refers to the hackney story by showing the police officer watching an episode of matlock! this story barely fills up 90 minutes but the director insists on using all 120 minutes filling with every cliche in the book. skip this one, you are not missing anything.

murder by numbers is one of those movies that you expect is made-for-tv but isn't. considering the only actor of any note is bullock (although michael pitt seems to be moving onto bigger and better things), it isn't a great surprise that this movie quickly fades away from memory to be replaced by more important things. like... remembering to lock your front door when you go out. or putting clothes back on when you come out of the shower.bullock plays cassie mayweather, a cop with personal issues (don't they all). together with her new partner (a wet-looking ben chaplin), she is called to investigate the murder of a young woman. nothing unusual there except that the perps are a couple of teenage students who think they've planned and executed the perfect murder. as the investigation continues, a battle of wills emerges between cassie and the main suspect richie haywood (ryan gosling).the crippling issue here is that the two leads are hopeless. bullock, though she is very nice to look at, is about as believable in the role of a hardened cynical cop as rodney dangerfield (actually, he'd be better!). chaplin, for his sins, is a complete non-entity and i feel sorry that he has to put this film on his cv in his attempt to break into hollywood. at least gosling and pitt, as the conniving sneering suspects, acquit themselves adequately. as if dodgy leads weren't bad enough, a story that would send anybody to sleep and a highly predictable (but illogical) ending shoot this film in the head before it has a chance to run."murder by numbers" has absolutely nothing going for it, even a pointless nude scene by bullock wouldn't redeem it. well, just a little but still not enough to save it. forgettable, predictable and redundant - this is one film that isn't going to move the cop genre forward. as cassie probably says on her next case, there's nothing to see here people. move along, keep moving...

well, the writing was very sloppy, the directing was sloppier, and the editing made it worse (at least i hope it was the editing). the acting wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good either. pretty much none of the characters were likable. at least 45 minutes of that movie was wasted time and the other hour or so was not used anywhere near its full potential. it was a great idea, but yet another wasted good idea goes by. it could have ended 3 different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood ending. and what wasn't predictable was done so badly that it didn't matter. the ending was not worth watching at all. sandra bullock was out of her element and should stay away from these types of movies. the movie looked rushed also. the movie just wasn't really worth seeing, and had i paid for it i would have been very mad. maybe i was more disappointed because i expected a really good movie and got a bad one. the movie over all was not horrifibly bad, but i wouldn't reccomend it. i gave it 2 out of 10 b/c i liked the idea so much and i did like one character (justin i believe, the super smart one). and it also had some very cheap ways to cover plot holes. it was like trying to cover a volcano with cheap masking tape, it was not pretty. anyway, if you see it, wait for the $1.50 theater or video, unless you like pretty much every movie you see, then i guess you'll like this one.

at first the movie seemed to be doing great, they had the characters profiles set...the plot seemed to be going in the right direction... however, as the movie progressed it seemed the director focused on the wrong kind of things...or just a lot was edited from the movie. the characters' identities changed for the worse within the movie. also, there seemed to be a lot of implicit meaning -- in other words -- they had things within the movie that didn't seem to fit the movie itself. and the title... no where in the movie does the title fit the movie...i suppose the title works for the previews.... actors did well with what they had.....if they had a better director and writer, maybe this would have worked out better. but it didn't. so now there's a new terrible movie coming out this friday.... my opinion!....don't waste your time or money.

this movie looked as if it might be good at the beginning, but never fleshed out to it's expectations. the director is talented and has some good camera angles and artistic ideas (typical of the asian directors), but doesn't know how to create or tell a good story to go along with it. the story was fragmented and seemed to go off in all sorts of different directions throughout the film, never finding a solid, explainable, interesting angle. basically, the movie never fit the explanation on the press releases. the acting was very good, however. all the actors gave good performances, and jude law was outstanding as he is always is. it is too bad he chose to do such a weak film.

jude law gives his all in this beautifully filmed vampire flick which offers little else of value. completely lacking in eroticism, excitement, or leading ladies with appeal. one decent fight, a few moments of mild suspense. and a one-note plot.the movie waxes philisophic in a series of conversations between law's character and a dogged homicide detective, well played by timothy spall. but despite their best efforts, both actors are staked to the cross of the film's banality.with a lesser actor in the lead role -- and without the benefit of oliver curtis's cinematography -- crocodiles would blend into the sea of low-budget vampire quickies.

i love all types of films, especially horror. that being said, survival does not live up to any of the hype surrounding it.i can't give it any points on originality. there is nothing wrong with exploring the same themes, or remaking what others have done. it has just become a cop out for indie films to take us on a slasher journey through the woods, a crazed killer, and as of lately, throw in some crazy family. on those lines i have to compare it with the likes of texas chainsaw, wrong turn (though the twist in that one is obvious), and others. survival falls up way short against comparable films. the plot was just not original in any way. some films can get by with a weak (and way over-done) plot with superb acting, special fx, or a slew of other factors. survivial doesn't have any of that to bank on. if you will, note the following: the acting in the movie never took off. i don't knock or blame the actors for that, nor the director. the dialogue was at best mediocre, and the actors involved never showed (not saying didn't have) the talent to pull it off. i mention 2 standouts. the leading man in this film certainly has the look, but i seriously thinks he needs to consider more training before he is ready to carry a film. the actor who portrayed greg also had potential, but we never got to see any of it (watch the movie to see why, you won't believe it..).the grainy film look. ah yes, that little tid-bit of film making magic designed to take us to the glory days of "grindhouse" films. in today's film making, that has become a gimmick. it either works or it doesn't. in this case it just does not work. there are too many other flaws going on, so it winds up distracting from the film, not adding to it. that being said, i think they did a good job of adding that grain. that is some good, quality grain. i think with a different script, better direction, and possibly actors, they should try another "grindhouse" attempt. they will probably pull it off.as far as the tech aspects, in my opinion, they never quite gelled for me either. better care could have been taken with audio (sounds like it was fed directly into the camera, but there is nothing wrong with that) and for being shot on dv, it was too soft for my taste.that is all i have to say about that.....

this is an incomprehensible horribly low budget piece of awfulness.i don't even have the vocabulary to say how dire, turgid, boring, confusing, and just plain strange this effort is (hey what d'ya know i do....) set in a post-apocalyptic america some guys meet on a beach and slaughter and chaos ensue - it was all so incomprehensible i couldn't make head or tail of any of it.seriously how this got picked up by national lampoon totally defeats me: it really is awful.and not in a its so bad it's good cult way.it is just awful, awful, awful, awful.honestly. if you still don't believe me then watch it with every intention of loving it then come back here and tell me what you think. even gerbils on acid couldn't hope to understand this.avoid or even better destroy...

this movie was made by a bunch of white guys that went to school together. well there's nothing wrong with that, except it looks like it was made by a bunch of white guys that went to school together. 90 percent of the cast are white males about same age. it's almost like watching a bunch of guys at boys camp who turned the camera on themselves. the movie has no plot. it simply repeats the same action of blood bath after blood bath. there are some funny scenes and comedic bits. but they don't redeem the flat monotony.the graphic cartoon scenes are used to cover the stuff that was obviously beyond their budget or resources to do, and not done very well at that. anything that can't be done with white guys running around on the beach covered in blood is done with cheap animation.i went to see this film after seeing the trailer, which makes it look like a tarrentino piece. well, the trailer scenes are as good as they ever get. ther rest of it just repeats the same kind of mundane, inane comedy. it works at times, but it gets boring after the same stuff comes at you over and over. it's more like a string of satuday night live skits than a movie. it's a hit-you-over-the-head-with-it kind of comedy. i can see where the story idea is intriguing. but, in this film post apocalyptic america is much like medevil england. in fact wheatlry says the story ideas came from that era. he plans to make a part 2. i guess he thinks he's tarrentino or maybe doing a parody thing.at the opening in la, wheatley mentioned he will bring back pretty much the same cast in part 2. he was asked if he might consider a more diverse cast in the next one, to which he replied, well yea, sure.

this is the biggest pile of crap i have ever watched. do not rent! the makers of this movie should be band from ever making another movie. it starts with some what of a plot, then fades fast to nothing. i think i would rather watch paint dry then to as much as looking at the cover. the actors were awful, the plot faded fast, filming left to much work to be done. not one good thing to say about this crap movie. if you rent this movie you will waste your money. i really enjoy national lampoon movies, but this was a waste of time. learn to write, learn to act, learn to produce, and learn to direct. i feel i should sue these a-holes that made this movie for money wasted on rental cost and time lost.

i work as a hotel concierge in washington dc and take my word, there was nothing remotely accurate about the character played by michael j. fox- # 1 we simply do not walk around with our pockets bursting with theater tickets and $100 bills! #2 if i ever let anybody use a room for some 'afternoon delight' time i'd be fired on the spot! the organization to which i belong (les clefs d'or) has very definite standards of ethics and conduct that we take seriously. #3 similarly untrue was the concept, at the end of the movie, of doug simply removing his gold key emblem and passing it on to some other employee- we earn those keys and it is a badge of honor and knowledge to be allowed to wear them. there is a whole application and vetting process to joining our organization.this film does nothing to dispel the unfortunate perception of a concierge as nothing but a money grubbing mercenary. in short it does a disservice to our organization. i welcome any comments.

i expected alot from this movie. kinda like lee as a naustradamous like caracter but instead all i got was a waste of time and a boring movie. i can't even explain this movie. it had wooden acting, terrible script from pieces from the bible like hurricanes, tidal waves and earthquakes. but that was at the end! the rest of it i had to wait and hope that something meaningfull would happen but it didn't. this movie is about a couple that tries to find out the changes going on in the world like places in china where there was an earthquake and end up at a convent run by eight nuns and a priest. the convent end up being the key to the misshappenings. the whole movie is missleading and boring. one of lees worst.

this movie is mostly crap and the only reason this movie is worth watching is because jean-claud vam damme stars in this movie.there are some good action scenes in this movie and the best ones are at the end of the movie.the acting in this movie is so bad and its the worst acting i have ever seen and the 2 actors bill goldberg and michael jai white can not act at all.and this movie by far has to be one of jean-claud vam dammes worst movies he has done and if u what to watch him in one of his great movies u should watch blood sport,kickboxer or sudden death.over all this movie is crap/ok and my rating is 4 out of 10.

i tried to watch this movie twice and both times i still couldn't make it to the end credits. first time i managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest. second time i managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting, lame sfx and extremely poor direction. pales in comparison to the original.anyone ever hear about the old et atari 2600 fiasco? for those who haven't let me fill you in. it's 1982...et is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. to cut a long and financially painful story short the game flopped big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of atari 2600 et games to be dumped in landfills because they couldn't even give them away let alone sell them.what does universal soldier: the return have to do with this story? look at the 3.2 rating and figure it out for yourself.awful film...imdb forced me to give it a 1 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as low as 0 let alone into the negatives.

characters you don't care about, relationships you don't care about and you sit through all that to see the ending you knew was coming from the start. julia roberts usually leaves no impression on me one way or the other. she was actually somewhat endearing in this role.

i found this film to be an utter dissapointment. the talent available to the director- notably stanley tucci, chris walken, hank azaria and alan arkin (without even mentioning the four main leads)- have been completely wasted on an unfunny, mediocre story, whose conclusion one couldn't really care about once introduced to the dire, stereo-typed characters. julia roberts is feeble, zeta-jones is just plain annoying (appearing to reprise her role from high fidelity, minus the humour), crystal just plays his same old hyper-active, neurotic, annoying alter-ego and cusack simply walks through his part, apparently bored with the whole project.for what is supposed to be a 'romantic comedy', there is absolutely no romance between the central characters, let alone chemistry, and as for the comedy- (possible spoilers)well, the only moments of mild humour came off the back of cusack's role in grosse pointe and his relationship with alan arkin- the scriptwriter obviously unable to show any originality whatsoever. (spoilers) azaria was reasonably amusing as the mexican lover and walken did quite an amusing turn as a parody of an arthouse-maverick-dogme type director- but these parts constituted very little screen time and instead (spoilers) we were treated to billy crystal having his groin sniffed by a dog. pure genius.for a huge fan of the majority of john cusack's work, not to mention the rest of the fantastic cast, i was completely let down by a film with plenty of good ideas, and at the same time completely unwilling to explore or elaborate on any of them, instead resorting to the same old genre cliches and even lowering itself to the depths of almost 'gross-out, teen-movie' humour at times.a very poor 4/10.

billy crystal normally brings the crowd to laughter, but in this movie he and all the rest of them cannot bring any smile on my face.... or perhaps just one. they call it comedy, i say it's a waste of my time.

in fact, it never was. i'm not sure why billy crystal wanted to recreate a 1940s screwball comedy. what a vacuous shambles! none of these people come close to a cary grant, spencer tracy, katherine hepburn, etc, and anyway, today's audience isn't as receptive to this facile muck. writing is trivial. the hackneyed plot is razor thin and obvious. the chemistry between the leading characters is non-existent. it's interesting that julia roberts seems to think she's a reincarnation of some big star from the "golden age of hollywood", whenever that may be. it's an effect she tries and fails to attain yet again with richard gere in runaway bride.

just okay film about a woman who is a twin having disturbing visions of her sister in danger back at home. she then returns home to find all is not well and that she is going to have to find out what happened to her sister and why.this is the sort of thing that kind of almost works but doesn't quite. i can't really put my finger on why it didn't work but it was good enough that i kind of wished it was better, or at least had gotten the little things right- like having the girls who play the twins in the flashbacks be closer in size. i think perhaps thats whats wrong with it there are lots of little things that just are wrong.

so the wife and i just finished it despite several threats from both of us to turn it off. for the most part boredom was the worst part of this movie, there was just very little excitement. the acting was atrocious, to the point where we actually chuckled several times during some of the worse scenes (the church lady for example). the dead sister was using paranormal means to contact her living twin, although rather then send useful information she focused on trying to scare the hell out of her instead which looked a lot like the ring. rather then get the police involved -- which i'm sure those earplugs she found would have dna all over them -- she instead devises a horrible plan to 'get' the man who covered up the accidental death of her sister. i call it a horrible plan because in the end she allows him to kill her too, which the movie then fades to black. bad dialog, bad acting, bad ending.

this movie isn't worth the film it was photographed on. the dialog is flat, filled with cliché overused lines and delivered by amateur actors who sound like their reading a script for the first time. the choppy, shaky, film style is a cheap imitation of the "the ring" style visual effects. the characters do not even act like a normal person would. for example, the character who is looking for her twin sister at her home forces her way through the front door, creeps around the house all frightened and sobbing and she doesn't even once call out her sister's name to see if she is home. what? you would think she had just buried her sister instead of searching for her. way too many flashbacks to her childhood. too many unnecessary flashbacks is a typical sign of an amateur director. it is actually funny watching the numerous shots of the woman driving her car down the street, up the driveway, around this corner, over here, over there, oh a side view, now a front view. enough already. you would think you are watching a tv commercial for the solaris! terrible movie. 0 out of 100. i really pity anybody who spent money making this film or to watch it.

this was a movie about infidelity and revenge. a twin with the "twin" connection senses that something is wrong with her sister. this movie took forever to establish the plot. a plot that has been done many times. the acting was lousy for the most part. once the plot comes together, the movie ends. laura and ashley are twins that live with an abusive father. the father seems to favor ashley, so laura gets the blame for everything. there is a promise made that the girls would never be apart, but as they grow up, their lives go in different directions. ashley gets a job in a diner where she meets barry, a married man. of course no good can come of this. the fact that barry had tinnitus was a poor excuse for a way to track him down. i kept waiting for this movie to get better and for there to be some resolution somewhere, but it never happened.

for a film with so much promise it was disappointing, thinly plotted and the acting ranging between horrendous and unbelievable.the plot had more holes in it than swiss cheese and it's the worst clichéd ending i've seen in a movie for some time. the final scene would have ripped my heart out, if the entire movie hadn't been so painful to begin with. i was numb! from the very first scene - one was left wondering, if the sister was trying to reach out to her twin for help, or simply scare her to death which would have been better for the audience and saved us from two hours of the worst acting i've seen to date. it was a horror in the true sense of the word.

you can't really go far when the initial story isn't all that great. the premise of cyborg's needing blood is just dopey.the script is blasé'. the actors don't have much to work with. the sets were staged out in the desert to cut costs. it's a trademark that if the background is the desert, then the movie has no budget.lack of budget is okay, if there's a story. "solarbabies" and "blood of champions" are examples of decent work from no $. but this movie looks as if they had to scrape their change together just to buy the cameraman a sandwich. again, forgivable if only the story didn't just plain suck.finally, this movie commits the biggest crime of all: it doesn't finish! it simply ends as if it's a commercial break away from the rest of the movie. but the rest never comes. just odd.just bad.

there is a word for this sort of film, and that word is "drivel." it was drivel when it was a vhs rental, and it's drivel on satellite re-runs now.it might fool you, because it has 2 moderately well-known names in kistofferson and henriksen, reasonable soundtrack music, and nice monument valley scenery.it also has some curly haired woman who fights a lot.if that's all you want from a movie, then maybe this will keep you happy.it's still drivel, though.

this movie will promote the improvement of the mind. read a book! it's incredible anyone would think this movie deserved the time and investment to make. i've seen "b" movies before but the "c" movie has just been invented. i didn't think i would ever enjoy power rangers since my kids stopped watching but i found myself looking for the videos fifteen minutes into "knights." high school productions are better than this and the actors involved should erase this from their resume. embarrassment is one of many descriptions that come to mind. my roommate, who loves these types of movies even turned it off. now that has to really tell you something. if you watch this movie, and like it, i will pray for you.

i tuned into this thing one night on a cable channel a few minutes after the credits ran, so i didn't know who had done it at first. the longer i saw it, the more i started thinking, "jesus, this looks like an albert pyun flick." wasn't quite sure, though, for two main reasons: the photography was quite good (and the utah desert scenery was beautiful), and scott paulin gave an hilarious performance as simon, a murderous cyborg, but with some style and a sense of humor. paulin must have ad-libbed the many clever one-liners he shot out, because albert pyun hasn't written anything even remotely funny or coherent in his career. unfortunately, paulin doesn't have all that much screen time before he's gone, and the movie's the worse for it. lance henriksen, playing the evil head cyborg, growls his way through his part, as he's done in countless other movies like this. i don't know what the hell kris kristofferson is doing in this thing; maybe he wanted to see what the utah desert looked like and get paid for it. he goes through the movie looking (and sounding) like he just woke up, and in fact spends most of the last half of the movie on his back in a tent. kathy long, the nominal hero, has a great body, is attractive, has a great body, fights extremely well, has a great body, and doesn't have an iota of acting talent, but that doesn't matter in a movie like this. this being an albert pyun film, it's full of the trademarks that we've all come to know and love: inane and idiotic dialog, choppy editing, and the impression that they lost a reel in the middle of the picture and figured, "ah, nobody'll ever notice."as bad as this movie is, however, it's a shade above most of pyun's other efforts--this is "citizen kane" compared to his brain-numbing "adrenaline: feel the rush", for example. the fights are pretty well done, if repetitive (after she knocks down eight or nine guys one after the other, you find yourself saying, "alright already, go to something else"), and long is very athletic (and, as a previous poster has noted, has a great derrière). it's not a good movie by any stretch of the imagination, but it's not anywhere near as incoherent and incompetent as pyun's usual extravaganzas. you could do worse than rent this movie--not much worse, granted, but worse nonetheless.

in the ravaged wasteland of the future, mankind is terrorized by cyborgsrobots with human featuresthat have discovered a new source of fuel: human blood. commanded by their vicious leader jōb (lance henriksen), the cyborgs prepare to overtake taos, a densely populated human outpost.only one force can stop jōb's death marchthe cyborg gabriel (kris kristofferson), who is programmed to destroy jōb and his army.in the ruins of a ransacked village, gabriel finds nea (kathy long), a beautiful young woman whose parents were killed by cyborgs ten years earlier. now she wants revenge. they strike a pact: gabriel will train nea how to fight the cyborgs and nea will lead gabriel to taos.five-time kick-boxing champion kathy long has all the right moves in this high-speed adventure that delivers plenty of action. also stars gary daniels (as david) and scott paulin (as simon).

this is one of the two postapocalyptic fantasy movies that albert pyun made in 1993 - and it's the bad one. apparently all his energy went into "nemesis" which was an entertaining non-stop action movie, and had a much more expensive look. "knights" is clunky and cheesy, a bottom-of-the-barrel sci-fi that too often resembles a video game (new opponents pop up all the time and must be exterminated as quickly as possible). the only thing that saves this movie from the trash can is kathy long; not a particularly attractive woman, but undeniably a brutally efficient fighting machine. as for kris kristofferson, considering his age at the time (58), i hope his stunt double was well paid. (*1/2)

the first half of this movie is a pure delight. novel. funny. wonderful performances. a close knit brother and sister living in manhattan fall for the same woman! adult. bright. witty. what more could you ask. as a romantic comedy this starts refreshing. it heads into unexplored territory. and then it falls apart.it goes from being a universal adult comedy to a coming-of-age coming-out-of-the-closet story that has been done many times before. what a disappointment. as a people film it begins with such promise. why does it need to turn into such a pedestrian "i am who i am" film. the freeze-frame ending shot of heather graham's jumping in the air to celebrate "her happiness at finding herself" underlines the banality of the last part of the film.it could have been different. it could have been magical. it ended up being the same old same old.

this is one of the worst movies i have seen this year. you should not see this movie but if you insist on wasting your time you should stop here, there are spoilers. gray matters centers on gray and sam baldwin (heather graham and tom cavanagh). only gray and sam are brother and sister; living together in everyone else's eyes as man and wife. no sex but just about everything else. early on, the movie starts with its theme: 'the most absurd thing at the most absurd moment with you guessed it the most absurd reactions'. gray and sam decided to check out the dog park with a borrowed pooch. rather then push her brother to get the skinny on first woman they see for him, she does it and gets to the nitty-gritty questions too. when she signals her brother to come over they start a 3-way date. charlie (bridget moynahan) is the girl of their dreams, like all the right things etc sam final hits gray over the head and the couple finishes the date with a marriage proposal! that charlie accepts! in one week charlie, gray and sam are to be in vegas. in the next week charlie and gray are off shopping for wedding gowns (apparently charlie has an off-the-rack figure). gray is slurping an iced latte when charlie suggests gray tries on some gowns as well and picks out a $10,000 frock for her. while charlie is zipping her in this 'down-payment-on-a-house' gown gray continues to slurp on the latte (i swear it was like a feed bag). what should happen but 'woops!' latte all over the gown. it is never explained how they got out of bloomingdale's bridal salon with out a $10,000 mocha colored gown. back to 'reality'  caesar's palace las vegas. they have the 'high roller room' (sam is a resident surgeon and charlie is an intern zoologist  were do they get all this money?) gray kicks sam out to the single room down the hall so she and charlie can have a bachelorette drink-a-thon were, you guessed it - they kiss. gray remembers everything; charlie remembers nada. they make it to wedding chapel and right when the reverend gets to his line "if there is anybody is here who has any objection whatsoever to the union of these two lovebirds" gray gets the hiccups. gray excuses herself, for some reason the reverend must repeat his last line and right on queue again 'hiccups'. gray gets back to ny and starts dating any man she meets, literally. and of course one is you guessed it again! gay. the other is a jerk and the third is a taxi cab driver (alan cummings) named gordy. he is smittened with gray but the feelings are not returned. they become great friends. this is good because when she comes clean with sam about the kiss. he blows up and kicks her out of their apartment. when sam comes to his senses he goes to her office. gray works at an ad agency. this office is smack in the middle of the twilight zone. it has cameras and microphones in all the conference rooms that broadcast to all computer monitors at the agency. sam gets gray in one of the conference rooms for a not-so-private conversation and ends up outing her to the entire office. this is where i doubt that there was a gay man or lesbian on the crew: gordy comes to her rescue and convinces her to go to a lesbian bar. 'sorry no men' says the bouncer. so gray and gordy return with gordy in drag. bad drag. he was in a sleeveless black satin-like blouse, a string of pearls, and a grandma's church hat. no lesbian would ever confuse this 'man in a dress' as a drag queen much less a woman. the bar was also the straight man's fantasy of what a lesbian bar is: full of victoria's secret models. everything turns out peachy  she goes home with her firm's client. gray happens to be on the woman's account and finally does more then kiss. for some reason no one tells charlie anything and she is oblivious through the whole movie of this kiss with gray, but that is for the sequel.

i wish i'd known more about this movie when i rented it. i'd put it in my queue on the basis of heather graham and her strong cred as an actress (imho). while parts of the movie were charming, much of the movie felt contrived, undeveloped, or otherwise just boring or predictable. not to mention the ick factor of so many people thinking the sibs were a couple... i don't care how big a part of the story line that is, it still felt a bit, um, gross. and charlie, for a zoologist, she certainly doesn't seem to be very attuned to signals from other homo sapiens. what was it about her (besides her hotness and some common interests) that made gray fall for her? the story could have been so much more interesting with a little more depth. high points - molly shannon (although i do agree with the reviewer who found her annoying on occasion), the cabbie in drag, and the dance sequences (if sam & gray were such great dancers, i wish we'd seen more of that, as the bits we were shown were indeed better than most of the rest of the movie). could have been better.

i had to walk out on this film fifteen minutes from the end... having passed through the cringe stage and into pure boredom. what really horrifies me, i mean truly disturbs me, is that there are people referring to this aimless drivel as 'delightful' or a 'must see.' i would feel deep pity for those so afflicted were it not for the distinct impression that most of the positive comments about this shallow and humourless travesty were written by industry plants.the truth is this is a lame film that does nothing to entertain nor enlighten. it is decidedly unfunny, poorly scripted and has all the pace and energy of cold, canned rice pudding. to be kind to ms kramer, the best one can say is it was a missed opportunity, for having read the synopsis before i watched it, i had expected something more challenging. the possible misinterpretations of a close brother and sister co-dependence, the unexpected awakening of 'sisterly' sexuality, and the comic potential in such sibling rivalry (for the affections of the same girl) were all obvious subjects for refreshing comedic exploration, yet which at every turn the movie frustratingly shies away from.instead, the audience is subjected to a meandering series of uninspired and insipidly drawn situations, with clichéd characterisations and dull performances from a cast struggling for belief and obviously in need of much tighter direction. the lack of directorial control seems astounding; on the one hand, moynahan, cavanagh and spacek all give very pedestrian performances, while heather graham and molly shannon - the latter in particular - veer towards embarrassing over-compensation at times. one could lay the blame for this on the director - maybe sue kramer hopes that if her actors over-act, they will force a bigger laugh from the audience. but then again, the cast is a veteran one; one would expect them to do better.sue kramer really needs to think carefully what kind of movies she wants to make, and for whom. given the possible issues gray matters alludes to, and given her inability or unwillingness to fully explore them in the context of a comedy, perhaps she should consider writing dramas instead. i know it is never easy to make films about women and women's issues, especially when one hopes to reach a wider audience than women alone, but whatever direction she takes, inconsequential and flimsy characters like gray are not going to cut mustard.

sam (thomas cavanagh) and gray (heather graham) are devoted siblings who share an apartment and a love of many things -- ballroom dancing, 1940s movie musicals and, much to their surprise, an attractive woman named charlie (bridget moynahan). historically heterosexual, gray is confused by her new feelings.gray matters proves to be one of the blandest films i have ever seen. it's dull, predictable, unfunny, poorly acted and poorly written. nothing about it felt real and everything was very cheesy. also, this isn't really a romantic comedy with a special twist but more of a "coming out" movie. sue kramer tried to make the first half cute with the romantic stuff and the second half serious with the actual acceptance and coming out part. unfortunately, she failed miserably. the first half was largely unfunny and only heather graham was able to hold it up a little. then, the film took an awkward tone and got all serious. the serious scenes were handled poorly and all of the emotions just felt phony.i guess i would have enjoyed the film a little more if the relationships between the characters felt more authentic. the brother and sister relationship was very weak and they didn't really appear to be that close. their relationship just didn't feel very natural. also, the relationship between tom and bridget felt very unnatural. if two people are going to get married after only knowing each other for less than a week, then you would expect to see a little more excitement but the characters talked about getting married in vegas in the same manner of asking a waiter what the specials are. there was a lack of excitement in the film and it was hard to get involved with the movie with such unmotivated characters.the acting was mostly weak which was a bit surprising given the decent cast. heather graham gave the only good performance in the movie. she was funny and had a few charming scenes but it's too bad that all of her co-stars were complete duds. bridget moynahan was very weak and her performance ringed false on every level. also, it seemed like she was reading her lines. thomas cavanagh was pretty wooden and he showed nearly no emotion. the chemistry between thomas and heather was non existent and that damaged the film because their relationship felt phony. i can usually rely on molly shannon to be funny in a supporting role but here she was just annoying. sissy spacek had about two scenes and she was annoying in both of them. finally, alan cumming just had an embarrassing character and his performance wasn't very good. overall, gray matters is a lame film and it isn't worth watching. rating 3/10

if there has ever been a worse comedy than 'gray matters' i am unaware of it. the new york jewish comedy's 'funny' premise is that siblings sam & gray are mistaken for a couple and so decide to fix sam up with a girlfriend, only to find that gray is equally attracted to their target - charlie. the revelation that gray is secretly gay is apparently only a surprise to her. there is a deeply offensive wedding sequence, a deeply embarrassing 'drunk act' from moynahan and graham, and a performance that would embarrass forests everywhere for its woodenness from tom cavanagh. sissy spacek demonstrates a complete inability to do comedy and will want this excised from her resume. molly shannon plays the homely friend with lumpen insouciance. only alan cumming emerges with any credit but is seriously under-employed and given nothing with which to work. the whole disaster is cemented by graham's bizarre eye-rolling performance culminating with the penultimate scene where she wears a comedy hat and an overcoat despite the scene being set in a lesbian bar. it is astonishing that this film was ever released it has no redeeming feature and should be avoided at all costs.

it was obvious that this movie is designed to appeal to the chick flick audience, to which i have sat through quite a few and enjoyed most. however, this was a very irritating attempt by heather graham to become the next meg ryan ( who became annoying as hell in her own right ). her acting was overdone and it appeared that she was overanxious compared to her colleagues who were relaxed in their roles. this film might have been more, as there was suitable budget for settings, actors and a decent story line. my wife and i both agreed that this was 'muck' at the end, as the film ended on a painful embarrassing high! better luck next time, hope miss graham sticks to the type of films that she belongs in like from hell.

this british pot-boiler has one thing going for it: the young men are uniformly good looking. the older men are opinionated, right-wing thatcherites whose behavior brings back all the acrimony of the reagan/thatcher years. young or old, however, morals in this three-part mini-series are universally suspect and no one comes off particularly well.nick is a handsome young gay man fresh out of oxford. it is not pivotal to the story, but he has an extraordinarily beautiful head of hair which makes watching this drivel much easier. nick comes to london with a friend, whose father gerald is a rich conservative politician, and babysits his sister cat while the family frolics in the south of france. they neglect to inform him that, when upset, cat cuts herself with an assortment of knives and other kitchen implements. nick mistakes their self-serving 'gratitude' for affection and moves in, finding out too late just how much they despise and patronize him. inexplicably, nick lives in this house for four years but, as the plot depends on this point, it's best not to question it.while nick is most pleasing to look at, he is unbearably obsequious. his coy subjection to rich bigots soon had me climbing the walls. deeply closeted except to cat (she guesses his big secret on sight), he does like a little anonymous sex just so we know he is actually gay. though it hardly seems possible, nick takes a lover who is even more closeted than he.supercilious tories scorn and insult the two blacks in the film, so imagine the venom which spews forth when nick's sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid. gerald, in true tory fashion, has become involved in several personal and financial scandals, so the revelations about nick add to his embarrassment. this gives gerald one final opportunity to roundly castigate the hapless boy.except for one brief moment of indignation, nick takes the abuse heaped upon him in silence and tacit agreement. denial, self-loathing, naiveté, or ignorance? you decide, if you can manage to sit through this whole thing without throwing something at the set.

even if you subscribe to the knee-jerk anti-free-trade politics of this movie, it is still just the same tired note, played again and again and again. clink clink clink. even if you can accept a preacher with peroxide hair who advocates a return to first principles, the reverend billy is pretty hard to look at as a serious figure. the clownish reverend is the sort who wakes every morning with no aspiration more ethereal than to see his own face on tv before he climbs back into bed that night. he has a pretty wife, i have to admit, but it would take tons more than that to save this dreary mess of a movie. the interminable bus rides are the worst part--with progress shown--can you guess?--by a colored line moving across a map. aww, you guessed. oh well, it has the virtue of being short. is that the only favorable thing i can say? hmmmm. yep, afraid so.

the intention the directors has for this films are quite honorable, but his history of his productions did get me aware that this might not get much to the core like other film makers would do it. keeping his great 30 days tv series in mind but also counting in his mtv production "i bet you will" that opposes his seriousness in any of the matters he documents and also counting in his rather disappointing production "supersize me" i did not had my hopes up high. sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less. as with "supersize me" after a while i did ask myself what exactly the point of all this was. the main statement gets clear enough after half an hour but the rest of the playtime gets filled with rather pointless stuff and re-repeating stuff that were already shown in this way or another earlier in the movie, so it wears out and gets extremely boring towards the end.

this film is just another distortion, among many distortions, on the so-called 'sins of consumerism'. please note that 'reverend billy', an actor (bill talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the 'sins of consumerism'. we might want to ask are questions, like: what does 'reverend billy' do for a living? how does he make his money? does he make his living off his 'tax-deductible' organization? how does the internal revenue justify this as a 'tax-deductible' church or organization? everyone knows that christmas is commercialized, but it affords one day out of a whole year in which people have an opportunity to be charitable, and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. everyone is not charitable. everyone does not spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. but, holidays and vacation time give people that chance and opportunity. yes, america does have more than its share of problems--but, with perseverance, americans have and always make it through great difficulties. and, even in times of strife, america has proved itself to be the greatest country in the world. that happens when americans pull together and unite, rather than to separate and divide. yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take americans to bring back the small businesses, along with the ethics to responsibly care for people living in our individual communities. yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take americans to bring production back to america. americans and the u.s. government need to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how large or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on credit. our over-reliance on credit will make, and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. it is important to buy--but, if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. and, if we are able to save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. not to say that, as americans, we will gain an equal share of wealth. wealth is not guaranteed, and has never been guaranteed. but, stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of americans hold most of america's wealth. there is a good proximity that you or i can reach the level of the upper, middle class. and, who knows what can happen from there?!? be positive, work hard--and, at the very least, you and i will be able to reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. in life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have that something to reach for. and, if you or i don't have dreams, we might as well be dead. in america, there is always room for plenty of hopes and dreams. as individuals, we are a part of the pack, but we always can become the leader of the pack.it has always been my experience that churches and religion do offer nothing more than additional distortions, but i pay dignity and give respect to people with other beliefs, values, and perspectives. but, as far as the distortions expressed, within this film, i do not have any faith in such beliefs, values, and perspectives. i rank this film with a 1 out of 10--but, in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. this film has no integrity, and i cannot recommend it.

"scary movie 2" is a let down to the scary movie franchise. scary movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny. luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great scary movies.this film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.this movie isn't horrible but they could have improved quite a few things. it is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the scary movie franchise then give this a watch - but i don't think you will like it nearly as much.

scary movie 2 is definitely the worst of the 4 films, for there is not much of a plot , bad acting, pretty tedious and some really cheesy jokes. but. and this is a big but, there is one good actor, one good recurring joke, and a good beginning. the good actor being tim curry, the one good recurring joke is the creepy,weird butler with the disgusting hand who always does cringey but laugh worthy things. and the good beginning is the spoof of the excorsist.the plot to scary movie 2 is the main characters from the original and a host of new characters along the way are invited to stay the night at a creepy old mansion, but will they survive the night? this film is not very good but if your bored you might as well watch it!

i *loved* the original scary movie. i'm a huge fan of parody- it is my favorite form of humor. it is sometimes regarded as the most intelligent form of humor. the wayans boys seemed to grasp that concept perfectly in the original film, then temporarily forgot it when making the sequel. i think the wayans' are a family of comical geniuses. alas, even geniuses make mistakes.the movie begins with promise. i liked "the exorcist" parody, especially the "come on out, ma" gag. now, that's wayans-quality material. but, other than that, i can only think of two other times i laughed: 1) when tori spelling is seduced in the middle of the night by a spirit, then becomes clingy and starts talking about marriage with him. meanwhile, he's saying, "it was just a booty call!!" that was kinda funny. 2) the "save the last dance" parody where the cindy character inadvertently beats up a girl while practicing her new moves. but even the short-lived giggles are no match for the side-splitting laughs of the first scary movie.the rest of the movie is pure trash, filled with cheap gross-out gags. jokes from the first movie which were subtle or implied are magnified and overdone. for example, in scary movie i, several innuendos are made to imply that the character ray is gay. this was hilarious. but, in scary movie ii, the whole penis-strangulation scene with ray under the bed was mind-numbing and incredibly unfunny. this is the pattern of the whole film. shock humor *alone* doesn't take a movie very far. this was a trend in 2000 and 2001, unfortunately. as much as it pains me to rate a wayans movie so low, i have to give this one a 2 out of 10.

keenan ivory wayans is probably one of the worst directors, i swear he has no real knowledge on how to make films. he has made one brilliant film and that is scary movie. scary movie 2 was ok too but everything else keenan has made are real disasters. avoid such titles like don't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood..... i know, what a title !!! obviously this film too, just anything that has keenans name in the credits.it was an hour and a half on stupid nonsense that never made me laugh. just trust me on this, maybe women might like this film a little because of some of things that happen but on a whole this film will never be liked by anyone with a good taste in films........ 1/10.......j.d seaton

basically this is an overlong, unfunny, action/comedy. first of all i'd like to say that i did enjoy the wayans brother scary movie (1) and the sequel had it's moments. unfortunately white chicks doesn't even deliver half the laughs. the humour in it is absolutely crude. if you like burping, farting, stupid catchphrases you should probably look at this. when it isn't crude it's idiotic. the first 10 minutes of the film gave everything away to me, totally unfunny, simply idiotic. however i watched the whole thing since i was with a friend (otherwise i wouldn't have bothered). the story is undeniably thin, it was in scary movie too but there at least the laughs were quick and constant. i think this is probably one of the main problems too with this film, the laughs don't come quick enough. some jokes are dragged out too long when they're more disgusting than funny in the first place. if you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this. if you want a silly comedy with more laughs then look at scary movie, airplane, hotshots 1 + 2. 1/10 completely unfunny, thin storyline, a film that seems to be based on one idea (i.e. what if we dressed up as white chicks for a film?) but simply didn't have enough material.

i don't often go out of my way to write comments, but for this i had to, just to warn anyone that might think that by watching this they will see a comedy. this doesn't come close. while the premise (change in colour/gender/whatever) is bad enough (and has been done, better, many times before)the actual transformation of two black guys into two white girls is one of the least convincing transformations ever put on screen. it would be bad enough if all that was required by the script was a change to white chicks. however the wayans brothers are required to disguise themselves as two specific white women. as you will have guessed by now, they fail completely. i have seen drag queens without makeup make more convincing women than these two do with the best special effects and make-up people that hollywood can provide. its appalling. add to the mix a basketball player built like a building, terrible dialogue and more plot holes than a golf course and this film hits a new personal low. and i like bad movies! avoid like the plague.

white chicks hold on, why couldn't they have dressed as black chicks, oh yeah, they wouldn't look different at all. can anyone give me one wayans movie where they haven't dressed up as ladies? don't be a menace doesn't count, jack white and michael costanza ghost wrote that (the other norton trio members acted as directors).in white chicks, there's never really any jokes. it's just the wayans acting like girls for 2 hours. there's no setups, no punchlines and no laughs. there is a lot of "i think i'm gonna play some time crisis 3." at least for me there was (5 times to be exact).somebody has to tell kenan ivory, damon, marlon, shawn, damien (the only talented one), kim, rakeesha, george w., and osama bin wayans to stop making movies. its only hurting the o-zone layer.verdict 1/2* out of ****

i wanted so much to enjoy this movie. it moved very slowly and was just boring. if it had been on tv, it would have lasted 15 to 20 minutes, maybe. what happened to the story? a great cast and photographer were working on a faulty foundation. if this is loosely based on the life of the director, why didn't he get someone to see that the writing itself was "loose". then he directed it at a snail's pace which may have been the source of a few people nodding off during the movie. the music soars, but for a different film, not this one....for soap opera saga possibly. there were times when the dialogue was not understandable when armin meuller stahl was speaking. i was not alone, because i heard a few rumblings about who said what to whom. why can't hollywood make better movies? this one had the nugget of a great story, but was just poorly executed.

i enjoyed the movie very much, emotionally, intellectually, and visually. it contains no violence or sex or drugs or special effects, and doesn't need them one bit, holding my attention the entire time with the visuals, story, and interspersed words of wisdom.however: [1] some of the foreign language accents made the dialog difficult to hear & understand; [2] there is unnecessary overuse of swearing (especially the f-word, which is the only reason this movie was rated r). [3] the movie is balanced with humor and emotion, but most of the emotion that holds you throughout the film, except the final resolution last minutes, is unpleasant due to the exaggerated long-lasting dysfunctional reaction of some of the characters to loss, living in the depths of bitterness and depression for too long. [4] i will not recommend this movie because of 5-seconds of background narration, which did not add one bit to the side-character it applied to, or the film -- it only turned me off to the movie and stuck in my brain through the whole movie and afterward: the main character's mother of german ancestry, when watching old wwii movies, "secretly roots for the germans." there would be no "local color" or art if the nazi's won the war. i don't know of any germans today except radical skinheads who think the world would be a better place if the nazi's won wwii.

as gently as i can, i sincerely believe this movie is a waste of time. i did not find it the 'warm, emotionally satisfying' film others did. i found it boring, with music that distracted from the film. the story was thin, the characters overdrawn, and the direction pedestrian.fooey.now i'm going to write some more about this movie, so i make the 10 line minimum. there really isn't more to be said and brevity is important, but imdb has its minimums, so here goes.young eager kid finds nascent talent, seeks time with aging, embittered mentor in spite of father's cartoonish homophobia. aging, embittered mentor turns out to drink a lot and teach very little. conflict arises. while i don't think this is a spoiler, i've added the warning in case someone feels this much information is too much. mostly, i just found the film boring and pretentious. a waste of my time. i honestly don't understand what little fuss there seems to be, mostly on this web site, about the transcendent quality of this movie. i think it's really worth avoiding. but, as dennis miller used to say, "maybe i'm wrong."

this movie was a major disappointment on direction, intellectual niveau, plot and in the way it dealt with its subject, painting. it is a slow moving film set like an episode of wonder years, with appalling lack of depth though. it also fails to deliver its message in a convincing manner.the approach to the subject of painting is very elite, limited to vague and subjective terms as "beauty". according to the makers of this movie, 'beauty' can be only experienced in bob-ross-style kitschy landscape paintings. good art according to this film can be achieved by applying basic (like, primary school level) color theory and lots of sentiment. in parts the movie is offending, e.g. at a point it is stated (rather, celebrated by dancing on tables) that mentally handicapped people are not capable of having emotions or expressing them through painting, their works by definition being worthless 'bullshit' (quote).i do not understand how the movie could get such high rating, then again, so far not many people rated it, and they chose for only very high or very low grades.

as a fan of eric rohmer's studies of the contemporary war between the sexes, i was very eager to see "the lady and the duke (l'anglaise et le duc)" for how he would treat men and women during a real war, the french revolution. the film looks beautiful, with each scene designed as a period painting, like a tableaux vivant. and i expected much talking, as that's rohmer's style. but maybe rohmer was restrained by basing the screenplay on a real woman's writings is why this mostly felt like a docudrama version of "the scarlet pimpernel."as awful as the excesses of robespierre et al, how about some recognition that the french aristocrats were spoiled brats? i kept humming to myself: "marat, we're poor/and the poor stay poor;" you could also pick a tune from "les miz."i wasn't all that sympathetic as the central figure has to go back and forth between her city home and country manor to stay ahead of the revolution. at one point her maid claims the pantry is bare but sure manages to lay out a fine repast. i simply didn't understand her, an english sympathizer who alternately rejects and defends her former lover and patron as he and the revolution keep shifting political focus; i think i was supposed to sympathize with her consistency more than their political machinations, like a character out of "the scarlet pimpernel." hey, the only reason she didn't go back home was her disgrace after an affair and child with the prince of wales or somebody. usually in a revolutionary period there's some groundswell of change going on in relations between men and women, but i saw none here. i once went to a herbert marcuse lecture that concluded with a lengthy q & a; the last question, from an audience member far older than the rest of us acolytes, heck she had gray hair, was "why are revolutionaries so grim?" she was hooted at and marcuse didn't deign to respond to it seriously -- but it's the only thing of substance i remember from the whole evening. rohmer demonstrates that counter-revolutionaries are also grim and didactic.(originally written 8/11/2002)

i can hardly believe that this inert, turgid and badly staged film is by a filmmaker whose other works i've quite enjoyed. the experience of enduring the lady and the duke (and no other word but "enduring" will do), left me in a vile mood, a condition relieved only by reading the imdb user comment by ali-112. for not only has rohmer attempted (with success) to make us see the world through the genre art of 18th century france but, as ali has pointed out, has shown (at the cost of alienating his audience) the effects of both class consciousness and the revolution it inspired through the eyes of a dislikably elitist woman of her times. the director has accomplished something undeniably difficult, but i question whether it was worth the effort it took for him to do so -- or for us to watch the dull results of his labor.

every so often a movie comes along that knocks me down a notch and reminds me that my taste in films i seek out to watch isn't always impeccable. i normally would stay away from stuff like this, but i was duped by some glowing reviews and the rohmer pedigree.there's an initial and intriguing novelty to the production where rohmer essentially superimposes the actors onto painted (digital) back-drops of revolution era france. this quickly wanes and becomes about as interesting as watching the paint dry on a paint by numbers scene. what we're left with is a boring and stuffy film about aristocrats in 18th century france. none of the characters are appealing or sympathetic. the pace is so languid, the dialogue so arduous, and suspense is clearly a foreign concept to rohmer, that i ended up not caring whose head rolled, who was harboring who, or what the devil the revolution was supposed to be about. the movie would've greatly benefited from some semblance of emotional build-up and a music score (there's some fine classical music used at the very end). despite being so "talky", the film plays much like a silent film, and the worst kind of film at that, a dull and uninteresting film about infinitely interesting subjects. only the most astute french historians will find anything to take from this film, as it dose seem to paint well known events from a new angle (the lady is english and a royalist). otherwise, avoid this yawner at all costs unless you are suffering from insomnia (i dozed off twice).

if i only had one camera that was accidentally glued to the floor, enough film for only one take of each shot, and then lost all that film and had to scrounge up some bucks to buy a few digital video tapes, and was forced to make an over-2-hour movie about the french revolution, and also didn't have any sets and had to have my 4-year-old autistic son paint the backgrounds, and also the only actors i could find were the people who didn't make the auditions of that year's soap opera, and i was also forced to not use any music in the entire film, and also the zoom function on the camera didn't work except for one time when it accidentally started zooming in and couldn't stop, oh and if i hated my audience, then i might make something kind of like this awful, yet mistakenly hilarious, hell-worthy waste of time. the almost grand looking but completely fake looking backdrops reminded me of some of george lucas' latest creations, which made it so much more disappointing because through the whole movie, there was that little glimmer of hope in the back of my mind that the film would climax in a lightsaber duel/space laser battle. i don't mean to spoil the movie for those who haven't seen it, but that's not how it ends. the only thing i can think of that wasted more time than watching this movie was writing this review. peace.

eric rohmer's 'the lady and the duke' is based on the journals of an english aristocrat who lived through the french revolution. but it's a stilted affair, with its strange, painted backdrops and mannered conversational tone. most notably, this portrait of age of terror takes place almost entirely at one remove from the real action; one sees very little of ordinary people in this movie, and little of the chaos, poverty and terror that unfolded away from the drawing rooms of the persecuted, but spoilt, aristocratic classes. the result is frequently dull, and ultimately unenlightening about the forces that sometimes drive societies to the brink of destruction; it's a disappointing film from an acclaimed director.

i will be short...this film is an embarrassment to everyone except its cinematographer. the very fact that it is a critique of the sex tourism industry seems valid until we are "treated" to a lingering dance scene. the plot is ridiculous no one except the most ardent fan of bad horror will get anything out of it. and for the love of god please stop saying this film is a tale of innocence lost or even of female empowerment because it is quite clearly not (childish fumbling lesbians, what the hell?). this was by far the worst film at the edinburgh festival (that i saw anyway), someone even collapsed halfway through the film probably because they couldn't take any more of it. this may seem like an overly critical rant but i genuinely cannot find a redeeming feature of this film except for perhaps if you take it as pure comedy. in short this film is best watched on a cocktail of class a drugs.

i have come out of several years of lurking on these boards due to the sheer lack of intelligence that is communicated through the reviews that periodically appear on this film's imdb space. i saw this movie courtesy of subway cinema's new york asian film festival (which had an otherwise excellent selection of movies this year, see vital, snake of june, cha no aji, survive style)and have regretted every day that a scene from that movie disengorges itself from the back of my mind, and becomes a vivid memory.i'm sure that you can read a laudatory summary of the film off of subway cinema, which is probably why i made the mistake of dragging my friend to the film. the description built up the kind of horror film that i had longed for for a while, one that relies on sheer terror rather than cheap scares. p was in fact different. it relied on cheap laughs.the incredibly annoying announcer described this movie as "lesbians team up to fight monsters." completely untrue. there is a subplot built up in this film to make it seem like the relationship between the girl and pookie is actually going somewhere. more lies. this film seems like a short made for "are you afraid of the dark?" the story is ridiculous, and only succeeded in eliciting laughter and confusion from the audience after they finally rescinded their attempt to view this film with any semblance of seriousness and try to forget the $9 that they wasted at the door. i almost wish paul spurrier was in the audience so that i could laugh at him and ask him why he wasted 5 years in thailand to make a bad softcore horror-cum-porn that belongs on the spice channel, which only succeeded to get the actress excommunicated from her family, and caused a minor stir at the belgium film festival. the only stir that this caused was a gurgle in the lower intestine as it couldn't extract itself from the sh*te that it is. anyway, i hope i can dissaude anyone from making the grave mistake of seeing this film, it was truly one of my top 3 worst movie experiences, knocking out soulplane for the number 2.

made the unfortunate mistake of seeing this film in the edinburgh film festival. it was well shot from the outset, but that's the last positive comment i have about the film. the acting was awful, i wonder if actual gogo girls were hired? but it was the plot that was truly laughable, in fact that it was laughable and not boring is the only reason i gave this 3/10.** spoilers below **.i just want to mention a few of the scenes that really got the audience laughing:.shoving the girl in the field: who would have thought that a kid shoving another kid could be acted so badly. a real eye-opener.the getting on the bus scene: the girl is getting on the bus. but, according to the music, the world is ending.the rolling under the clothes line: wow, this one really demonstrates the plot writer's skills. in the room, followed by raw meat and skill selling. why not just get her to perform all three 'sins' at once? at least then the film might have been slightly shorter.the running down the stairs of the mall: watch as one of the girls takes to flight down the stairs pursued by a flesh eating dau, no wait .. she *is* just walking quickly trying not to break her nails.the running covered in blood: this is definitely my favourite scene, and a fitting end to the movie. a half marathon in red paint, completed by vaulting up stairs and over the bridge, only to be sent flying most unrealistically by a passing car. not only this, but this suicide is undertaken by the most self obsessed girl in the film, now that's sticking to character for you.i'd like to think that this film was created by a 16 year old and their mates. sadly, having met the director at the presentation, this is not the case.but, if you're in a sarcastic mood, and fancy a laugh with a few mates.. then still don't even think about it.

watching "kroko" i would have liked to leave the cinema very much for the first time in my life. i would not recommend to watch this movie: flat main characters - absolutely no development e.g. kroko the metaphoric german problem child remains a pure metaphor without any capability of positive involvement despite several plot-wise chances to do so. uninspired actors, non-evolving plot. i guess the movie attempted an environmental survey but did not succeed: camera appeared shaky rather than motivated. pictures were low - contrast, gray and dark - i am sure deliberately but the components did not add up to a convincing impression of the social milieu. the story had certain potential though, it could have made a good short story.

any person with fairly good knowledge of german cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.if such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. this is also true for german film maker sylke enders as her film's principal protagonist kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.she is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.kroko was originally shot on dv to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.if someone were to state a positive aspect of sylke enders' film,it may well be kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.it is with kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.

watch the original with the same title from 1944! this made for tv movie, is just god-awful! although it does use (as far as i can tell) almost the same dialog, it just doesn't work! is it the acting, the poor directing? ok so it's made for tv, but why watch a bad copy, when you can get your hands on the superb original? especially as you'll be spoiled to the plot and won't enjoy the original as much, as if you've watched it first! there are a few things that are different from the original (it's shorter for once), but all are for the worse! the actors playing the parts here, just don't fit the bill! you just don't believe them and who could top edward g. robinsons performance from the original? if you want, only watch it after you've seen the original and even then you'll be very brave, if you watch it through! it's almost sacrilege!

it was hard to watch this film and be totally fair and objective since i am a big fan the original 1944 movie. that, to me and many others, is one of the greatest film noirs ever made. realizing this is simply a shortened made-for-tv film and that most people had trashed it, i didn't expect much, but you can't help but compare this with the '44 film. scene after scene, i found myself comparing what i was looking at it, and remembering how it played out with fred macmurray, barbara stanwyck, edward g. robinson and others. now i was seeing these famous actors playing their famous roles replaced by richard crenna, samantha eggar and lee j. cobb.when it was all over, i found it wasn't as bad as i had expected but it's no match for the 1944 original. the two main areas in which this made-for-tv film wasn't as good were (1) the electricity between the two leads was missing and (2) being only 90 minutes, they rushed the story with hardly time to develop the plot, characters and chemistry between those leads. crenna and eggar were flat, and simply no match for macmurray and stanwyck as "walter neff" and "phyllis dietrichson," respectively.where this re-make held its own was in the other characters, such as "barton keyes" and "edward norton." cobb was terrific as keyes and robert webber as norton, head of the insurance company. it also was somewhat interesting to see the time frame changed, so the houses, cars, telephones, dictating machines, etc., were all early '70s instead of mid '40s. otherwise, the storyline was very similar, just rushed.however, one viewing was enough and i will happily go back to the original version for the rest of my viewings of this classic story and film.

don't understand how these animated movies keep coming out, and no matter how good (or bad) it is people love it.i saw this movie with my two kids (5,7). they like pretty much anything animated (like most people who rated this film). the theater was almost full, and i looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast. to tell the truth i was bored silly. it was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny. there were a couple chuckles throughout the film and that was it. of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh, but just didn't work. my son almost always says to me that he wants the dvd after we see an animated movie, but not on this one. my daughter fell asleep half way through. also, the kids thought the character animation looked weird. i haven't heard that from them since seeing the polar express, which gave my daughter nightmares.trust me, i'm not the type who looks for the negative in everything. but quality is quality, and like so many animated movies they throw out there, it has very little.

from the creators of shrek.. ok, that grabbed my attention.well the creators of shrek also made madagascar. madagascar was half as good as shrek.and now flushed away is half as good as madagascar.that means flushed away isn't good. the animation and all that special effects were extremely good but the movie wasn't.the story of this movie was only meant for kids. it's seriously not possible for adults to actually love this flick.but there were many jokes meant for adults. i bet kids dint understand the jokes.despite that i dint like this flick.i am completely disappointed. 4/10

so don't even think about renting this from the shops, because this is one hell of a bad movie. you'd think that jj abrahams had written this movie. basically, a rat is flushed down the toilet and somehow has to get back out. fans of the completely terrible "shrek" might enjoy, but "wallace & gromit" fans will probably turn away in disgust. also, why didn't they do it in plasticine or clay? i mean, cgi animation?? for an aardman movie??!! obviously, aardman lazed around while they let dreamworks do the whole thing. wrong, wrong, wrong!!! nearly every single character is awful, apart from that freaky frog guy, who is just right for a movie villain. but everything else about the movie is dull, dull, dull!!! i almost fell asleep with boredom watching this movie. no, wait, actually, i did fall asleep with boredom watching this movie. it's just terrible. but thankfully, it's not as bad as "shrek."

let's just say it in simple words so that even the makers of this film might have a chance to understand: this is a very dumb film with an even dumber script, lame animation, and a story that's about as original as thumbtacks. don't bother -- unless you need to find some way to entertain a group of mentally retarded adults or extremely slow children. they might laugh, especially if they're off their meds. there's a special kind of insult in a film this ridiculous -- not only do the filmmakers apparently think that children are brainless idiots who can be entertained with claptrap that cost approximately zero effort, but they don't even bother to break a sweat inserting a gag here and there that an adult might find amusing. this film, frankly, ticked me off royally. shame on you for stooping so low.

oh if only i could give this rubbish less than one star! there were two mildly amusing parts in the whole film and that is it! one was where a line or two from the song don't worry, be happy was sung by the slugs and the other was where roddy fell of the toilet roll and landed with his feet and legs apart so that everything else he landed on on the way down hit him in the groin. that is it there was nothing more amusing than that, at least not for me anyway! doctornappy2 is not right in saying 'fans of the completely terrible "shrek" might enjoy, but "wallace & gromit" fans will probably turn away in disgust.' as i loved shrek 1 2 and 3 and i also love wallace and gromit. you see what it boils down to is that if an animation is done extremely well then it is definitely worth watching, this however was about as far from done well as you can possibly get! the continuity mistakes were too big in number. some were pointed out by the makers of this site others were not. i won't point out all of the others, but here are a few more to see: when the young daughter leaves at the start of the film the catch to the cage door comes down and the hook part of it that is on the right clearly goes back around behind the round knob thus effectively making sure roddy would not be able to get out and yet he does just by simply kicking at it. at one point the ruby falls down roddy's back and gets pushed straight up into the the air by rita all the while the ship is moving forwards. in the next scene roddy has caught it again. this is impossible. seeing as how the ship is moving forwards the only place when the ruby was ejected out from under the back of roddy's shirt the only place it could have landed was in the water not in roddy's hand. there was a third one i wanted to point out but for now i have forgotten it.too many, for want of a better word, 'jokes' were repeated in one way or another, there was not enough time to establish any sort of connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow, shallow and empty, and the whole film left you wanting....wanting to watch 85 minutes of anything else! paint drying or grass growing are two superb options!

ultimately too silly and pointless. yes there is the gilded cage metaphor but probably most kids would miss that. forgettable. instantly.animation is, as we have come to expect, super-real. the plot-line could best be described as thin but tenacious. although the ending seemed arbitrary to me.the sewer underworld is a suitably disgusting reflection of the world above and, somehow, wealth and money seem to count for a lot there too. oh yes, and there's a romantic interest with the female being the smarter, more savvy and go-getting of the pair - this in itself is rapidly becoming a tiresome (anti) stereotype. probably your kids will love it though.

can anybody do good cgi films besides pixar? i mean really, animation looked antiquated by 2006 standards and even by 1995 toy story standards. or maybe they spent all their budget on hugh jackman. whatever their reasoning, the story truly did suck.somehow, hugh jackman is a rat - a rat that is flushed down a toilet. yeah i know, seems stereotypical. but then the sewer mimicked the ways of london - to an extent. throw in a promise of jewels (????) and an evil(??) frog and you get a pathetic attempt at entertainment.i would like to say something entertained me. maybe the hookup in the movie? or maybe the happily-ever-after rat relationship. but nothing did. it had the talent, but it blew up. d-

if your idea of entertainment is watching graphic footage of people being run over by cars (you get to see a woman passing under the front wheel, being twisted as the car passes over her before she goes under the back wheel -- and they show it twice in case you missed it the first time) then this is the documentary for you. admitedly i didn't watch any more of this very disturbing piece of voyeurism, but that was enough for me. maybe the rest is even better.i wonder how long it's going to take for television networks to start showing slush movies. perhaps game shows based on self-mutilation might be nice.i already know that there are disturbed people in the world and that horrible things happen. i don't need to see the proof on the tv masquerading as entertainment.

"the cat's meow" contains a few scenes that boast intelligent dialogue, and some fine performances, a few of which surprised me. eddie izzard is more effective than i expected as chaplin (partly thanks to an excellent hair and makeup job by some talented designer); joanna lumley is compelling as novelist elinor glyn; and kirsten dunst is winning as marion davies (though why movies never use her real-life stutter is difficult to explain). but these elements don't add up to a successful whole. the screenwriter seems to have worked very hard on certain scenes--the meetings between davies and chaplin are particularly well crafted--but not so hard on the big picture. several minor characters don't need to be there, and don't behave consistently. the basic plot is full of illogic (e.g., why does thomas ince think it's a good idea to tell hearst something he really doesn't want to hear?), and the party scenes are repetitive and tiresome. i'd like to think a trip on hearst's yacht was more fun than the movie indicates. davies is characterized as a standard bubbly flapper type, which isn't really accurate, and the screenwriter's ideas about chaplin and love are implausible. strangely, bogdanovich, who seemed so connected to the thirties in "paper moon", lacks a similar affinity for the twenties. he insisted the excellent costume designer use only black and cream, which gives the party guests a very artificial look, and plays only the most stereotypical songs of the period (e.g., "yes, we have no bananas"). when hearst insists everybody "charleston, charleston!" it looks as if the actors had a ten-minute dance lesson just before the scene was shot. the lives of silent film stars can make fascinating movies, i'm sure, but not this time.

anything that might have been potentially interesting in this material is sunk in the first few seconds with a disclaimer that the events we're about to see can't ever be known and "this is the whisper [rumor] most often told" about one of hollywood's most sensational "mysteries."okay. so we're not getting anything new (and e!'s "mysteries & scandals" gives you a better foothold on the particular incident...and that's not much of an endorsement). what do we get?we learn that hollywood is a nest of viper's and decadents. no big news there. more interesting we learn what a washed up director is willing to do to regain his position of power in the entertainment industry and/or political establishment. it raises the question of whether peter bogdanovich is speaking from his own experience through these characters. but what's told is so cynical and ugly and muddled, we're left feeling guilty for witnessing a bunch of hooey that passes itself off as history.the tone of the film has a curious madcap quality that i found more irritating than fun. we're not empathetic with anyone. and the great "citizen kane" polishes off the relationship between davies and hearts in a much more convincing way. in "the cat's meow" we're not ever sure of davies motives for being with hearst. as soon as we're told one thing, she's off doing the other.and are we to believe that davies was the love of chaplain's life? or is he just trying to cockold one of america's most powerful--and apparently moronic--citizens. the film never makes it clear.what is convincing are the production values. there's a glorious recreation of the yacht and period costumes. i got more out of looking at the construction of some of the lapels on the men's jackets than following a story that libels many of the the most well-known personalities in hollywood history. no one will remember that the screenplay is pure fiction. the disclaimers that frame the film only make it all the more tentative and unsatisfying.the performers can't be faulted, although meg tilly goes way past parody here. kirsten dunst never disappoints. she gives the most sincere performance in a sea of scenery chewing. only joanna lumley rises above the material, but so much so that she seems to be distancing herself from the whole enterprise rather than narrating it. one of her first lines is, "i'm not here!" and i'm sure she wishes she wasn't.this isn't on par with bogdanovich's trashy, so-bad-it's-good "at long last love." it's perched on attempting something serious, but hesitates and stumbles chiefly because it's so full of bitterness towards "the beast" named hollywood. this is "national enquirer" filmmaking. and it not only soils the names of those who the film places on board the oneida that weekend, but the audience gets pretty dirty as well.

what happened to peter bogdanovich? once a brilliant director, a trail blazer... is now scraping the very bottom... is this the same man who directed "the last picture show"? here, he takes a somewhat interesting (albeit farfetched) premise, and turns it into bubble gum that loses flavor the moment you take the first bite... dunst is not bad, but izzard is miscast as chaplin, and all the other actors seem to have been cast for their "looks", and not because they were right for the part. too bad. i'll go rent "paper moon" again.

kirsten dunst is terribly overrated as an actress. you can tell always she's just "acting". i like izzard though. plot is awfully boring. the viewer has no real connections to the characters, never knowing who to really sympathize with, or even care about. slow, dull movie, with some laughs, but few and not very funny anyway. plot is not engaging or suspenseful in the least. you can see each plot turn coming a mile away. what is this movie supposed to be? comedy? drama? who cares? you won't by the end of this film.

just because an event really happened doesn't mean that it will make a good screenplay/ movie. the cat's meow, by peter bogdanovich claims to be based on actual events which happened on a cruise hosted by william randolph hurst. the writer paid more attention to creating a bizarre cast of characters than taking time to create a story for the bizarre characters to inhabit. the key moments of the story seem implausible; for example, when hurst accidentally shoots the producer, believing him to be chaplin. basing a key element of a story on someone wearing the wrong hat is trite and contrived. the story attempts to be a dark comedy, but the cat's meow misses an important piece of this equation, comedy. there is also a lack of empathy for any of the characters. it hardly matters who is shot, who is killed, who is guilty and who is innocent. there is not a strong character to cheer for. as a result the conflicts are difficult to care about and the eventual outcome is incidental.

anyone who is a sucker for 1920s jazz, 1920s dress, the charleston, and ultra-swanky yachts (e.g. me, on all counts) will want to like this movie. but the sad fact is that that's all there is. the plot is banal and obvious, the acting mostly either awful or playing to the farcical side of the goings-on, and when the whole thing's over there is not much left but the impression of mirrors and smoke. this is a beautifully made bad movie.

...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. kirsten dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star marion davies like she thinks she's in "legally blonde." the guy who plays william randolph hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him. eddie izzard is pretty good, except that he's playing charlie chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? hard to believe this hamfisted, uneven wreck was directed by peter bogdanovich, but then again, he hasn't made a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? sometimes, there's just no coming back.

after seeing this film i complained to my local cinema about the quality of the sound-track or whether the cinema sound system may be faulty. for at least the first half of the film it is extremely difficult to understand what anyone is saying because of the background 20's music and the scratchiness of the sound-track. i was ready to blame the cinema equipment but not so - it was the director.i was told the subject of my complaint was an essential part of the making of the film. the music and the sound was supposed to be distorted to create a very disturbing effect within the film. these days, directors will go to many lengths to make their film unique. unfortunately, no matter where or how you see that film the sound score will be the same.so apart from the historical inaccuracies of this film (which you can find out for yourself elsewhere) the sound-track distortions are in themselves a good reason to give this film a miss. you will only hear the distorted scratchiness of the sound-track and certainly not a cat's meow.

i am appalled at how bad this film is. as a pastiche of early 20th century hollywood artistes it sets a new low - even past the moderns or (gasp) cradle will rock & i never thought i'd see a film worse than those 2. granted they were about a slightly different milieu & period. nevertheless the intents & results were distressingly similar.first off there's the horrible casting: eddie izzard as chaplin? excuse me? peter, did you owe this guy something? jennifer tilly as loulla parsons?? kirsten dunst as marion davies??? holy smoke, these people don't even begin to try to capture the look or sound of the period they are purportedly depicting.well, last picture show was a decent film, but this thing is a disaster & the rest of bogdonovitch's pics haven't been much better. guess rubbing up against welles & hitch & ford wore off a long time ago. still good for hosting tcm though.

what is supposed to be a simple generic mystery plot involving a dead philanthropist is, in fact, a head-ache inducing tale about a bunch of characters (the only big actor being ginger rogers, in a very early role) all trying to find the murderer among a small cast of residents in a posh apartment building. these characters range from utterly stupid to downright mean. as a cheap, low budget production, most of the action revolves around rogers and her lead man (some guy, i don't care who he is 'cause he really sucked) talking about their various possibilities of solving the crime, while being constantly cut off by an absurd detective with his head in his butt. honestly, i've never had a worse time watching an old b-rate movie of this type, and i've seen some real head-slappers.oh, and the butler didn't do it, because there wasn't a butler. but pay attention to the guy who's closest to a butler. there ya go.--polarisdib

a very young ginger rogers trades quick quips and one liners with rival newspaper reporter lyle talbot in this 1933 murder mystery from poverty row film maker allied productions. the movie opens with a wealthy businessman taking a header from the roof garden of a high rise apartment house, or was it from a lover's apartment? rogers actually has two identities at the film's outset, that of miss terry, the dead victim's secretary, along with her newspaper byline of pat morgan. mistakenly phoning her story directly to ted rand (talbot) instead of her paper's rewrite desk, she gets fired for her efforts when her boss learns he's been out scooped.here's a puzzle - it's revealed during police inspector russell's (purnell pratt) investigation of harker's death that terry/morgan had been employed as his secretary for three weeks. why exactly was that? after the fact it would make sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but before? clues are dropped regarding harker's association with a known mobster conveniently living in the same apartment building, but again, that association isn't relevant until it's all linked up to janitor peterson (harvey clark). and who's making up all the calling cards with the serpent effecting a hsss, with the words "you will hear it" cut and pasted beneath? apparently, the hissing sound of a snake was the sound made by the apartment house's radiator system, which peterson used to transmit a poisonous gas into the rooms of potential victims, such as mrs. coby in the apartment below harker. but in answer to a question posed to inspector russell about mrs. coby's death, he replied "apparently" to the cause of strangulation.it's these rather conflicting plot points that made the movie somewhat unsatisfying for me. the revelation of janitor peterson as the bad guy of this piece comes under somewhat gruesome circumstances as we see him stuff the unconscious body of miss morgan in the building's incinerator furnace! however, and score another point against continuity, we see miss morgan in a huge basement room as peterson ignites the furnace; she made her getaway, but how? and still pretty as a picture. and who gets to make the collar off screen if none other than milquetoast police assistant wilfred (arthur hoyt), who in an opening scene fell over his own feet entering a room.sorry, but for all those reviewers who found "a shriek in the night" to be a satisfying whodunit, i feel that any charlie chan film of the same era is a veritable "the usual suspects" by comparison. if you need a reason to see the film, it would be ginger rogers, but be advised, she doesn't dance.

"rival reporters pat morgan (ginger rogers) and ted rand (lyle talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. the latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. the two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.this said-to-be follow-up to "the thirteenth guest" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. ms. rogers continues to develop her skills. mr. talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. they are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; but, the resulting film is very dull. the opening and closing are startling. a long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** a shriek in the night (1933) albert ray ~ ginger rogers, lyle talbot, harvey clark

this was a disappointment - none of the nuance of the original. the brits just seem to be able to make a truly unsettling film with none of the over-the-top histrionics of the american version. the original series combined both creepy stories and subtlety of performance with great attention to lighting and settings. i have watched the series many times and am still enthralled.just another poor adaptation along the lines of the dreadful adaptation of "cracker". get hooked up with bbc america or bbc canada and watch for such delights as waking the dead, spooks, silent witness, and judge john deed. watch the original touching evil, then look for "wire in the blood" for more of the truly understated, elegant performance of robson green. hollywood needs to have a look at this actor!

this movie was supposed to have depicted a 'ladie's man' bachelor who was ready and willing to settle down once and for all. however, i did not care for his mission to settle down, because i didn't care for his character. i don't understand what all of these beautiful women saw in him. he had absolutely no class, or charisma. he should've at least had a way about himself that made ladies weak in the knees other than his saxophone playing, but to no avail. just because he is a musician does not make him sexy. not to mention, the things he did to get the attention of a married woman he fell in love in a span of five minutes of knowing her were absolutely outrageous and ridiculous. does this man have any shame what-so-ever? had he tidied up, and stopped doing and saying stupid things he would have been more attractive as a character, but alas, his character was bland and boring.gina gershon's character was unnecessarily british. she could've just as easily been an uptight out-of-towner with her regular speaking voice than do a poor british accent that sometimes would fade through out the movie.the only two characters i cared for were the fish and frog. now those two had chemistry! academy nominations for both stat! plot holes, lack of character development, horrible acting, unnecessary drama, cliché moments... what a mess of a movie.

in my lit. class we've just finished the book, hatchet, and this movie is nothing like the book. (1) brian never ate worms in the book. (2) he didn't know the pilot's name. (3) his mom was cheating on his father in a station wagon not in the woods where anyone could see. (4) the man the mother is cheating with doesn't have black hair, he has blonde. now for the unrealistic parts of the movie: (1) a thirteen year old can't punch his fist through a window in one punch. and for the acting, the kid who played brian was a horrible actor. however, i do believe that the scenery was impressive, though i highly doubt the director even read the book.this movie is good if you have not read the book hatchet, by gary paulsen, but if you have, then begin a complaint letter to the director.

i came away from this movie with the feeling that it could have been so much better. instead of what should be a gripping, tense story of a boy's fight for survival in the wilderness, it comes off as a national geographic documentary meets columbia sportswear ad.the film begins with brian (jared rushton) preparing for a journey by plane to see his father. his mother fortuitously gives him the curious choice of a hatchet as a going-away gift (what's wrong with a rubik's cube?), little knowing how badly he will soon need it. once in the air, the plane's pilot (a blink-and-you'll-miss-him cameo by ned beatty) suffers a fatal heart attack, leaving brian helpless as the plane crashes into a lake. extremely lucky to walk (or rather swim) away virtually unscathed, brian must find shelter, food and hope for rescue.here is where the main problem with the movie begins. by the very nature of brian's solitude, jared has very few lines to speak, and so the film ought to have compensated by ratcheting up the tension of each scene. instead, he is shown walking around, sitting around, and so on, with only a minimal sense of danger. as a result, too much reliance is placed on flashbacks to the parents' troubled marriage as the source of tension. these scenes merely get in the way and don't particularly add much to the story. even worse, occasionally jared  his face covered with mud - lets out a primal scream or two, which conjures up unfortunate parallels to `predator.' speaking of unfortunate, we could have done with being spared the sight of his mullet, but it presumably helped keep him warm at night.another disappointment is pamela sue martin in a totally ineffectual performance as the mother. both she and the father have very little impact in the movie. for instance, we are never shown how they react to news of brian's disappearance, how they might be organizing rescue attempts, and so on. this is just one source of tension the film-makers would have done well to explore instead of spending so much time on events that happened before brian embarked on his journey.

this clunker of a film sets a new standard for bad filmmaking. jared rushton gives an adequate performance of a very poorly-created character in an ill-fated movie, thereby creating a net effect of a very bad movie. the film's main thrust is how a boy's temporary excursion into the canadian wilderness after surviving a plane crash solo allows the disgruntled adolescent to deal with his anguish over discovering his mother's extramarital affair. unfortunately it turns into a bizarre collage of random "survival events" (including two especially hokey scenes involving fighting a bear) and strange hallucinations that make you wonder if this kid isn't just sitting in an alley somewhere on pot dreaming up this whole movie (and what a nightmare it is!). furthermore, despite the heralds of some reviewers of the family viewability of the film, there are several scenes not suitable for very young children or family viewing, including a graphic scene of the dead pilot underwater with one of his eyes apparently exploded.all in all, a terrible movie that nobody should be subjected to, much less innocent kids.

i wish i could give this movie a zero. cheesy effects and acting. the only reason to see this movie is so you can see how bad it is. lets start with the kid who plays brian. what a geek! i couldn't believe the mullet! then there was the talking to himself. i guess they couldn't just have the movie be silent, but still. of course they had to have him skinny-dipping too, not something i wanted to see. but jared gave a great performance, compared to the special effects department. everything from the bear to the crash was something i could do myself, and better. i seriously doubt that gary paulsen had anything to do with the production, seeing as the movie was not even called hatchet. finally, i do not think the writer had ever read the book, seeing as nothing was the same. i think the book was great, but this movie stunk like a smelly goat!

- bad stuff: this movie is real crap. bad stunts for one thing, they looked so fake i thought this was "the twilight zone". the flashbacks are pretty much useless. one part of the movie he thinks taking his anger out on a window will make his life better. i wanna know the casting director and if he was high because the acting, even from the adults was horrid. a kissing scene in this movie even sucked. this movie killed the book. the book was great. i highly do not recommend this movie. not even for educational purposes. - good stuff: i don't know what i can say really. there is some suspense parts that get you going, but they are quickly shot down by the bad stunt work and acting. - my verdict: do not watch.

i had never read gary paulsen's novel, hatchet, for which 'a cry in the wild' is the adaptation of, so i can't make any comparisons to the book. i will, however, say that as a film on its own, adaptation or no adaptation, it was an underdeveloped adventure that provides no major explanation of its few characters.think of 'a cry in the wild' as a less luxurious, teenage mountaineer (was quincy, california the only place this was filmed?) version of 'cast away.' jared rushton is 13-year-old brian roebson, a kid headed on a small plane to visit his father, until the craft crashes over some deserted mountain terrain, leaving the kid stranded for quite a while and having to defend himself.there are basically three parts to the film. the obvious being the ten or fifteen minute introduction of the characters, namely brian and his mom. the next third of the movie (which really consumes nearly all of the film) is that of brian "roughing it." these scenes contain no particularly amazing action, nothing spectacular other than lots of beautiful cinematography of a beautiful yukon landscape. nothing to put you on edge, no real encounters (except a brisk confrontation with a cub), and no major dilemmas to initiate some sort of enjoyment or connection with the character on the screen. you might even feel briefly bored with the passage of time as we witness brian dealing with his situation through first, primitive means, and then more improved ones (using tools, etc) for his survival. it is more like the ordinary time that passes if you were actually stuck in the situation, and that is pretty much about it. in other words, they put no meat on the paulsen's words when they translated them into a visual media.and, of course, the third part of the movie is his rescue.there is a subplot that continuously seeks to make itself known during this time, however. some conflict between brian and his parents that created a rocky, awkward relationship between them. however, for the most part, it is only explained in brief, intermittent, minimal dialog flashbacks that look more like a back story for a music video. any minute, the singer from jefferson starship, should chime in an start singing 'sara.' other than what the viewer can draw from the implications, or guess for his own need to fill the gaps in the narrative, we get a very underdeveloped back story which was probably necessary to enjoy at least part of this film and create a connection to the characters, whether or not it really had anything to do with brian's survival adventure in the third part of the movie. these are the flaws in the narrative that through the viewer into a stupor as he struggles to find out what the heck those people there on the screen are doing and, for me, almost done to the point of screaming at the television to say something and tell me more! it certainly was not, for me, a good adventure tale. but, for fans of jared rushton, it was one of the last few movies he made. so, watch it purely for nostalgia, if nothing else.

after seeing only half of the film in school back in november, today, i saw that it was on flix channel and decided to watch it to see the rest of it and to write a new review on it.the book that the film is based on, hatchet, is ok. this is a terrible adaption of it though.awful (and i mean awful) acting, bad dialogue, and average cinematography make up this terrible adaption of hatchet.the film starts off brian who is the cliché image of a late 80s teen (sporting a mullet, banging his head to cheap 80s rock music) and his mother driving in a car for him to get on a plane to fly up to see his estranged dad (his parents are divorced...now cue the dramatic pause.) now brian has said goodbye to mom and dog and is flying up to see his father. the pilot is a fat, ugly, rude man (wasn't like that in the book) who after 2 minutes in the air, has a heart attack and dies. in the book it goes into more detail with the pilot having more pains and it seemed to be that they were in the air much longer before the pilot had his heart attack.the plane (within another two minutes) has gone empty on fuel (leaving us, the viewers, to assume that he's been up there for hours even though the sun hasn't changed position and the scenery looks exactly the same.) now's he's crashed landed.this is the point in the movie where everything is a lot different then it was in the book. in the book it said his jacket was torn to shreds but in the movie it is perfectly fine with no tears or rips (looks like he just bought it), it never said he climbed a mountain, saw a wolf, and fell asleep up there on the mountain, it never said he was attacked by a bear (it said a moose but not a bear), it never said he eats the several bugs that he does, it never mentions the second tornado or that he learned to get those sparrows, skin them, and eat them or that little fish farm trap that he makes (that is destroyed by one of the tornadoes) nor does it mention him hurting his ribs from one of the tornadoes.i don't even think you can call what was depicted in the film a tornado. all it was was just a windstorm that knocked down several of his things.my favorite part of this camp fest was brian's lame flashbacks (that are never mentioned in the book) especially the cliché scene of brian waking up, walking over to the window and seeing his dad (with all of his things packed that can all perfectly fit into just the back of his truck) leaving and screams "daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddddddd!!!!" (yet of course his father didn't hear him even though he was just right outside) and he punches his fist through the window (wtf?) the ending is the only thing that is close to what happened in the book (i said close.) in the book i think one of the key things that the rescue pilot said to brian when he landed was "you're the kid who they've been looking for! they stopped months ago..." yet they left that line out in the movie.there's a pathetic epilogue with brian (somehow without counseling or therapy) getting back to normal with his family. i think we were supposed to assume that they were getting together for thanksgiving (because they had a turkey on the counter.) then it shows his temporary home (for what, in the movie, seemed like three days, but in the book was for several months) and his hatchet, still in a tree where he left it (also didn't happen in the book) showing where he carved a message, so perfectly done: "home" (where we really supposed to believe that he carved that that perfectly with just that hatchet?) no quote can sum this movie up better then when enid from ghost world said "this is so bad it's gone past good and back to bad again." perfect description of this movie.i wouldn't recommend it to somebody (who hasn't read the book) and are just looking to watch a movie nor would i to somebody who has read the book (because they'll be disappointed and bored to death.for those who have read the book, leave what your imagination created as the movie. this is awful and will bring down your thoughts on the book.1/10

another big star cast, another glamour's set, another reputed director, another flick filled with songs that's topping the chart buster, but alas what's missing at the day end is a story that every moviegoer expects of from such a big budget motion picture. so much hype is what that was lurking around the movie before it's' red carpet premiere. a hype which went to an extent where anil kapoor envisages that the movie would be one of the finest love stories ever made after dilwale dulhaniya le jayenge. well anilji, which movie were you speaking of? well the plot of the movie is about 6 different couples and 12 different people, who have a total different stance towards life, but despite their different approach towards life they all have one common problem, that's love. well indeed a luring theme. but little did we expect that the movie would be such boredom that it will let down the last expectation the audience would have from such a multistarrer movie. these are kinda movies which i totally abhor because after spending a hefty buck for a multiplex ticket i get locked in the theatre for 4 hours just waiting in agony for the climax.the trouble begins right from the start. the director gets so confused with the plot that somewhere even he gets baffled as to how to share the time slot to six different star casts. some of the couples like anil kapoor-juhi and sohail khan-(whoever the female is opposite to him) just doesn't make any sense for their existence in the movie. salman (who calls himself rahul in a weird manner for the entire movie. well something like rahoooooool) again as usual tries to be extra cool with his videsi kinda hindi accent. hey sallu bhai, now that aish is getting married, at least go get some tip from abhishek to improve your acting abilities. a simple striptease wouldn't make the movie a box office hit every time. and anilji stop shaving your trade mark beard or you look totally like a eunuch. and smooching a girl of your daughters' age just looks as uncool as watching jack nicholson in a romantic movie. and please nikhilji avoid putting such superfluous scenes in a movie that is totally not needed for the shot.the other bigger flaw in the movie was that there wasn't any perfect synchronization between the stories of different couples. every story itself looks as if it is taken from different flicks, put together to form a sadistic plot of salaam-e-ishq. bollywood still has to learn a lot from movies like snatch, memento where the director knows the perfect art of threading the different unrelated sequences to form a perfect blended storyline.somewhere while i was evaluating the pre-release movie reviews someone predicted that the movie wouldn't do good because the title of this movie adds up to the number 28, and 28 is considered a bad number in numerology. but i totally take my stand by saying the movie will fail not coz of its numerology defects, but because of the myriads of flaw that persisted in the movie. and when director like nikhil advani can make such major blunders in the entire storyline of the movie, any wonder wouldn't have saved the movie from bombing at the box office.my suggestion for all you guys is, please avoid watching this movie at any cost. it isn't worth a pie that you pay for the ticket. there indeed are better movies on theater screens currently which are worth watching more than salaam-e-ishq.

i was so excited and hyped up about watching this film when the promos first came out in november! it looked awesome and the songs! i was quite disappointed when i went to watch it! this is a film which weaves 6 couples together. it has a multi cast of 12 people! a huge amount of stars have worked on this film. i think the director, nikhil advani, has not managed the situation well and should not have had many people in this movie as this would of made it easier for him. compared to nikhil's directorial debut 'kal ho naa ho' , 'salaam-e-ishq' falls quite behind. i think nikhil should have a smaller star cast. i think the best factors of this film is the songs! the songs are excellent and i think that all of the songs are awesome, shankar-ehsaan-loy done an excellent job and have done an excellent jobs over the years. i think the ratings of this movie may go up because of the excellent songs! one thing i was disappointed with, is that the director should not have included nudity in this film which is done by sohail khan and isha koppikar. i found this extremely rude watching this with family! although, some may find this nude as comedy, it is not something you would want to watch with parents! i think the best acting was performed by salman and priyanka overall, i think its an alright movie!

i have been waiting for this movie a long time. especially because juhi chawla is in this, she's a great actress.this movie contains six stories. it's a new concept flew over from hollywood. so it's not a new item.1. khamini (priyanka chopra) is a dancer. she wants to get famous and makes up a boyfriend to let news reporters be interested in her. but then rahul (salman khan) appears and he claims to be her boyfriend.priyanka chopra is still not a good actress. when she yells, i get annoyed. salman khan cannot play comic roles. but in his serious parts he is marvelous.2. vinay (anil kapoor) is married to seema (juhi chawla). he gets in a midlife crisis and gets attracted to a much younger woman, with forgetting what he really has in life; his wife and kids.anil kapoor en juhi are natural born actors / actresses. they are great. but this story is to thin for them.3. shiven (akshaye khanna) is going to get married to gia (ayesha takia), but he gets cold feet and blows the wedding off.4. ashutosh (joh abraham) is married to tehzeeb (vidya balan). she gets an accident and suffers a memory loss. now she doesn't know that she loves her husband anymore.5. raju (govinda) is a cab driver. he meets stephani (shannon esrechowitz) who is a white woman who is in love with an indian male but he is about to get married with an indian woman. raju has to bring staphani to that man, but falls in love with her.i never liked govinda's movies. he is very annoying, not funny. but in this movie i liked him very much, like he has been growing up the last years.6. oh yes! there is sohail khan! he plays ram dayal who is just married to phoolwati (isha koppikar). he want to get some serious action with her, but every time her family comes in between.sohail khan is not a handsome actor, but he is funny! i like his movies.now here's the problem. all these stories aren't interesting. to make one story from six not interesting stories does not make the whole movie interesting! here and there the stories touch each other, but is not significant for the characters.my conclusion; priyanka cannot act! loose that woman in the bollywood industry. sohail khan should make more movies, this role for him was too small. salman khan cannot act comic roles, but real serious movies. that's written on his life as an actor. this movie sucks, and is a waste of a cast of good actors and actresses like anil kapoor, juhi chawla, akshaya khanna and john abraham.it's just like you have the ability to make a movie with amitabh bachchan, and you only let him sing a lullaby.

this thought long lost flick sometimes comes available on the web. so i bought me a copy. well, of course the acting is terrible and the story line is childish but it does have his moments. i think people who searched this one also knows the backstory of it. it was made by a grindhouse cinema owner for an extreme low budget. but for me he surely didn't spoiled the money on props but on the make up. the make up is for that kind of flick well done. the zombies are watchable and the gore is intact. the only problem with that kind of movies is the quality of the pelicule. it's terrible, luckely no hiss on the sound but sometimes it's way too dark. so you have to watch clearly to see the gore. in a funny way they tried to sell this one as really not for the squeamish. a voice-over tells in the beginning of the movie to watch out for a sign and a man appearing with green flashes, that tells you there is gore on the way. of course that doesn't work, made me think of cannibal girls, had that annoying bell when the red stuff started to flow. they had the original idea, cannibal girls was made a year earlier. don't go for the storyline, go for the zombies and notice a continuity mistake. when the girl and guy are making love first she takes of her bra, then they make love and suddenly her underwear is back on...try to do that, or am i getting a bit offline,...eat it you ugly corpses

kim basinger stars as della, a desperate housewife with a somewhat abusive husband, who gets into trouble while she's out at the local mall doing some last minute christmas shopping. after placing a hastily scrawled hateful note on a piece of paper and sticking said paper in the windshield of a car that took up two parking spaces, she finds out the owners of the car are the rainbow coilition of villains comprising of a white guy, a mexican, a chinese guy & a black. they confront her about the note, cap a helpless security guard, and the chase is on. during the course of the film della will go for hunted to hunter as she unleashes her inner bronson.i found this to be a somewhat tense little thriller. the acting was good enough (except for a few scenes, the "why god why" bit was cringe worthy in it's badness though) it comes undone a bit due to the sheer fact that the villains della chases from/after are mind-numbingly stupid. if they hadn't had the intellect of any given "home alone" baddie, perhaps their eventual defeat would be something to savor instead of the meh reaction it evokes. the unbelievability factor i'm willing to overlook as both the director & one of the producers had part in bringing "shoot em up" to the screen (a film which while throwing credibility out the window was immensely fun). this film while never attaining the heights of that film, was good in it's own rights.my grade: c- anchor bay dvd extras: commentary with writer/director susan montford and producer don murphy; a 25 and a half minute 'making-of'; a trailer & two tv spots for this film; and trailer for lower learning

ok, if you're a woman who's got aggression issues, you might like this movie. hate your significant other? this movie is for you. for the guys, it will be a bag of laughs.it's sad when former award winning actresses have to do cut rate movies.the only really good part is the last 10 seconds. even that was a load of cheese.my wife is picking the worst movies lately. this is what you get (i) for letting my wife pick movies based on reading reviews on movie rental sites.

fail. i'd love to give this crap a 0. yes, i registered just to rate this garbage. i want to go back in time and cut my wrist. heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. fail. i'd love to give this crap a 0. yes, i registered just to rate this garbage. i want to go back in time and cut my wrist. heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. fail. i'd love to give this crap a 0. yes, i registered just to rate this garbage. i want to go back in time and cut my wrist. heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. fail. i'd love to give this crap a 0. yes, i registered just to rate this garbage. i want to go back in time and cut my wrist. heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines. fail. i'd love to give this crap a 0. yes, i registered just to rate this garbage. i want to go back in time and cut my wrist. heres some copy and paste to take up 10 lines.

where to start...oh yea, message to the bad guys: when you first find the person you have been tracking (in order to kill) that witnessed a crime you committed, don't spend time talking to her so that she has yet another opportunity to get away. message to the victim: when the thugs are talking amongst themselves and arguing, take that opportunity to "run away", don't sit there and watch them until you make a noise they hear. message to the director: if someone has a 5 or 10 minute head start in a vehicle or on foot, you can't have the bad guys on their heels or bumper right away! time and motion doesn't work that way. it would also be nice to think that a woman doesn't have to brutally kill( 4) men in order to empower herself to leave an abusive relationship at home.

just had to write that one liner, but it really is. i love the gangster genre and this is the weakest entry i've seen in recent years . i have praises for everyone involved in most aspects except the most important one, the script . it is a weak story about a petty criminal. no amount of fine acting or black and white film styling can make up for a total lack of substance. i love kevin spacey and i hear he's gonna do another film about the general. my advice is don't waste your time.

john boorman's 1998 the general was hailed as a major comeback, though it's hard to see why on the evidence of the film itself. one of three films made that year about famed northern irish criminal martin cahill (alongside ordinary decent criminal and vicious circles), it has an abundance of incident and style (the film was shot in colour but released in b&w scope in some territories) but makes absolutely no impact and just goes on forever. with a main character who threatens witnesses, car bombs doctors, causes a hundred people to lose their jobs, tries to buy off the sexually abused daughter of one of his gang to keep out of jail and nails one of his own to a snooker table yet still remains a popular local legend an attractive enough personality for his wife to not only approve but actually suggest a ménage a trios with her sister, it needs a charismatic central performance to sell the character and the film. it doesn't get it. instead, it's lumbered with what may well be brendan gleeson's worst and most disinterested performance: he delivers his lines and stands in the right place but there's nothing to suggest either a local hero or the inner workings of a complex character. on the plus side, this helps not to overglamorize a character who is nothing more than an egotistical thug, but it's at odds with a script that seems to be expecting us to love him and his antics.there's a minor section that picks up interest when the ira whips up a local hate campaign against the 'general' and his men, painting them as 'anti-social' drug dealers purely because cahill won't share his loot from a robbery with them, but its temporary resolution is so vaguely shot - something to do with cahill donning a balaclava and joining the protesters which we're expected to find lovably cheeky - that it's just thrown away. things are more successful in the last third as the pressure mounts and his army falls apart, but by then it's too late to really care. adrian dunbar, maria doyle kennedy and the gorgeous angeline ball do good work in adoring supporting roles, but jon voight's hammy garda beat cop seems to be there more for american sales than moral balance, overcompensating for gleeson's comatose non-involvement in what feels like a total misfire. come back zardoz, all is forgiven.

the only redeeming qualities this movie has are the fairly original death scenes. other than that this movie is a big dud. we have kim basinger, the beleaguered housewife slowly meandering thru the local mall for the first 30 min. of the movie, which added nothing. then the movie picks up a bit as she has a confrontation with 4 punks who took up 2 parking spaces on this busy xmas eve. they begin to chase her after offing the local security guard who tried to help her. from there this movie gets worse, way worse. i know its only a movie and you've gotta go with the flow but she's got about a 5 min. headstart and she can't hide or find someone to help her. instead she drives to a half built subdivision beside a forest. in typical fashion she does everything she can to allow her followers to easily track her. but now she turns into one tough mofu. you get the point. do not under any circumstances buy or rent this movie no matter how much you like this type. it's so illogical you'll be questioning every scene. it is embarrassing for basinger and craig sheffer and the rest of the cast, as well as the consumers.

what is most striking about this semi-musical set in 1920s berlin is the marvelous cinematography and editing. it's top of the line from first national in these departments. the story is mildly engaging and similar to the plots of miller's other two films (sunny, sally) where working girl is romanced by rich boy with family disapproval, complications and final clinch. all the four musical numbers are bunched at the beginning of the film and we go for a long stretch without any further musical buoyancy. miller sings parts of i think of baby and reprises because of you. there are also don't ever be blue and though you're not the first one.miller here is very engaging and delightful, quite reminiscent of irene dunne in manner and delivery. sad she does not dance as that is her forte. sally remains her finest film, with this trailing as second and the rather poor sunny a vastly inferior runner up. her life was tragically cut short by a sinus infection before the days when hospitals and antibiotics made such tragedies preventable. it's worth visiting these films though to see ziegfeld's top star of the twenties.

written by a woman, and directed by another. whoppie. are we in for a feminist ride or what. fasten your seat-belts, ladies, for we are about to enter a world of mean men and innocent, well-intentioned women.in this soaper trish comes across a guy in the employment agency who behaves, looks, and dresses like a pimp(!) and gives her a job with the hope of nailing her some time later. in his office he even touches her chin the way a megalomaniacal heavy in a bond movie would a touch a girl just after he's captured her and just before he is ready to kill her alongside with bond. some time later the pimp/employment guy stalks trish in a ladies' dressing-room, harasses her, and even comes close to raping her. oh, these evil, evil men. they are all bad, don't you know. you can't even look for a job nowadays without getting raped, right ladies? well, we'll show 'em! in this film there is some kind of a divorced women's club or something, headed by a janet leigh who speaks for all women involved in this film when she says that "men are all s**t". she moans about how terrible men are; she has been divorced five times. now, seriously: any woman who marries twenty times and then uses that statistic as an argument that men are all "bad" must have realized eventually that the explanation might lie elsewhere, or? it must occur to her that: a) she is a bad judge of male character, or - much more likely - b) she is the one impossible to live with - her ex-husbands were probably the victims, or if they were indeed a**holes then she probably got what she deserved. (don't the likes of zsa-zsa gabor and liz taylor prove this point? show me a likable woman who got married this often and i'll show you a way to reach the planet mars using only roller-skates and a ladder.) trish eventually meets a computer guy who restores her faith in men - but hold your horses; this guy turns out to be married, therefore proving without a doubt that men are indeed all "bad". were it not, of course, for a kindly old vegetable seller around the corner who loves his wife even though she's still dead - proving that all men are "bad" except for kindly old men whose penises don't work and they "can't get none" anyway so they are forced to abandon a life of a**holocolism and finally give women the respect they deserve. even the supporting male characters are all "bad"; the black guy in the employment agency is unfriendly, and the guy in the mortuary is out-right rude - and insensitive (the bastard, *sob*...*sniffle*) and what's with this corny, corny ending?... minutes before court-time trish abandons the claim to any of her husband's money, realizing that she is now "free" and that she can finally do that jump into the swimming pool...?? what's all that about?? her jump into the pool is then - very predictably - frame-frozen as the credits start to role in, while life-inspiring i-don't-need-revenge-nor-my-husband's-money music starts kicking in. her girlfriends are shocked by her abandonment of money claims, but they don't stay shocked for long and soon start kidding each other about what a heart-attack trish's lawyer will get when he hears about this. the shyster lawyer is naturally a man. an evil, evil, terrible "bad" man, whose only interest in this world is money... ah, these men; all they care about is money; they know nothing of the higher values in life - like shopping. i am glad we have movies like this; they bring the sexes closer together, but most importantly, they teach girls and young women that men are all horny, selfish, skirt-chasing bastards who will dump you into a world of poverty and misery the first chance they get. so, girls, open your mouths an stick your tongues into your girlfriend's mouths. lesbian power!

i can't believe i wasted my time with this movie. i couldn't even call it a movie. it was so bad with nothing to recommend it. i like low budget movies and weird flicks but this one had me bored to death. badly made and bad acting ruined it from being curious. you have to wonder what these people were thinking when they spent money to produce this movie. i wonder what i was thinking watching it to the end. i recommend this movie to no one. how did they release this? was there an audience who likes this kind of movie? there must be because you can find this at almost any video store. but why?deserves to be forgotten.if you like bad movies then this is for you.

overall this movie is dreadful, and should have never been made. one of the problems with this movie is that there is no link to the audience and the characters, for example, if she is about to be attacked, you want to feel, "oh my god, no!", but you don't in this case, you don't care because there is no link that has been made to know the character. in the trailer, it seemed as though the movie would be great, yet there is no suspense what so ever really. there could have been maybe some mystery but there is not. "all she has is a toolbox." was said on the dvd's back, you would think that it was carefully planned this movie, and cleverly made, but it is not, the ending, was just awful, very straight forward, and pointless too. the acting is either average or below average, maybe even lower. in my opinion it was a waste of an hour of my life. the "special effects" and sets were average too, nothing special what so ever. there is not much gore, or bloody violence, not much blood is shown. this movie was advertised to make it sound quite amazing, yet really, its not even worth looking for, i do not recommend this to anyone, unless they are easily satisfied, by a few fights and a boring story.

i can't believe the likes of guillermo del toro and kim bassinger got involved ins this piece of garbage! the script is so poorly written and the directing so weak (both by the same person) that its hard to find more one-dimension characters in a film. the dialogs are so lame that this so called thriller got laughs out of the few fools that got into the theatre. the setup it's tricky, inviting you to believe you are going to watch a chilling thriller and suddenly it turns out into the most stupid persecution film. bassinger's character is so dumb, that she actually stops to scream to god "where are you!" so the people after her can follow, and then takes a leak!!!! and then she apparently got into the smallest wood in the world, i mean, she runs all over the place and the killers never loose track of her, and this happens in the middle of the night. it really makes me wonder, is that really the best writing people in hollywood can find that they spend millions producing it.

a friend once asked me to read a screenplay of his that had been optioned by a movie studio. to say it was one of the most inept and insipid scripts i'd ever read would be a bold understatement. yet i never told him this. why? because in a world where films like "while she was out" can be green-lighted and attract an oscar- winning star like kim basinger, a screenplay lacking in character, content and common sense is no guarantee that it won't sell.as so many other reviewers have pointed out, "while she was out" is a dreadfully under-written woman-in-peril film that has abused housewife basinger hunted by four unlikely hoods on christmas eve. every gripe is legitimate, from the weak dialog and bad acting to the jaw-dropping lapses of logic, but basinger is such an interesting actress and the premise is not without promise. here are a couple of things that struck me:1) i don't care how much we are supposed to think her husband is a jerk, the house is a mess with toys. since when did it become child abuse to make kids pick up after themselves?2) racially diverse gangs are rare everywhere except hollywood, where they are usually the only racially balanced groups on screen.3) sure the film is stupid. but so are the countless "thrillers" i've sat through where the women are portrayed as wailing, helpless victims of male sadism. stupid or not, i found it refreshing to see a woman getting the best of her tormentors.4) i loved the ending! 5) though an earlier reviewer coined this phrase, i really do think this film should be retitled "the red toolbox of doom."

i don't often give one star reviews, but the computer won't let me do negative numbers.the opening titles tell us we're in deep water already. although this is a low budget exploitation film, there are 17 producers credited. no. no.at the beginning of the story abusive husband kenneth comes home to his family in an upscale gated community. the house is a pigsty. his wife, della (kim basinger) has let the children run amok all day.ok. we're already in deep water. ms. basinger was 55 years old when the film came out. uh, are these her children or grandchildren? it's christmas eve. della drives to the mall, a lengthy scene that could have been cut. to bludgeon home the idea of eeeeeeevil male aggression rampant in the universe she drives past football players in full uniform playing in pouring rain on christmas eve. sure. for a bonus she sees a vehicle with a slaughtered deer tied to it.we get some actual suspense in the driving scenes, though. it's raining and traffic is bad. first we see della try to drive and smoke at the same time. then later della tries to drive and talk on her cell phone at the same time, at one point turning completely around to check the cluttered back seat for the charger for the phone.she wanders the mall, sees an old friend from college, tries to buy stuff but her credit card is declined- gosh, maybe her husband is grumpy because he's going broke, but that's too complicated for the script to follow.in the parking lot she runs afoul of the most ludicrous gang in the history of films. one white boy (lukas hass watching his career go down the toilet), one black, one asian, and one hispanic. imagine a company of up with people gone to the bad and you'll have the idea.although they have a gun she gives them attitude. a mall cop comes to investigate the ruckus and they shoot him in the head, firing more than once. the parking lot is crowded as can be, people everywhere, and nobody notices.della escapes in her car and rather than choosing a police station or well lighted safe area, she drives to a construction site, where she kills all four bad boys one at a time with simply the tools (literally) at hand.major spoiler ahead.she drives back home. the car poops out so she walks through the pouring rain. checks on the children, goes downstairs, and when her husband petulantly asks what she got him at the mall shows him the gun and shoots him at point blank range.the experience with the four punks was supposed to result in personal empowerment for della. instead we know that her children will probably spend christmas in foster care or a group home, because the state will collect them while she answers to murder one charges. the four punks can be classified as justifiable homicide in self defense. the husband, different story.i'm so glad i saw this on cable. if i'd seen it in a theater (did it get any release?) i'd have been furious. as is, i'm just sad seeing talents like ms. basinger and mr. haas waste themselves on garbage like this.one very good thing, though. this was written and directed by susan montford. ms. montford has not gotten another writing or directing credit since passing this turd. there is justice in the world.

the genre of suspense films really takes a dive in this one. the big problem is implausability. i realize that you need to create difficult situations which would cause suspense and the tense feeling of whats going to happen next, but this movie was so predictable, and is just not believable. i find that the more i watch this kind of movie, the more i am continually saying things to actors to direct them away from danger. continually making bad decisions just borders on being plain stupid. if they took the time to make it more realistic, i might have enjoyed it a little. having said that, you might be better off staying away from this one.

its christmas eve and lazy and submissive housewife della (kim basinger) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband. leaving her twin children in bed she ventures off into the night for one last shopping spree at the local mall. its busy there and finding a parking space is nigh on impossible, della takes umbrage at one motorist who parks in two spaces, she leaves them a note saying as much. returning to her car after visiting the shops she is confronted by some yobs, yup the owners of the car she left a note on, they are very angry and want some fun with her, a kindly security guard steps into assist her, but things get out of hand and the guard is shot, della flees with the now murderous yobs in hot pursuit, they shoot at her, she looses control of her car and crashes, quickly grabbing her toolbox from the trunk, she hides in a deserted building site, but is soon caught, just before they try to rape and kill her, from her magical toolbox she produces a wrench, wounding their leader "chuckie", she manages to escape again into the nearby woods, in the fracas one of the gang is killed, it just happens to be the black guy here the night gets worse for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues. a similar plot line to eden lake drew me to this, but that is where the comparisons end. this is a brainless and dumb film, shockingly scripted and horribly acted by all involved, the doe eyed disney-esquire twin kids are horrible to watch, but its lukas haas as chuckie, that must take the plaudits in the bad acting department, although he is given a run for his money by the equally awful husband. as a film its plot line is completely telegraphed all the way through, even in the set up early on della's cell phone goes dead and then in the shops her credit card has been cancelled by her hubby and she has no cash and its christmas eve, now where could they be going with this i wonder??? the only surprising part of this $hit is when after killing all the clichéd bad guys with the contents of her magic toolbox, she demands chuckie to f@ck her, if my jaw had not already been on the floor at this films awfulness, it would surely have dropped and smashed on the floor. even the ending is messed up, all the feminist grannies wanting their pound of flesh are left utterly disappointed.. i didn't think i could be further disappointed, but then i saw that guillermo del toro produced this dreck

so this is what actress kim basinger has succumbed to? mmm to tell the truth the film's title is something quite eye grabbing to getting your interest and plot outline reads so basic, but simplicity can have its strengths. anyhow by the end of 'while she was out' i was left feeling rather indifferent. not the worse (despite being engulfed by negatives), but there's easily way better in what is an causally lukewarm, but compact and unbalanced late-night survival fable of a feeble suburban housewife stranded in the woods trying to fight for her life after she witnessed the death of a rent a cop that came to her aid, when she provoked an ugly exchange with some punks in a shopping car park.the problem here falls on the misguidedly erratic and foreseeable material (taken from a short story), along with the very variable performances. the flimsy script was poorly thought-out (which isn't so good when your plot has a slight structure to hang off), so many wretched inclusions and dubious actions just go on to find its way in this endless chain of events. as for the bunch of stereotypical goons (led by an unconvincing lukas hass as a loose canon) terrorizing basinger, well they were less than threatening, but hopelessly clueless. watching basinger scrounging around in the dank wilderness with a red tool box in her hand (don't ask me why?) knocking off these wannabe punks one by one became ridiculous because it didn't elicit tension or emotion but instead clumsy jolts that were absurdly daft because of the stupidity of the lead up. basinger's performance is stout-like, but doesn't craft much empathy. craig sheffer shows up as her hot-headed husband. strangely i couldn't keep my eyes off the screen thinking to myself that red toolbox is hypnotic (why would she be constantly carrying it) and what tool was she going to use to dispatch the next thug her choices were quite disappointing. watching her transformation through the traumatic situation when things are finally turned around is rather empty, due to its unsure tone and the ending is something you could see miles ahead.susan montford's soberly slick direction lacks cohesion and energy, as it pretty much chugs along. i liked the opening credits though, with its hauntingly sullen score (which is the most effective thing throughout the feature) and polished photography.no great shakes. doesn't ask much of your time, but i wouldn't care to see it again. however with the inclusion of a joy division song, it made me grab a couple of their albums for a listen.

first of all, really kim basinger? your rich banker husband leaves you alone in your beautiful, most likely paid in cash for home, and you can't even put on a decent shirt? i'm a woman, and yes, i'm going to come right out say it--clean something, starting with your hair. and while you're at it, it's christmas eve. buy your kids some presents...or at least a christmas tree. don't drive 40 minutes to the crowded mall, park your car 3 miles away and cry about it the whole walk in, and simply buy wrapping paper. also, the next time you decide to leave someone a nasty note, don't sign your name. i refuse to feel sorry for della. obviously, due to the fact that kim basinger is this masterpiece's executive producer, she wants you to feel bad for the poor white blond woman. we get it. alec baldwin is a jerk, but seriously, don't model horrible films after your own life. also, you're in you 50s. you definitely wouldn't have 8 year old twins. and those names? terry and tammy. way to let your kids grow up with any decent chance of ever respecting themselves. it's also pretty fantastic to hear the characters in the film constantly call her beautiful or refer to her as a "girl"...obviously ms. basinger had some say about what goes in the script. it's also pretty awesome how none of the criminals can fight back. apparently, della's magical ninja skills are impossible to beat. her driving skills are pretty nifty too. this film is so cliché, it hurts. wahhhhh! they spelled your name wrong on the tea cup. or your husband put a hole in the wall but all you can think about is buying nail polish when you're at the mall instead of maybe some plaster and paint. or the woman you went to high school with bought the teddy you were looking at. boohooo! the fact that she refuses to take off that bright trench coat while running through the woods screaming and breaking everything in her path proves my point--this woman is a moron. who thinks to grab the toolbox out of the car, but not their purse, full of identifying artifacts such as your address. i have never wanted the "bad guys" to succeed as much as when i watched this film. and did anyone else happen to catch the "african american" shirt the black guy was sporting? oh yes, rewind and feast your eyes on perhaps the most racially stereotypical prop in a film yet. don't waste and hour and twenty minutes of your life. instead, go do what della couldn't figure out how to do...take care of your kids, and maybe brush your hair. that powerful ballad at the end though was pretty impressive. singing "i'll be home for christmas" in the rain while your bloody arm clings oh so tightly to your wrapping paper is about as emotional as it gets. thanks della!

she may have an oscar and a golden globe, but this film shows why she also is a perennial razzie nominee. to do a film that is so bad must be an indication that she needs money. she could do ads on why you shouldn't talk on a cell phone while driving, especially at night on the way to a crowded mall.susan montford should stick to producing (shoot 'em up ) as she is not very good as a writer/director.she is accosted by four thugs in the mall parking lot, and the first thing they do is tell her they have a gun. what does she do? she starts pushing and cursing them like she knows martial arts or something. she manages to get away, but gets lost in the forest after crashing. why didn't she run to someones house? we get four thugs with guns chasing a lady with a toolbox. of course, their guns are no match for her wrench. ha! of course, she also has a tire iron and a screwdriver. those poor thugs.now, she's home for christmas - and she brought a gun!

i remember the days in which kim basinger was nothing more than a pretty face who adorned movies with typical characters of dumb blondie,romantic interest or damsel in danger.but,everything changed when she won an academy award as best supporting actress for her role in the excellent movie l.a. confidential,and i think i was not the only one who was surprised by her solid performance.however,after that moment,her career did not follow the ideal path.sure,the prestige she won thanks to that movie made her to participate on moderately prestigious movies (like people i know or the door in the floor),but we have never seen her again on a substantial character.the movie while she was out does nothing to put her on that situation; and it is not only that her character is not too tasty,but also that the movie is really crappy.the screenplay from this movie could not be more hollow and basic.however,basinger brings some conviction to her character,and that makes this poor movie to win a few points.this movie is full of clichés and generic villains.the work of director susan montford is truly disastrous for many reasons but mainly,because the movie never gets a good rhythm and tone.the ending from this movie is extremely ridiculous.i do not recommend while she was out at all.this film commits the capital sin of being boring.

ben masters,(kyd thomas),"dream lover",'86 plays a sort of mike hammer character, a private eye who does any old job for a buck and never misses out on all the sexy curves of good looking gals. kyd makes one big mistake when he stops morgan fairchild,(laura cassidy/eva bomberg),"arizona summer",'73 from getting beaten up and raped. kyd takes laura home to his pad and when he wakes up, she is out on his patio eating his eggs and orange juice and making herself right at home. by the way, kyd sleep in his bed and laura slept on the couch for this particular scene. laura is mixed up with all kinds of hoods and there are some hot scenes between kyd and laura. all said and done, this is a lousy picture and i purchased the dvd for only $1.50 and i really got ripped off !

when i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. i watched then with very low expectations. now this movie isn't bad per se. you get what you pay for. it is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. definitely not a hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. i would probably never watch this movie again. in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. i didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player. the story has been done many times in many movies. this one is no different, no better, no worse. just your average movie.

when i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. i watched then with very low expectations. now this movie isn't bad per se. you get what you pay for. it is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. definitely not a hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. i would probably never watch this movie again. in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. i didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player. the story has been done many times in many movies. this one is no different, no better, no worse. just your average movie.

when i got this movie free from my job, along with three other similar movies.. i watched then with very low expectations. now this movie isn't bad per se. you get what you pay for. it is a tale of love, betrayal, lies, sex, scandal, everything you want in a movie. definitely not a hollywood blockbuster, but for cheap thrills it is not that bad. i would probably never watch this movie again. in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time, or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time. despite the bad acting, cliché lines, and sub par camera work. i didn't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player. the story has been done many times in many movies. this one is no different, no better, no worse. just your average movie.

there aren't many good things to say at all about underneath, soderbergh's untrue endeavor into neo-noir. soderbergh remakes robert siodmak's decent noir criss-cross faithfully, not altering the plot very much at all, however the adaptation drains it of every ounce of its state-of-the-art film noir atmosphere, giving it the same story set in the very least appealing places, lifestyles and anachronisms. soderbergh, who would later make wonderful crime films like out of sight and the ocean's series with great style and atmosphere, takes the dangerously obvious route to modernization by renovating the story with the ugliest, dullest and flattest fashions of the early 1990s. nightclubs have terrible, revoltingly dressed garage bands, peter gallagher's uninteresting version of burt lancaster's anti-hero is left by his femme fatale girlfriend for compulsively buying cinematically lifeless modern appliances like stereos, tvs, and other up to date pieces of equipment that suck the reaction out of the film.it could've been more entertaining and less boring had it a few saving graces like a good score, more flesh to its characters, more than just william fichtner giving performances that aren't wooden, a crisper pace. unfortunately, underneath has none of these things. soderbergh, a fine director, does not utilize his dry detachment to the benefit of his film this time. that disposition works wonderfully when he's helming a crime movie with more tongue in its cheek like the george clooney pictures previously mentioned, or a social or character drama like traffic or sex, lies and videotape. with a movie like underneath, it intensifies the boredom experienced by the viewer.

i read somewhere where this film was supposed to be a remake of the 1949 film noir, "criss cross." i found the latter to be disappointing but it was still better than this film. this movie is a "neo-noir" since it's modern-day and it's in color, two things that purists would make it be disqualified for film noir status. the biggest negative to it, however, wasn't the cinematography (that was fine) but the muddled storyline. hey, some of '40s dashiell hammett stories were similar but i didn't care for some of those either. the filmmakers here did not help the situation by placing flashbacks into the story what seemed like every three minutes. no wonder it was the keep up with this story. it was ridiculous! what happens is that by the 45-minute mark, their is so much confusion nobody cares anymore. i know i didn't.

look, it's the third one, so you already know it's bad. and "maniac cop" wasn't good enough to warrant the second installment, so you know it's even worse. but how much worse? awful, approaching god-awful.when maniac cop goes on a killing spree, a reporter exclaims, "what happened here can only be described as a black rainbow of death."1-- rainbows are not black, and can never be. 2-- rainbows are harmless, and can never inflict pain or death. 3-- a news reporter, one valuable to his agency, might find another way to describe the aftermath of a killing spree. "a black rainbow of death" is not the only way to describe the given situation.this is what you're in for.

the supernatural, vengeful police officer is back for a third installment, this time acting as guardian angel for a wrongfully accused female cop. standard stalk and slash picture, yet well acted and directed, thus making it oddly interesting and watchable, though the violence isn't for the squeamish (especially the director's cut which was originally given an "nc-17" rating).*1/2 out of ****

matt cordell is back from the dead for a third go-round, although i'm not sure anyone cared at this point except for rabid manica cop fans. cordell, who died in the last flick, is resurrected through voodoo, and is now hot on the trail of several miscreants involved in the shooting of a fellow officer cordell is very fond of. i missed part of this early '90s low-budget quickie, but it was pleasing to see cordell wracking up the body count in various, gruesome ways. problem is, the overall film is pretty static, and cordell simply ain't jason or freddy. the interest wanes pretty fast, even with that grand b-movie master robert forster as a doctor who ends up with his brains scrambled. stick with the first film in the series, which is funny and scary and exciting, all at the same time.

i am at a distinct disadvantage here. i have not seen the first two movies in this series, although i have seen a lot of larry cohen films. fans of the series seem to think this is a good film. judging it on it's own, it was pretty boring.you never get a real good look at the maniac cop's (robert z'dar) face, but what i did see was pretty grim. the death scenes seem to be staged to eat up the most film, not to give any thrills. maybe if i saw the nc-17 director's cut, i may be more impressed.the ending with the car chase with z'dar, caitlin dulany, and robert davi was pretty intense. best part of the movie.

i always thought people were a little too cynical about these old andy hardy films. a couple of them weren't bad. modern film critics are not ones who usually prefer nice to nasty, so goody-two shoes movies like these rarely get praisenonetheless, i can't defend this movie either. you can still have an dated dialog but still laugh and cry over the story. watching this, you just shake your head ask yourself, "how stupid can you get?" this is cornier than corny, if you know what i mean. it is so corny i cannot fathom too many people actually sitting through the entire hour-and-a-half.the story basically is "andy" (mickey rooney) trying to get out of jam because he makes up some story about involved with some débutante from new york city as if that was the ultimate. people were a lot more social-conscious in the old days. you'd hear the term "social-climber" as if knowing rich or beautiful people was the highest achievement you could make it life. it's all utter nonsense, of course, and looks even more so today.however, it's about as innocent and clean a story and series (there were a half dozen of these andy hardy films made) as you could find. also, if you like to hear judy garland sing, then this is your ticket, as she sings a couple of songs in here and she croons her way into andy's heart. oh man, i almost throw up even writing about this!

when the folks at kino video assembled their fine "slapstick encyclopedia" collection, a multi-cassette selection of silent comedies, someone decided to kick off the first installment with one too many (1916), an obscure one-reel farce made in florida starring the very young oliver hardy. as enjoyable as the set is over all, this decision was an unfortunate one, for one too many is a very poor film which almost discourages the viewer from watching further. like any typical farce, this one involves deception inspired by greed, panic when plans go awry, and complications escalating to the point of absurdity, but unlike the good ones, one too many is incoherent, unfunny, and downright annoying. it's hard to tell at this point whether the hopelessly confusing plot is the result of missing footage or inept film-making, but whatever the cause, by the halfway point even the most alert viewer has no idea what the character relationships are or what is happening, and by the end one no longer cares.the only point of interest here is seeing the 24 year-old "babe" hardy, who appears considerably heavier than he would a decade later when he teamed with stan laurel, but who is nonetheless full of youthful energy. in the opening scene, awakening with a hangover, babe performs a highly athletic backward roll off a bed. trust me, that's as funny as this movie gets. if you read this before seeing the first cassette of kino's "slapstick encyclopedia" i suggest you fast-forward past this one and skip to the good stuff.

a sentimental school drama set in denmark, 1969, "we shall overcome" offers a pathetic danish take on us culture. frits (janus dissing rathke), a flower-power obsessed, naive 13-year-old, exits with half his ear hanging off from brutal master lindum-svendsen's (bent mejding) office. lindum-svendsen, a school director, portrayed as a fascistoid tyrant, has the local community in control. lindum-svendsen's gone too far this time, and with his father, recovering from a mental breakdown (sure, there wasn't enough drama already..), and overly stereotyped hippie music teacher mr svale ('hi, call me freddie'), frits stands up for justice.tell you what. it's so unconvincing, over-(method-)acted, and so full of misery, that as a 'family' picture this grotesque -filled with cliché's- excuse for a movie fails miserably to convince non-scandinavian audiences. sorry, kind danish readers, to crash like this into your sentimental journeys.. but it's definitely not a tale about a 'boy becoming a man by fighting the system'. the boy never becomes a man, but rather remains a naive, big eyed cry-face. if you call a church of small minded small town folk, led by a dictator like cartoonish character "the system", i'm sorry if i'm missing something.if you're into family pictures, go see happy feet instead..

to call this anything at all would be an insult to everything else. some expletives might describe it, but still too positively. normally one ignores this kind of rubbish, but it was so stupid that one can but despair. would have though that even americans and commercial tv-stations would have given this piece of s**t a miss. but as the germans say: gegen die dummheit kaempfen die goetter selbst vergebens!

weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpless fumbling characters. at first i thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old kojac episode. when i checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 i was astonished. this is by far one of the worst and least (thriller) movies i have ever seen.if you read this, be advised, if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting, like watching paint dry.

comment this movie is impossible. is terrible, very improbable, bad interpretation e direction. not look!!!!!

watching this movie made me think constantly; why are they making such a problem out of some broken brakes? there are a million options to slow down the car! in the movie speed the writers a least thought of a good reason why the car wasn't able to stop...there aren't many good things to say about this film; all the usual narrative cliche's make their appearance, the actors are very bad, the story is as leak as a sieve etc. that makes this movie a waste of time and money.

'the fox and the child' is the new film by french director luc jacquet, who brought us the oscar-winning documentary 'march of the penguins.' it focuses around a young girl (wonderfully played by bertille noël-bruneau) and her blooming friendship with a fox.there are some truly mesmerizing moments here; badgers mucking about, a lynx chasing the fox through a snow-littered forest; one scene in particular when the fox is being tormented by a pack of wolves is quite intense and even frightening at times. however, there's simply not quite enough of them.beautifully shot; the cinematography is dazzling. the bubbly kind of look of the film is wonderful. it's undeniably a very lush production.the english version is narrated by kate winslet, but what little dialogue there already is has been very poorly dubbed. the score is also far too fluffy, or at least it is for my liking; and the screenplay, while subtle, seemingly jumps from one scenario to another, ultimately leaving me almost baffled.while there's a nice moral at the heart of the film, and the rather quiet performance from noël-bruneau is quite lovely, the real star is the fox. those captivating moments focusing solely around our furry little friend are tremendous. however, again, there's simply not nearly enough of them.- to keep up to date with all the latest in film, including reviews, news, discussions and more, be sure to visit www.mybluray.com.au

the one reason i remember this is that it was shown the week after nigel kneale`s brilliant quatermass serial was broadcast . the trailers made heavy emphasis that the main character had a mutilated arm which had me hoping he`d be like victor caroon from the quatermass experiment stalking the streets of london .no such luck because the racing game is just a rather drab thriller with the gimmick of having a hero with a physical disability trying to get to the bottom of investigations of corrupt horse racing . i suppose if you`re a fan of dick francis you might enjoy it but setting it in the context of the late 70s when the sweeney had just finished and the professionals was still being produced , there`s something lacking about the racing game . one trailer featured a car over taking another on a motor way , if it`d been a trailer for the sweeney you`d see jack regan over taking a car and beating a confession out of the slags who`d done a blag while the professionals would have over taken a car and blown away the terrorists inside . i think that sums up what`s wrong with this series

basing a television series on a popular author's works is no guarantee of success. yorkshire television learnt this the hard way when in 1979 they bought the rights to the books credited to dick francis, three of which were broadcast under the collective title 'the racing game'. mike gwilym was sid halley, a former jockey turned private eye following an accident in which he lost his right hand, only to have it replaced by an artificial one. gwilym suffered from an acute lack of charisma ( and looked like one of the bad guys ) while mick ford ( who played the irritating chico barnes ) made me think of a horse's arse whenever he was on screen. for six weeks, this less-than dynamic duo charged about the countryside, foiling nefarious plots to fix races, usually by the same methods - blackmail, kidnapping riders or doping horses. yorkshire television threw money at the show, but to no avail. violent, sexist, far-fetched and repetitious, it was quickly carted off to the knackers yard.

i saw this movie a couple years back. i could'nt sleep and there was nothing on. so i peeped it. what really gets me is it makes no sense and thats why its disturbing. richard gets tied up in chicken wire and jarvis starts making out with richard's girl while she's unconscious. then jarvis's buddy troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar. by the next morning it shows richard's girl talking to jarvis and trouby and then she walks back to richard and looks at him while he's still tied up. then they play some happy music and the movie is finished. i mean what happened? did they brake up? and what was she saying to those 2 guys(trouby and jarvis)? its to puzzling and to poor to. i can't stand movies that are disturbing and don't make sense. this was the worst film i've ever seen since the 90's version of lord of the flies.

return to cabin by the lake just.... was lacking. it must have had a very low budget because a fair amount of the movie must have been filmed with a regular video camera. so, within the same scene - you'll have some movie-quality camera shots and simple video camera shots. it makes for a very odd blend! i think they should have found some way to not do the "home video" type effect! i think it's worthwhile to see it if you have seen the original cbtl because then you can compare and see the differences. but if you haven't seen the original cbtl.... you'll never want to see it if you see this one first! it will probably seem way too cheesy and turn you off from even caring about the original one.

skippy from "family ties" plays eddie, a wussy 'metal' nerd who gets picked on. when his favorite wussy 'metal' singer, sammi curr, dies, he throws a hissy fit tearing down all the posters on his bedroom wall. but when he later gets an unreleased record that holds the spirit of his dead 'metal' idol. he first gets sucked into ideas of revenge, but then he doesn't want to take it as far as sammi does. which isn't really that far as his main victims only seem to go to the hospital. this movie is utterly laughable and has about as much to do with real metal as say, "rock star". ok, maybe a tad more than that piece of junk, but you get my point. and how anyone can root for a guy played by skippy from "family ties" i haven't a clue. the cameo by gene simmons is ok, and ozzy osbourne reaches coherency, i applaud him for that, but otherwise skip this one.my grade: d eye candy:elise richards gets topless, an a topless extra at a pool party

preposterous sequel stretches credibility to a great degree as diabolical sociopath stanley kaldwell returns this time infiltrating the movie production of the novel he wrote for the garden drownings, assuming the identity of a second unit director he murdered.film pokes gleeful fun at hollywood, with a tongue-in-cheek script taking shots at tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses(..looking for a way up the ladder)and dislike anyone challenging them for complete spotlight. brian krause, who i thought was dreadful, overacting to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced, portrays the loud, temperamental director who doesn't like the fact that his second unit director and screenplay writer, alison(..played by dahlia salem)seem to be taking over the production. andrew moxham is paul parsons, who is the brother of a victim from the first film. the film's dark humor this time takes the idea of a serial killer actually operating as director of a movie set and exploits it for all it's worth. nelson again ably slides back into his psycho role without any difficulty, with stanley as clever as ever, using his brains to commandeer a film production, killing whoever he has to in order to maintain full control of his work, letting no one stand in his way..that is until alison realizes who stanley really is. alison is the type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject..what motivated stanley to kill, why would he do such a thing, and what led such a man down this dark path? the humor of alison actually working with that very man is also part of the satire at the heart of this dark comedy thriller. of course, you get the inevitable showdown between alison and stanley, with a really ridiculous, unbelievable conclusion regarding the killer's fate(..quite a hard pill to swallow). unlike the first film, which was photographed with sophisticated polish, director po-chih leong uses unnecessary techniques which are not needed(..such as shooting an all kinds of weird angles, slow-motion in a sepia color, and several instances which are captured on video)and rather annoy instead of impress. this sequel, to me, just wasn't on target as much as the original, with a lot of the humor less effective and more obvious.

this movie does not rock, as others have said. i found it really boring and silly. the story is about this metal high school kid who idolizes this really bad heavy metal singer. the singer dies, but not before making one last album that is to be played over the radio at, of course, midnight on halloween (which would actually make it november 1st, a much less potent date to be sure). the kid gets a copy of the record and it contains secret hidden back-play messages. it also is the key that opens the door so that the really bad metal singer can return to bring havoc and death to the world. the first part of this film is not a horror film at all, but rather an after school special. we see the metal kid (the outsider) tormented over and over by the popular kids. and he fails to learn the most important lesson in high school movies: when the cool kids who bully you suddenly invite you to a party, don't go! it is a trap. especially if it is a pool party. anybody surprised when he ends up in the water?? it was such an after school special that i kept waiting for melissa sue anderson to show up and teach jody foster a lesson.so back to the horror part of the film. so this metal kid gets some powers and instead of using them to kill the bully boys (which would have made much more sense), he freaks out and tries to protect all of the bully boys and girls from harm. what? a sensitive hero? what fun is that in a horror movie? thank goodness carrie white did not follow this lesson. he actually tries to prevent having the music played at the halloween dance, the very music that could unleash a power to kill all the kids who had been mean to him. if it were me, i would have put that music on, and pronto. the rest of the movie is about this metal kid going around town trying to kill the horrible metal star he idolized. why not partner with him and really do some damage. why you ask? it seems he is in love with one of the popular girls and does not want her hurt..more appropriate for a molly ringwald film. is this a horror film or an episode of beauty and the beast? the movie just goes on and on at this point, with no scares, horror, or anything worth watching. if you went to high school in the late 80s like i did, this movie is fun to have a little flashback to fashions and big hair, but that is it for this film. skip it and stay home and just listen to some kiss.

istanbul is another one of those expatriate films that errol flynn was making in the last decade of his life trying to support his family and stay out of trouble with the irs. it's a remake of the fred macmurray- ava gardner film singapore from a decade ago.unlike that studio product, istanbul has the advantage of that great location cinematography right at the sight of the golden horn. but errol flynn, who was aging exponentially before the camera in every film, was way too old to be playing these action/adventure types any longer. his scenes with cornell borchers really do lack conviction.as for cornell, she plays errol's former sweetheart who through the trauma of being saved from a fire now has amnesia. she both doesn't remember errol and is now married to torin thatcher. but errol's got some nasty people led by martin benson and werner klemperer who are after some diamonds which have come into his possession. got to deal with them too.best reason to see istanbul is to hear nat king cole sing and play the piano. most people today don't realize that cole was an accomplished jazz pianist, they only think of him as a singer. actually he was a pianist first, the singing was an afterthought.istanbul is a routine action/adventure film for those who are fans of that type of movie.

a bad one.oh, my...this is one of the movies, which doesn't have even one positive effect. just everything from actors to story stinks to the sky. i just wonder how low i.q. you should have to watch this kind of flick and even enjoy. is there something than this is worth watching for? well, there is a lot of nudity involved, but it's nothing particular. and when you just think that it couldn't get worse, your realize that all the naked ladies looked like there are forty years old. c'mon guys, where did you search for these actresses. in elderly home, perhaps. anyway, the leading actresses has some sex-appeal and knows how to show it. again, too bad, that she is too skinny & old. all in all, skip these one.2 out of 10

here is one of those educational short films made to learn the unknown people out there about facts of life. this time the target audience is preteen girls, the fact of life is menstruation. this animated film, created by walt disney pictures, apparently with some sponsoring from kotex.it starts with explaining how hormones make you grow and develop. with the help of animation and a female narrator it shows us how the body, especially the ovaries, uterus and vagina, work and why this all leads to menstruation. it is almost amazing, becoming the comic note here, how the subject of sex is avoided. even the word is never mentioned although "furtilized" will pass once. i don't really know why i saw this, but since it is one of those rare short films that could give an impression of an innocent time, you might want to give it a try.

antonioni, by making this film, had assumed the role of papa smurf to all the little long-haired, american, radical student-smurfs. he had taken them under the guiding protection of his european communist wings, showing appreciation and support for their confused american ways. (these smurfs are red and wear blue, not the other way around.) the radical smurfs were happy to get the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly preys to the god of all long-haired smurfs, lenin the communist - another wise old man whose beard made the smurfs take him even more seriously, for it symbolized something wise, though they did not quite know why they regarded the beard to have this kind of deep effect on them. castro, another wise bearded man, has often profited from this confusion and exuded magical powers with his beard over his naive overseas admirers. (not to mention che guevara: that beard has a certain je-ne-sais-pas-quoi about it, makes one want to immediately embrace marx and his lovely, pacifistic teachings) the film starts with a muddled meeting of radically stupid radical students, who engage in dialogues that truly redefine the word "confused". as confused as a blind-folded dog falling of a high-story building into a bottomless pit. suddenly, the movie's "hero" (well, antonioni's hero) rises up and says something to his pathetic left-wing peers and then leaves, hoping that this display of "mega-coolness" will improve his james dean image and vastly increase his chances of getting laid with the best "chicks" in the next mass hippie orgy. eventually he gets into trouble with cops (i.e. pigs) at a rally, and spends the movie under the blue american capitalist skies, looking for freedom or something like that.antonioni's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow, but has (or had) nothing new to offer; it's just the same old trigger-happy one-dimensional cops, businessmen discussing business deals (and what's wrong with that, isn't that how antonioni's movies get made?), and endless shots of tv commercials and billboards advertising the oh-so morally decadent products for the abhorrent, selfish, and greedy right-wing rabble-population who thinks of no one but themselves, their families, their work, and their children.papa smurf antonioni, just like his long-haired smurfs and smurfettes of the late 60s, failed to notice the most obvious and vital aspect about their silly movement: they were allowed to have their laughable meetings and express their anti-establishment opinions freely within that very establishment, whereas the students in those countries whose left-wing systems they admired, did not (and still do not). by far the greatest irony about the hippies - and antonioni, naturally, failed to realize this as well (his judgment being clouded by cocaine-snorting and an excessive intake of lsd) - is that hippies were (are) the garbage-residue of capitalism. this is an incredible irony. only in a successfully-functioning capitalist system can you find that species called "hippie"; a spoiled, ungrateful, and selfish bunch of middle and upper-middle class losers.the film itself seems to go on forever. antonioni takes his sweet time with getting on with it, while including overlong scenes of pointlessness, with a high dullness factor. his attempts at symbolism are annoying and trite. his statements are highly dubious, at best. this film is antonioni's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution. and this is what we get from an old, saturated, filthy-rich, fat film-maker who lives in villas and dines in the best french and italian restaurants.i don't remember seeing any major western movie about the tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in china. but when one western student gets shot for waving che guevara's face into all our faces, we get ten major films about it at once. i suppose this means that a chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a western one  at least to the left-wing hypocrites who infest movies.if you're a marxist neo-hippy and disliked this awful review, please klick "no" below.

this film is definitely a product of its times and seen in any other context, it is an incredibly stupid movie. heck, even seen in its proper context, it's pretty bad!! mostly, this is due to a silly plot and very self-indulgent direction by the famed italian director, michelangelo antonioni. in this case, he tried to meld a very artsy style film with an anti-establishment hippie film and only succeeded in producing a bomb of gargantuan proportions.the film begins with a rap session where a lot of "with it" students sit around saying such platitudes as "power to the people" and complaining about "the man". considering most of these hippies have parents sending them to college, it seemed a bit silly for these privileged kids to be complaining so loudly and shouting revolutionary jargon. a bit later, violence between the students and the "establishment pigs" breaks out and a cop is killed. our "hero", mark, may or may not have done it, but he is forced to run to avoid prosecution. instead of heading to mexico or canada, he does what only a total moron would do--steals an airplane and flies it to the mojave desert! there, he meets a happen' chick and they then sit around philosophizing for hours. then, they have sex in one of the weirder sex scenes in cinema history. as they gyrate about in the dust, suddenly other couples appear from no where and there is a huge orgy scene. while you see a bit of skin (warranting an r-rating), it's not as explicit as it could have been. in fact, it lasts so long and seems so choreographed that it just boggles the mind. and of course, when they are finished, the many, many other couples vanish into thin air.oddly, later the couple paint the plane with some help and it looks a lot like a peter max creation. despite improving the look of the plane, the evil cops respond to his returning the plane by shooting the nice revolutionary. when the girl finds out, she goes into a semi-catatonic state and the movie ends with her seemingly imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil that they stand for (such as hard work and responsibility). instead of one simple explosion, you see the same enormous house explode about 8 times. then, inexplicably, you see tvs, refrigerators and other things explode in slow motion. while dumb, it is rather cool to watch--sort of like when david letterman blows things up or smashes things on his show.aside from a dopey plot, the film suffers from a strong need for a single likable character as well as extensive editing. at least 15 minutes could easily be removed to speed things up a bit--especially since there really isn't all that much plot or dialog. the bottom line is that this is an incredibly dumb film and i was not surprised to see it listed in "the fifty worst films" book by harry medved. it's a well deserved addition to this pantheon of crap. for such a famed director to spend so much money to produce such a craptastic film is a crime!two final observations. if you like laughing at silly hippie movies, also try watching the trial of billy jack. also, in a case of art imitating life, the lead, mark frechette, acted out his character in real life. he died at age 27 in prison a few years after participating in an act of "revolution" in which he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person. dang hippies!!

antonioni's movies have aged not well. what always surprised me about them is that, besides an unquestionable plastic beauty, there is a dull and didactic "psychology" of the characters and situations. remember, for instance, the conversations between mastroianni and the "wicked capitalistic" that wants sing up him in "la notte", or monica vitti laughing at the peasants flirting in the train in "la aventura", or ferzetti dropping the glass of ink at the end of the same film. i have reviewed yesterday "zabriskie point". in this film there are a lot of nice and elaborate shots of the rod taylor office, the streets and highways of l.a., the publicity advertisements, the deserts,etc., that show the fascination of the author in his american journey, in the same way than wim wenders years later. unfortunately, there are too a lot of hippie-leftist clichés that spoil the movie: - the boy leaves the meeting, steals an aeroplane and flies over the desert in order to liberate himself and find "something different". - the executives in grey suites speak all the time about speculation. - the girl looks at the "object women" in the swimming pool and leaves because she wants not to be like them. - the couple of fat middle-class in the caravan speak, in front of the beauty of the nature, of building a hotel and earning a lot of money. - last but not the least, a lot of couples making love in the desert. what a hippie platitude!sorry, today, half a century after the "revolution" of "la aventura" we can see that the king is naked, and his films (except "le amiche" and perhaps "il grido") are only a handful of aestheticism and commonplaces.

i admit, having come of age in the hippie-dippy age, i am a sucker for these kind of movies. i can enjoy some of the schlock of the hippie genre far more than most "normal" people. however, this movie is simply awful in every conceivable way.every trite perception of the hippie silliness is presented as gospel, cops kill a young long hair when he peacefully lands a plane. this movie is so horrible that it is not even funny to watch as a goof on the excesses of the hippie drone. it is like a left wing version of dragnet, except without professional actors. the only reason i gave it two stars was because there are some obscurities of interest on the soundtrack, besides, i couldn't find a selection for negative stars.no actors, almost no plot, sheeze, barely even a script...you got it, an "art" movie....all this done at root canal drilling slowness, dragging out each meaningless scene just to fill up time.in a bizarre twist of life imitating art, the star "nonactor" of the movie joined a commune in real life and robbed a bank in boston, one of his co-robbers was killed and he was sent to jail where he was killed in a suspicious weightlifting "accident".....and just think, he got to leave this behind as a legacy....oy vey.

in his 1966 film "blow up", antonioni had his hero question truth against a backdrop of british youth protesters. by setting such questions against a fabric of hippie youth movements, antonioni questioned, intentionally or not, the effectiveness of these organisations. how can you fight for a cause when what you think is true may actually be a lie? on the flip side, the film said that we must fight and actively challenge what we see precisely because others may be deceiving us with false images and false truths. though the hippie aspects were the most tacky parts of "blow up", they created a nice texture and gave the film more meaning than it might otherwise have had. it was a very cautionary and mature little film.with "zabriskie point" antonioni throws away all the ambiguities and subtleties of "blow up" and goes full blown hippie. the result is a film awash with bad metaphors, stupid ideas and heavy handed storytelling. how could somebody, who across his career displayed such restraint and intelligence, make something so silly? the film opens with a nice series of close ups, as we watch a group of radicals discussing the meaning of revolution. suddenly one man (mark) gets up and leaves. he hates the rigid and ordered nature of revolution. he recognises that, though revolutionaries fight for freedom, to bind oneself to such a militant cause is to effectively give your freedom away. and so like jack nicholson in "the passenger", mark just wants to be free.as such, mark buys a gun and goes solo. he takes orders from no one. when police raid his university campus mark shoots a guy and runs away. he then flees to a nearby airfield, steals a small private plane and flies out to the desert. antonioni treats the desert as a peaceful utopia, and contrasts it with the ruthlessly capitalist cities, with their billboards and hollow modern appliances. he sees the desert as a sort of garden of eden.in the desert, mark meets daria and quickly falls in love. antonioni then gives us a ridiculous sex scene in which hundreds of hippies have sex in the sand. free from the constraints of modern life, these tree-huggers and student radicals can now celebrate their individualism by humping in the sun.the film ends with mark dying and daria fantasising about blowing up the mansions and stately homes of the rich capitalists who killed him. it's antonioni's challenge to his audience. pick up the guns, pickets and explosives, he says. tear the walls down before they cage you in!of course the film had no effect on its audience. they recognised "zabriskie point" as being just another self centred commercial attempt at being radical. a sort of commodified radicalism. it felt untruthful and tame.thematically the film is pretty stupid. antonioni basically says that if you are unhappy with the modern world, and the fat cats who exploit you, you should either flee to the desert (mark) or actively fight the system (daria). that's all well and good. but though artists constantly warn us of such dystopian nightmares, they're all mostly unable to show us how to effectively administer change. like the end of "fight club", nihilism and violence achieve nothing. in the real world, social change tends to be instigated by humble inventors, spurred ahead by minor technological advancements. i mean, what liberated women more than contraceptives?3/10 - a very bad film. the problem is, antonioni does not really believe in rebellion. he is a quiet and contemplative man. an introvert who seems to have made an extroverted film simply to garner more adoration from the counterculture who embraced his earlier film, "blow up". as such, "zabrinskie point" comes across as a very pretentious and stupid film. it's essentially a 50 year old man say "look at me, i'm a daring rebel!"there are many films in which the audience is encouraged to fight "the system", but they all fall into one of four categories. in the first category you have films like "network", "cool hand luke", "cuckoo's nest" and "spartacus". these all show that the lives of freedom fighters all end in failure, though in each case the "spirit of revolution" survives. the message is that you can not effect change, but by dying or failing, the optimistic notion of change survives through martyrdom. essentially we must keep on failing rather than give up hope.then you have films like "fight club", "zabriskie point" and "falling down", which simply encourage you to explode. tear it all down. blow it all up. everything is a lie, so you might as well go out guns blazing. these films are borne out of angry, reactionary feelings, rather than any sort of common sense.then you have the "flight rather than fight" category. terrence malick and antonioni are the masters of this genre. films like "the passenger", "red desert" and "badlands" show human beings running from worlds they do not like and forging islands or peaceful havens for themselves. both directors are pessimists, in that malick has his islands destroyed and antonioni has his islands offering no sense of happiness or solution.then you have the fourth category. films like donnersmarck's "the lives of others", ashby's "bound for glory" and kubrick's "a clockwork orange", treat artists as a force of change and rebellion. in these dystopian worlds, in which everyone is content to be a slave to the state, it is the unbridled creativity and freedom of will of the artist/criminal who keeps the system in check. by simply existing outside of the herd, you create waves. your comments, actions and critical eye, challenges the status quo. as such, donnersmarck's film has novelists and artists undermining nazi germany, whilst kubrick has alex the artist/criminal fighting nazi droogs, painting the town in blood and sperm.

there's nothing i hate more than self-congratulating pretentiousness. kevin smith deserves to be hung up by his toenails for inspiring every white middle-class whiner to make a movie about why they can't get laid. i don't really mind inexperience and low-budget productions but when the writing is this obvious and cloying it really burns my potatoes. the money put into this could've gone to a real struggling filmmaker who actually has a chance like john gulager. if you watch project greenlight you'll immediately recognize a talented visionary who is fighting against the system. anybody could grab a camera and make a talkative picture that doesn't manage to say anything really, at all. when will we be saved from the smithonites and whedonettes of the world? the revolution can't come soon enough. go watch a real first time effort by buying desperado or searching out friends with benefits. thank you and good day.

ah, channel 5 of local mexican t.v. everyday, at 2:00 a.m. they air horror movies from the 70's to early 2000's. it was "return to cabin by the lake" the movie that aired yesterday. i regret for watching it.the original "cabin by the lake" was a regularly popular low budgeter and it was good accepted. the problem is that this sequel is horrible, not even unintentionally funny and tries to imitate the original. ugh. the plot is really stupid in all the sense of the word.the movie at some points looks like a soap-opera because of it's absurd dialogs, cinematography, and direction.my advice is : avoid this one at all costs. it's a movie that it shouldn't be watched by anyone. not even for lovers of mediocre film-making.you have been warned.

think of this film as a saturday morning live-action program from ages ago. even the small tykes will find this one hard to please because it runs like molasses! i can't fully understand how god awful it is to make something too typical and uninteresting, especially in the costume department! too many warrior-wizard movies out there have used the same old plotline numerous times over, but this is mighty scarce considering its appeal to the little darlings. and who in the world would've let a topless mermaid be cast in the first place? i thought this was a "family" movie! mst3k, here's another fine gem for your 1999 tv season!

need a lesson in pure, abject failure?? look no further than "wizards of the lost kingdom", an abysmal, dirt-poor, disgrace of a flick. as we all know, decent moovies tend to sprout horrible, horrible offspring: "halloween" begat many, many bad 80's slasher flicks; "mad max" begat many, many bad 80's "futuristic wasteland fantasy" flicks; and "conan the barbarian" begat a whole slew of terrible, horrible, incredibly bad 80's sword-and-sorcery flicks. "wizards of the lost kingdom" scrapes the bottom of that 80's barrel, in a way that's truly insulting to barrels. a young runt named simon recaptured his "good kingdom" from an evil sorcerer with the help of a mangy rug, a garden gnome, a topless bimbo mermaid, and a tired-looking, pudgy bo svenson. svenson("north dallas forty", "inglorious bastards", "delta force"), a long-time b-moovie muscleman, looks barely able to swing his aluminum foil sword. however, he manages to defeat the forces of evil, which consist of the evil sorcerer, "shurka", and his army of badly costumed monsters, giants, and midgets. at one point, a paper mache bat on a string attacks, but is eaten by a 1/2 hidden sock puppet, pitifully presented as some sort of dragon. the beginning of the film consists of what can only politely be described as bits of scenes scooped up from the cutting-room floor of udder bad moovies, stitched together in the vain hope of setting the scene for the film, and over-earnestly narrated by some guy who never appears again. words cannot properly convey the jaw-dropping cheapness of this film; the producers probably spent moore moolah feeding svenson's ever expanding gullet than on the cheesy fx of this flick. and we're talkin' brie here, folks... :=8p director hector olivera("barbarian queen") presents this mish-mash in a hopelessly confused, confuddled, and cliched manner, destroying any possible hint of clear, linear storytelling. the acting is dreadful, the production levels below shoe-string, and the plot is one tired cliche after another paraded before our weary eyes. that they actually made a sequel(!!!) makes the moocow's brain whirl. james horner's("braveheart", "titanic","the rock") cheesy moosic from "battle beyond the stars" was lifted, screaming and kicking, and mercilessly grafted onto this turkey - bet this one doesn't pop up on his resume. folks, you gotta see this to believe it. the moocow says as a cheapo rent when there is nothing else to watch, well, it's moore fun than watching dust bunnies mate. barely. :=8p

go immediately and rent this movie. it will be be on a bottom shelf in your local video store and will be covered in dust. no one will have touched it in years. it may even be a $.50 special! it's worth ten bucks, i swear! buy it! there aren't very many films than can compare with this - the celluloid version of that goo that forms at the bottom of a trash can after a few years. yes, i gave it a '1,' but it really deserves much lower. 1-10 scales were not designed with stuff like this in mind.

if somebody wants to make a really, really bad movie, "wizards of the lost kingdom" really sets a yardstick by which to measure the depth of badness.start with the pseudo-chewbacca that follows around the main character ... some poor schmuck in a baggy white "furry" costume that looks as if it was stitched together from discarded pieces of carpeting. work your way slowly, painfully, through more not-so-special effects that thoroughly deny the viewer from suspension of disbelief. add a garden gnome (just for the heck of it).on second thought, skip this movie entirely and find something else to do for an hour and a half.

all these reviewers are spot on. i've seen many bad films over the years, believe me, and this beats the lot!this is not just a "so bad it's good" exploiter waste of time, but a genuine, hilarious, movie atrocity.check out the white furry monster type thing!wet yourself laughing at thom christopher's "spell-weaving" acting!gape in sheer a**e-clenching disbelief! at the threadbare sets!this is one of those "european co-productions". no wonder we have so many wars. i swear, some of the people taking part in 'wizards of the lost kingdom' aren't actually aware they are appearing in a film!fact! i originally watched this movie on htv wales late one night while suffering from concussion and sleep deprivation. i had to track down a copy several weeks later to make sure it was really this awful. it is. worse even than lee majors in the norseman, more laughable than all of john derek's films, this is, truly, the citizen kane of trash.

what we have here is a downright brilliant piece of early 80's incompetence that will render even the biggest connoisseur of trash- cinema completely speechless! "wizards of the lost kingdom" is a very cheap and cheesy fantasy/sword-and-sorcery adventure that doesn't have an actual plot but does eagerly & shamelessly borrows elements from other films. writer ed naha and hector olivera (who?) watched enough similar type of movies to know that they needed a handful of essential characters, but probably figured that all the rest would follow automatically. in order to make a fantasy-adventure you need: one super- evil villain (preferably with a black cape), one young hero in training, one lone warrior, one amiable type of furry pet, one wise midget living in the woods (optional) and a whole colorful collection of hideous demons, enslaved dwarfs, and winged gargoyles to serve as filler. the story is phenomenal and so original, with simon the young son of a wizard having to flee from his beloved kingdom after the evil magician shurka takes over the power and killed the king. simon wants to go back and save the people, but therefore he needs his powerful ring which he lost during his escape. simon befriends lone warrior kor (the usually cool dude bo svenson who clearly needed the pay check), who assists simon during the long and devastating journey full of ordeals, dangerous encounters and magical showdowns. admittedly it doesn't even sound too bad thus far, but that's merely just because i excluded all the deliciously inept little details. simon has a best friend named gulfax, for example. gulfax is an albino version of chewbacca and evokes incontrollable chuckles whenever he opens his poodle-snout to yelp something incomprehensible. the obstacles during journey back home are hilariously irrelevant to the "plot" and simply serve as padding footage to cover up the lack of actual content. simon has nightmarish visions inside the tent of a suspicious forest nymph, kor settles an old score with the pig-faced nemesis whose sister he refused to marry and there's the supposedly horrible 'suicide cave' where you can only sing your way out of. but the absolute most unequally brilliant sequence  not just of this film alone but in the history of cinema  involves the resurrection of four zombie warriors. simon awakes the legendary courageous warriors, hoping they will assist them in their battle, but the rotting corpses only take a few steps, complain about how tired they are and return back to their graves. that's it! so much for the zombie sub plot! best sequence ever! i could go on listing unintentionally hilarious little details for several more paragraphs, but you get the idea. "wizards of the lost kingdom" is a tremendously messed-up "so-bad-it's-good" film. word of advice: do not watch this joyful piece of junk alone. invite friends, preferably the dope-headed types with a wicked sense of humor, and watch it in group. it will be a night to remember

this movie is truly brilliant. it ducks through banality to crap at such speed you don't even see good sense and common decency to mankind go whizzing past. but it doesn't stop there! this movie hits the bottom of the barrel so hard it bounces back to the point of ludicrous comedy: behold as kor the beergutted conan wannabe with the over-abundance of neck hair struts his stuff swinging his sword like there's no tomorrow (and the way he swung it, i really am amazed there *was* a tomorrow for him, or at least, for his beer gut). don't miss this movie, it's a fantastic romp through idiocy, and sheer bloody mindedness! and once you have finished watching this one, dry the tears of joy (or tears of frustration at such an inept attempt at storytelling) from your eyes because some stupid f00l gave these people another $5 to make a sequel!

from the start, you know this is a sam sherman film more than an al adamson film because as the credits roll, "a sam sherman production" appears in letters as big as the title credit. not only that, mr. sherman co-wrote the screenplay and it was his idea to use bob livingstone, a washed-up, 69 year old western star of the old hollywood era to be his male lead in a picture that sherman thought would capitalize on the recent success of "swinging stewardesses". now why would you want to have a wrinkled old man as your male lead in what is supposed to be a soft-core exploitation feature? it defies explanation, but that is sam sherman for you. his obsession with old hollywood colored a lot of his films for independent international pictures, and he and al adamson frequently tried to get has-been actors for their films (e.g. j. carrol naish, russ tamblyn, lon chaney jr.,etc.). but bob livingstone? tell me the drive-in demographic knew who this '40's second-rater was; it's ridiculous! but then again, "naughty stewardesses" was a successful picture for them, so we can't just write this off as a sherman fiasco. still, by any aesthetic standard, it's an incoherent mess. al adamson wanted out of this picture, and it is easy to see why. first off, it has no genre focus at all and drifts around from super soft core (tits and ass/simulated sex only) to a kidnapping thriller (shades of steckler's "rat pfink and boo boo"!) in between, we get subjected to painfully boring sequences of the stewardesses traipsing around vegas to the hackneyed music of sparrow, or richard smedley and connie hoffmann on a photo shoot in san francisco. worst of all, we get bob livingstone as a jack lalanne wannabe in a blue jumpsuit trying to be sexy...gag! (thankfully, his big sex scene with connie hoffmann was deleted, but you can catch him slurping on her titties on the dvd in the special features section. creepy.) this is a terrible, terrible movie, but i'll give it three stars for gary graver's photography and out of sympathy to connie hoffmann for having to make it with "wrinkles" livingstone. "naughty stewardesses" is for al adamson completists and/or scholars of exploitation film as sam sherman's commentary offers vital inside info. all others, beware.

connie hoffman is very pretty and is attractively topless at times.that's it, folks. the sole reason for even considering whether to watch this film or not.these 70s sexploitation period pieces are sometimes entertaining by virtue of their very datedness (flared trousers, big hair, zapata moustaches etc.). this one isn't.the script is bad, the acting is bad, the direction is bad, and the idea of having a senior citizen romantic leading man is exceptionally bad.the title, hinting at a sex comedy, is grossly misleading.i heartily recommend avoiding this one like the plague.

i sought out this film for one reason--al adamson. he is among the worst directors of all time--right up there with ed wood, jr. and ray dennis steckler and the pantheon of awfulness. however, i was a tad disappointed because although the film was indeed bad, it never approached the levels of awfulness of some of his earlier schlocky movies. because of that, this film wasn't particularly fun to watch for us bad movie fans.now i was wary about watching this film, as the title "naughty stewardesses" makes the film sound like a pornographic film--something i wouldn't be reviewing on imdb. however, this film appeared to be this at times--particularly the first 10 minutes. but, you could tell that the script underwent many changes, as for much of the film there isn't any titillation at all and towards the end of the movie there is a plot that comes out of no where that is violent and certainly not sexy! the result of all this is total confusion.sadly, none of the many parts are even good. for example, as a porn video, it shows surprisingly little and it's incomprehensible why they would put a 71 year-old guy in some of the love scenes. sure, for a 71 year-old mr. livingston looked pretty good--but he was still an old man and no one would want to see him getting it on with young nymphet! then, when the final 20 minutes becomes very violent, as livingston became a rambo-like guy! talk about weird and inappropriate.overall, there is little to recommend this sad movie. it's not bad enough or sexy enough to care about and the film manages to be rather boring even with such a crazy title like "naughty stewardesses".

this is the worst sequel on the face of the world of movies. once again it doesn't make since. the killer still kills for fun. but this time he is killing people that are making a movie about what happened in the first movie. which means that it is the stupidest movie ever.don't watch this. if you value the one precious hour during this movie then don't watch it. you'll want to ask the director and the person beside you what made him make it. because it just doesn't combine the original makes of horror, action, and crime.don't let your children watch this. teenager, young child or young adult, this movie has that sorta impact upon people.

such is the dilemma(above) that debbie must face at the close of this sam sherman production naughty stewardesses. debbie has just hit town, become a stewardess, slept with an elderly rich man(who she describes is in his 50's but obviously hit that mark a decade or two ago), shoots nude scenes for a photographer she just met, and then is the central element to a kidnapping/extortion plot. through it all and amidst all that emotional upheaval and soul-searching, what in heaven's name will debbie do? well, i cannot give it away completely but don't expect any real epiphany here. let's face it. naughty stewardesses is just what it wants to be(at least two-thirds through): a soft core porn film with lots of topless women and a funny in that kitchy 70's way film. there is no grand art here. the movie was designed to make money and exploit a growing trend at the time to put nymphomaniacal stewardesses in films so that the audience could live out vicariously their voyeuristic tastes. by todays standards, the film is pretty tame. what this film does do wrong is try to be some kind of statement film at the end. c'mon, anyone here believing that little diatribe by debbie while on the beach contemplating life. she would spend more time picking out which halter top she will wear that day then do that. and what about the ridiculous plot to steal 50 grand? it didn't make sense to me so how on earth did these characters "dig" it? anyone buying cal as a member of the plo(something like that) or even as a director for hardcore pornography? he would be luck to get work at seven eleven! this is, as another reviewer noted, more of a sam sherman piece then and al adamson piece. you can tell when al is in complete charge. there is virtually no budget and the film doesn't look nearly as polished as this. adamson does a decent job directing this time and i have to give sherman credit to a degree. while this film is bad just for what it was meant to be, it has a certain style to it. i liked the opening credits with the animation and photographs. i even liked the music of sparrow. "silver heels" was a somewhat catchy tune. the movie doesn't look cheap really at all. compare that to any of al's horror films. as for the cast, yes, bob livingston is a bit old for the lead, but some examination went into his character and the obvious thread that young women are attracted to men with money was explored as well. i had major problems with robert smedley who was just plain awful in his role. the girls have all got great sets, so what else was required of them huh? naughty stewardesses is relatively harmless exploitation film from the 70's and will serve as a living time capsule for certain aspects of life during that decade. by the way, did i mention it is a pretty bad picture?

working with one of the best shakespeare sources, this film manages to be creditable to it's source, whilst still appealing to a wider audience.branagh steals the film from under fishburne's nose, and there's a talented cast on good form.

greetings again from the darkness. what ever happened to the great barry levinson? he directed two of my all-time favorites in "avalon" and "diner". he had some fine movies as well ("rainman"), but always provided something of interest ... until now. i believe the worst thing you can ever say about a comedy is that it is boring. "envy" is the definition of boring. never of big fan of pure slap stick ("dumb and dumber"), i was just stunned at how god-awful this movie is. there are maybe 2 chuckles in the whole thing - if you can pay attention that long. the best part of the film is the running gag of the title song by a redbone sound-alike. if the film had been written as well as the song, it would have been tolerable. rachel weisz is a wonderful actress and i realize they all want to do comedy (even julianne moore), but the real world exposes one weaknesses. snl cast member amy poehler is her usual over the top in her role as trailer park trash turned princess. the disaster of the film is jack black and ben stiller. the first work commute together flashes some promise, but after that their chemistry disappears due to the poor script. this script is like most of jack black's character's ideas - not a bad thought, but no hope for success.

jack black's character, tim dingman the "dreamer" in envy, finds wealth and success in the idea of a aerosol spray "vapoorize" that when sprayed on doggie dung, makes the poo disappear into thin air. for a moment i was hoping that vapoorize was a real product so that i could spray it on this "stinker" of a movie and make it disappear into thin air as well.although envy is not the worst movie that i have seen in the past 12 months (that honor goes to the cat in the hat), it does get the honor of a close second.not funny, not sad, not anything. a real "stinkeroo"!!!!!a 0.2 out of 10!!

i do not envy barry levinson, rachel weisz, ben stiller or jack black for doing this film. it's, in one word, boring. maybe the fact that is too predictable, the more-than-exploited ben stiller's loser role or the not-at-all funny scenes make this film just something to forget. even christopher walken's appearance finishes in a pathetic way. i was very disappointed. i love ben stiller's acting. i loved it in most of his films, the last one i saw before this was duplex with drew barrymore and was not that bad. about jack black... well, apart from high fidelity i've never seen him doing something good. what about school of rock? ooops, frightening.

i'm not sure what. i just couldn't laugh at it. i had an open mind. i didn't want to be a tight-@ss about it. but i seriously just couldn't laugh at this film. it was just not funny to me. some parts it seemed like ben stiller and jack black tried too hard. just because you put two very funny men together doesn't mean that this is going to be an excellent comedy. some movies just shouldn't be made. this is one of them. because it does a lot of old jokes and the acting was just stupid. i know, i know it's a comedy. sort of at least. but i was just not impressed. i'm sorry, but i cannot give this anything lower than a two. and that's all i'm giving. 2/10

i saw this movie last night and even after a couple of beers the only giggle this movie got out of me was when i realized that i was actually watching it. in a word, it is unfunny. unfunny. i totally believe the trivia tidbit about jack black apologizing for making this garbage. i can't believe that barry levinson didn't just toss this script when he read the first page. moreover, i can't believe that i watched more than ten minutes of it.i gave it 3 out of 10* because i love to see christopher walken make terrible movies for the paycheck. also, the horse "corky," by merely existing as a character in this movie, is actually quite ridiculous.

envy stars some of the best. jack black, ben stiller, amy poehler, and the great christopher walken. with such a cast, one can only expect the best. however, with "envy", no one could save this disaster.tim dingman (stiller) and nick vanderpark (black) are best friends and co-workers at a sandpaper factory. both are making a decent living, but because tim has a better performance at work, he's able to afford more than his buddy nick. nick is a dreamer who's always coming up with new ideas for inventions. one day, nick comes up with the idea for a spray can that makes dog poop disappear (yes, i'm serious). falling in love with the idea, nick decides to really invent this product. he makes an offer to tim to invest in his idea and share the profits 50/50. tim refuses thinking the idea will never work.nick's invention, titled "va-poo-rize" (again, i'm serious), ends up making millions. he enjoys spending his money on things like a much larger house, a horse, a personal trainer, and fancy deserts. tim starts feeling envy for nick. hence the name of the movie.the concept isn't bad, but it still turns out awful. this movie contains some of the worst dialog and very poor performances from all the cast. then again, as i mentioned earlier, none of them could save this mess. not even the great christoper walken, playing a homeless character named "j-man", made this movie funny. the movie is bad from the start and only continues to get worse.i recommend this movie if: *you like crap (no pun intended) *you want to see jack black in a white tuxi say, avoid this movie at all costs, but avoid especially if: *you're offended by bathroom humor *you love animals

i saw the capsule comment said "great acting." in my opinion, these are two great actors giving horrible performances, and with zero chemistry with one another, for a great director in his all-time worst effort. robert de niro has to be the most ingenious and insightful illiterate of all time. jane fonda's performance uncomfortably drifts all over the map as she clearly has no handle on this character, mostly because the character is so poorly written. molasses-like would be too swift an adjective for this film's excruciating pacing. although the film's intent is to be an uplifting story of curing illiteracy, watching it is a true "bummer." i give it 1 out of 10, truly one of the worst 20 movies for its budget level that i have ever seen.

on the 26th of september 1983 a short dumpy 60 year old woman stood trial for the attempted murder of leonie haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died and had agreed to take in a lodger who came via a housing authority for the elderly. haddad was not made aware that her new lodger had, in fact, come fresh from the patton state mental hospital where she had been incarcerated for an inexplicable knife attack on a married couple three years previously. haddad soon realised that something was 'rotten in denmark' when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder reciting prophesies about' seven gods'. haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she awoke to find her lodger sitting astride her chest holding a bread knife announcing that "god has inspired me to kill you". haddad managed to knock her assailant out with a telephone but not before she had lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations to her face and chest. it was a miracle she survived. the lodger was judged to be innocent by reason of insanity but sent, kicking and screaming, back to the laughing academy. ten years later she was released and found that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation of 25 years earlier when she was known as the 'queen of the curve's, the 'tennessee tease' and 'miss pin up girl of the world' - the notorious bettie page. director mary harron, mainly known for 'american psycho' takes us back to the glory days of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played solidly enough by gretchen mol) who inadvertently wrote the blue print for fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comic books to catwalks. t.n.b.p is day-glo fun ride through an evocative depiction of the 1950's where page, with the familial help of good intentioned boyfriends and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket sized men's glossies with titles like wink, tab and parade. her real dream of movie stardom evades her and a brush with the authorities over obscenity charges in 1957 is the inciting incident which leads her to retire from modelling and give herself to god. the overall style of the film is light and frothy and only darkens momentarily with an allusion to her father's incestuous attentions and a sexual assault which inexplicably appears to have no discernible effect on her. mol plays page as she seems in her photographs, happy, carefree and fun - even the bondage shots betray little more than a good humoured incomprehensibility. the film ends on the upbeat with page cheerfully handing out bibles in a park with no indication of the real life unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and decent into murderous insanity which lay before her; avoiding what i think is the essential core of page's story - rebirth and resurrection. having emerged from a decade of incarceration page found that her cult had been in the ascendance since the mid 1980's and that she had become a huge underground icon, during which, many were asking "whatever happened to bettie page". her 'mysterious' disappearance fed the fires of any number of conspiracy theories only adding to the allure of her legend. when the world's media finally caught up with her she gave no hint of her darker past and she was soon giving interviews for magazines, t.v and being photographed at playboy parties with the likes of pamela anderson and the equally tragic anna nicole smith. she found that she was now more famous than she ever was in her 'glory years' but in the glare of this 'resurrection' it was only a matter of time before the full story would come to light. the only notorious thing about the notorious bettie page is they left out the part when she became truly notorious.

first of all i must admit batman: the animated series is the best batman series by far. we watched it when it used to be on tv. i didn't realize that there was a season four. actually there wasn't. btas ends with season 3, and it should have stopped there.why did they have to mess with a good thing. catwoman and poison ivy now have terrible grey faces. the joker looks beyond scary, it seems that each time they revise his appearance he looks more and more creepier. he doesn't seem to have pupils anymore, and now he doesn't even look remotely human (although he is).bruce wayne is voiced by kevin conroy who does the best batman. although he now looks like superman. there is nothing that sets him apart because they both look the same, bruce wayne now has blue eyes.night wing really needs a haircut, please! alfred just has pupils from eyes, looks more like a character from the 80's.i have watched three episodes from disc 1 in the series and i already find that this version is more violent and graphic (there is blood in every episode).if you are a fan of batman: the animated series, there is no batman season 4. they just included this series as season 4 for marketability. if they just released it as the new batman adventures i don't think as many people would have bought it.save yourself the disappointment and stick to seasons 1-3.

if this series supposed to be an improvement over batman - the animated series, i, for one, think it failed terribly. the character drawing is lousy... (catwoman, for instance, looks awful...) but what really annoyed me is that it made batman look like a sort of wimp who just can't take care of himself in a battle, without the help of two, even three sidekicks. i mean, he's batman, for god's sake! i know the comic books, i know that nightwing and batgirl are supposed to be batman's allies, besides robin, but still... making batman say that he needs help from them... what, he can't handle a few punches? in btas, he could face a dozen adversaries without any problem... he's getting old? come on...and another thing: i really don't think that batman would allow a kid like tim drake to go into battle that soon, without years of hard training. one, it's irresponsible (and batman is everything, but irresponsible), and two, it's not what happened in the comics, if we are to remain faithful to them.batman - the animated series made history, with its animation, its stories and its characters... that really was a legend of batman. the new adventures series turned the legend into just another batman flick.

when i began watching the muppets take manhattan, the choppy presentation and dialogue had me convinced i was watching something recent, so you can imagine my surprise when i came to the imdb and read that it was made in 1984. jim henson may have ended the muppet show when it was at its peak, but spin offs like this and muppet babies (which apparently is based upon a very terrible sequence in this film) are the absolute nadir of all things muppet. i used to wonder why muppets attracted such derision from such film reviewers as mr. cranky, so i am glad that the muppets take manhattan (henceforth: tmtm) set me straight on that one. of course, many series have had a massive drop off in quality when the third episode came around: aliens, robocop, the evil dead, even night of the living dead. so while it is no surprise that tmtm is less than the muppet movie or the great muppet caper, the surprise lies entirely in how much less than the awesome debut or its slightly lesser follow-up tmtm is. not only is the music far less satisfying, the scenes that link it all together are utterly terrible.there are, of course, some redeeming and genuinely funny moments, but they are few and far between. the swedish chef is great in any scene he inhabits, so thank the spirit of small mercies that he appears in one sequence where his eccentricity is exploited to the fullest. the problem is that there are just no scenes that work. the story, such as it is, revolves around a broadway musical kermit is attempting to get produced. he goes through many trials and tribulations along the way, including the sneaking suspicion the viewer has that we have seen this all before. the biggest problem is that kermit does not have a decent antagonist to work off this time. charles durning was cinematic gold as doc hopper, the proprietor of a fast food chain who wants to exploit kermit for his business. charles grodin was dynamite as nicky holiday, a jewel thief the muppets must fight in order to save miss piggy from a lifetime in prison. the saying is that a hero is only as good as his antagonist, and these two are at least half responsible for the greatness of the previous two films.charles grodin also highlights what is wrong with tmtm. namely, the music sucks. the opening number of the manhattan melodies show that is at the centre of tmtm, to put it nicely, makes the drivel that now dominates the airwaves seem coordinated. i might just be letting my peculiar sensitivity to the sounds of words and phrases getting to me, but songs like the rainbow connection inspired tears of joy, not irritation. grodin's big solo during the great muppet caper, while not having the same resonation, he lifts the tone of the film eight steps on his own. he is all class. and if there is one thing tmtm could use, it is rising eight steps in addition to attaining a semblance of class. tmtm also feels severely time-compressed, with the story leaping from scene to scene without any consideration for making sense or giving the story cohesion. maddox himself pointed out that transition and cohesion make a film feel like a coherent whole rather than a mess of thrown-together pieces. see if you can find them in tmtm.while tmtm does have its guest stars, they are either poorly utilised (brooke shields and john landis), or totally out of their element (liza minelli, dabney coleman). to call this a waste of time for puppeteer and actor alike is flattery. the absence of an end credits routine is especially sore here, after animal's "go home" postscript for the muppet movie in particular. which highlights another problem. the characters are poorly written at best, with none of their individual quirks to be seen or heard. animal shouts singular words at times, but they have nothing to do with the plot, or the conversation going on around him. say what you will about set pieces designed to show off characters, but think of animal's moment after eating the instant growth pills, or his "sowwy" after the incident when he pulled the window down on top of his fellow muppets. now see if you can remember a single memorable moment with an individual muppet other than swedish chef's hilarious misunderstanding of three-dimensional film involving popcorn. give up? then you have proved my point.given that labyrinth, one of the henson company's best and most timeless products outside of the muppets, arrived some two years later, it makes tmtm all the more puzzling. perhaps this misfire convinced jim henson to rethink his strategy regarding character development and usage. or perhaps the misfire can be attributed to frank oz, who at the time had just finished working with george lucas on what many would agree is the most childish episode in the original star wars saga. the writers were also involved with the great muppet caper, so i will let them off the hook for this in spite of the fact that a script is one of the most essential pieces of a film. the production is also substantially improved here, with muppets appearing capable of moving in ways that were previously beyond them. had the story and script been better thought-out, tmtm might have been at least comparable to the great muppet caper. as it stands now, it is a great answer to the question of whether muppets write under the influence, or excrete.for that reason, i gave the muppets take manhattan a three out of ten. two to denote its actual quality, and a bonus for the swedish chef's moments. without him, this film would be unwatchable.

as a turkish man now living in sweden i must confess i often watch scandinavian movies. most if them i never understand. i think actors from scandinavia work best in hollywood. last week i watched a film called "the polish wedding" together with a polish friend of mine and we both said it was the worst movie we ever watched. unfortunately i was wrong this movie " house of angels" is even worse. none of the actors can act, absolutely not the female so called star helen bergstrom. the plot is so silly nobody can believe it.i think the whole thing is a mess from the start. lots of bad acting except from selldal and wollter. ahmed sellam

not much to say on this one. a plot you can pretty much peg, in the first 10 minutes. nothing overly wrong with this film, very little action for an action film. there was a chance to explore the characters emotions occasionally. whether an action film is the right genre to do that with, i'm still undecided. sniper was one of the easiest films to watch without giving full attention to, as it had little twists and a straightforward plot. i was probably guilty of that, so with a second watch or with undivided attention it may be better.4/10 (but the best of my 4 out of 10's)

despite its interesting premise, 'sniper' is quite tedious. with a tighter script and sharper directing it could have been electrifying; instead it plods along with little tension.

realistic movie,sure,except for the fact that the characters don't look like to be scared. when billy zane tries to kill someone, he feels bad...but he doesn't look like to. that's why i don't like his performance in this movie. tom berenger is again playing a soldier. no good thrill, realistic sequences. not always shooting, that is one great thing. well filmed. i hate the helicopter sequence, cause only one terrorist kills almost the whole marine bunch...i give it **and a half out of *****

i will warn you here: i chose to believe those reviewers who said that this wasn't an action film in the usual sense, rather a psychological drama so you should appreciate it on that basis and you will be alright.i am here to tell you that they were wrong. completely wrong.well, no, not completely; it is very disappointing if you are looking for an action flick, they were right about that. but it is also very unsatisfying on all other levels as well.tom beringer wasn't too bad, i suppose, no worse than usual; but what possessed them to cast billy zane in this? was it some sort of death wish on the part of the producers? a way to made their film a guaranteed flop? in that case, it worked.if they were actually aiming for success, then why not cast somebody who can act? oh, and might as well go for a screenwriter who knows how to write. ah, yes, and a director who knows how to direct.as someone who sat through this mess, actually believing it would shortly redeem itself, i can assure you it never did. pity, it could've been a good film.

i actually like asylum movies. i've made it a habit to see as many as possible. even the rip-offs they've done have been cool like exorcism and when a killer calls. this is just plain lame. i can't believe that the same people who made dead men walking and dracula's curse actually made this movie too!!! it's not even laughably bad like jolly roger or alien abduction (which, by the way are pretty bad). this is just bad! i mean, i can appreciate and/or forgive bad acting or lame special effects in an asylum movie, but this film takes itself way too seriously. i really hope that snakes on a train is better. now that's a movie i can't wait to see.

remember the name kevin lime - and please, please never lethim direct again. timing, pacing, editing: all hopelessly wrong.three or four decent professionals (next time, guys, walk off theset) can do nothing to save this film from amateurs like aliceevans, and the kind of production standards you'd expect fromteen-produced children's shows on british tv.greatest mystery: the music. a score so inept, inappropriate andill-matched to the tone of the film that one seriously wonders if it isa case of sabotage. add an acoustic that booms apparentlyunengineered from a single mike, and a director who onlyintermittently remembers to add auditory action offscreen, and wehave what must be on of the greatest ratio of money to result ofrecent years.

this film was pure pain. sitting in the theater for x-amount of minutes, i was wondering when the film was going to start. all the setups were in place; typical love story, characters have to overcome their short-givings, villain has to emerge, but none of it ever initiated. by the time these things happened, i was already bored stiff and the devices were completely ineffective. in scenes that required immense tension and buildup, it felt like necessary frames were cut. kid's stuff does not have to be this way. children's films can be as riveting and engaging as adult ones. the excuse, "hey , its for kids," is bull. i'll take "sword in the stone" any day. this was terrible. i'm getting the feeling that disney will put out anything these days. and as for the kids, the 10-year i saw this with will agree...pure trash.

...because this was simply awful. 101 dalamatians was funny even if formulaic, but this is nothing more than puerile drivel. the same plot except with the story excised from it; the world's most intelligent and horribly annoying macaw; tim mcinnerny proving that he really can't do comedy (everone remembers percy in blackadder but that was his high spot - it's all been downhill since then); direction so poor that if a group of college students had made this you'd throw it in the bin and tell them to do it again - properly this time. ieuan grufford better go back to hornblower sharpish, whilst glenn close and gerard diepardieu ought to go into hiding for several years.perhaps i could be too harsh; after all i didn't manage to sit through the whole film. it gets 1/10; only because i can't give it 0.

it is a good film for kids who love dogs. it runs a bit slow early on but ends if a flurry of gooped up de vil. the basic plot is the same as the first movie. the bright side of the movie for adults is the talking bird that thinks it is a dog. the bird talks like a human(eric idle of monty python) and barks like a dog. it is the comedy that the film needed more of. see it in the matinee so you don't have to pay full price or wait for it to appear on disney.

after seeing the 1996 remake, i thought it was the funniest way to see cruella de vil getting her punishment for torturing animals just for their skin. the whole movie was quite funny, and on my view, better than the animated one. but there was actually no need for a second one. first of all, if cruela is returning, don't cure her and make her insane again. just make her break away from jail and that's a rap. i thought it was not very funny. it's supposed to have only one original puppy returning. i'd expected that it should be lucky, since he was the most appealing, and besides, having roger and anita back too. however, they decided to have a complete recasting and adding not really one hundred, not even one hundred and two, but only three puppies, and a parrot that thinks he's a dog (clever). gerard depardieu's part was pointless. at the end, cruella suffers way too much, way too humiliating and way too exaggerated to be true. she gets baked inside a giant cake. that was a desperate attempt of physical humor, trying to imitate the same effect from the first one. that just didn't work. it was too much over the top, and not too funny. i actually felt sorry about cruella.

i wouldn't bring a child under 8 to see this. with puppies dangling off of buildings squirming through dangerous machines and listening to cruella's scary laugh to name a few of the events there is entirely too much suspense for a small child. the live action gives a more ominous feel than the cartoon version and there are quite a few disquieting moments including some guy that seems to be a transvestite, a lot of tense moments that will worry and may frighten small kids.i don't know what the disney folks were thinking but neither the story nor the acting were of their usual level. the puppies are cute but this movie is spotty at best.

102 dalmatians (2000, dir. kevin lima) believed to be cured, cruella de vil (close) is released from prison and sets out to make a new start in life. things are going well for cruella who is busy helping homeless dogs off the street. when the clock strikes on big ben, things turn bad. the hypnotic cure is reversed and cruella is back, and this time she is determined to make that spotted coat she always wanted.glenn close reprises her role as cruella de vil and once again is the highlight of the film. every scene with her in is worth watching in this dull sequel, which feels more of a repeat of the previous film, rather than a new story.she's changed.  ken sheperd (ioan gruffudd)

sly stallone is hardly the finest actor in the world but compared to his brother, frank...well, roll out those awards now! mullet haired, muppet frank seems to think that every part he plays, calls for him doing the role as an american/italian wise-guy refugee from the 'godfather.' please, somebody make him an acting offer 'he can refuse!' this film just stinks the place out, even by the terrible overacting in this, frank still steals the acting dishonours. all the people compensate for their lack of talent by shouting their lines and throwing their arms about, gesticulating wildly in a style that went out of fashion back with silent films.the plot, what there, is, makes no sense as a meteor lands and turns all the women into sex-crazed nymphets but as this is 15 certificate film, that just means they strip to their underwear and make moaning sounds like dogs on heat. what happens in the end, i'm not quite sure as i was losing the will to live long before the film finished.avoid this like the plague and watch 'deep impact' for a reasonable film about a meteor about to hit the earth.n.b. point of order: when one of the female leads strips down to her underwear, she has her knickers/panties under her suspenders/garter belt, it's knickers over the suspenders to allow women to go to the toilet with less fuss. a trivial point, perhaps, but shows how dumb this film is when they can't even get this right!

to say this film stinks would be insulting to skunks. as the other commenter says, this movie is insulting to anyone over the mental age of 7 (it is especially, incredibly insulting to gays). it is awful - and not in a "so bad it's funny" sort of way either - it's just plain awful. no, i have to say it: it stinks! (sorry skunks).from the opening credits to the end titles there is hardly more than 10 seconds of this movie worth opening your eyes for. the "plot" is incoherent, the characterization non-existent, the acting is of the over the top mugging "look at me i'm being funny!" school and so it goes on. the set pieces are clumsily set up (if at all) and are badly executed, it's just awful on every front - apart from the music maybe, i don't remember thinking the music stinks (apart from the songs).to be fair to the makers, they lay their cards on the table pretty quickly: the opening credits include the title "also starring ertha kitt as the voice of betty the meteor" (since as the meteor in question turns out never never say anything but make an occasional purring noise they may well have lifted ms. kitt's contribution from one of her records) and the second line of the movie runs something like: "...and scientists have discovered new facts about the rings around uranus." uranus - "your anus" geddit? geddit? huh? huh?? your anus? the humour really is that cheap.it says strange things about the "comedies" of that period in that it was perfectly permissable for the hero to deliberately shoot people dead in the street but not say "sh*t" out loud.i paid fifty pence (about $1.00) for this movie in a sale. i feel ripped off.

this film is horribly acted, written, directed and produced. but it's so campy it's actually semi-watchable. that's semi watchable.the storyline (what little there is) makes virtually no sense whatsoever. the barney drum character is the only real comic relief in the movie and that gets tired after about 30 seconds. many of the canadian supporting cast can be found in tv commercials.. none of them went on to anything else that i'm aware of. and of course sly stallone's even less talented brother well..... =\trivia: it was filmed almost entirely in and around the little village of claremont, ont. (about 20 miles n.east of toronto) i recognized many local landmarks/intersections/buildings. i think the drive-in scene was filmed at the now demolished "oshawa drive-in" just before it was torn down.

i saw this movie years ago in a group tradition of fast forward film festivals, where we would set out to rent a bunch of b-movies and vote for who picked the worst.the night we watched this, it was voted the best, due to semblance of plot and fun costuming.this is certainly a silly, kitschy, movie, to be watched under the full understanding that you are watching low-budget fluff. personally, however, i wouldn't recommend additional substances ... this movie will leave it's own mark on you.it made enough of an impression on me that i've actually been trying to get my hands on a copy for a few years.a good choice if you are setting out to watch bad movies. this one is fun, and i remember bouncy music ...

this bomb is just one 'explosion' after another, with no humor and only absurd situations. really, pyrotechnics to the extreme. reality is not one of its strong points. i give it a 1 out of 10. i would have made it a zero but that option wasn't permitted. sorry, but lithgow and sutherland deserve better roles. but then at times we all need to have money. and i still recoil at that tim burton farce about mars. nicholson was brave enough to admit that was a turkey. but if that was a turkey, this movie then is not even a gizzard. i wish i could say, "give me back my money". you can bet i would if i could. but that is the trouble with premium services, the subscription variety.

the director sidney j. furie has created in hollow point a post-modern absurdist masterpiece that challenges and constantly surprises the audience. sidney j. furie dares to ask the question of what happens to the tired conventional traditionalist paradigms of 'plot' and 'characterisation' when you remove the crutches of 'motivation' and 'reason'. the result leads me to say that my opinion of him could not possibly get any higher.one and a half stars.p.s. nothing in this movie makes any sense, the law enforcement agents are flat out unlikeable and the organised criminals are full on insane.

hollow point is an alright movie worth a half price rental or if nothing else is on a good time waster with no thought required. there are the requisite explosions and hammy acting and pretty ladies. a pretty good cast with donald sutherland, john lithgow, and the lovely tia carrere. this cast plus a light hearted touch make for a not a great movie but a fun one..on a scale of one to ten ..a 4

spoiler alert ! ! ! personally i don't understand why pete did not help to save williams life,i mean that would be great to know why william was motivated,or forced.i think secret service members are every day people,and there is a rumor the writer was a member of the secret service,now he's motivations are clear,well known.but as a rental this film will not satisfy you,cause the old but used twists,the average acting -these are just things in this film,only for keep you wait the end.clark johnson as the director of s.w.a.t. did a far better work like this time,and i still wondering how the producers (for example michael douglas)left this film to theaters.

a bum gives a secret serviceman a tip about a secret service man in the presidential detail who plans to kill the president. baloney. how did the bum know? the script then turns to a most detailed examination of how the secret service works, but who cares. most of this just slows down the movie. all the chases that follow are this film's version of the tiresome car chases of many movies. then, after a lot of impossible athleticism in which our hero outruns and out-guns all his buddies, we have a shootout in the toronto city hall. the canadians are clearly marked with maple leafs, but how did they get into this? finally, all is worked out. but it still makes no sense.

it saddens me to rate a movie with a lot of my favorite actors, locations and genres, i.e. douglas, sutherland, washington, d.c. and political thriller, but 'the sentinel' really hits a low. it's like they had a great idea up front, signed the right cast and had some great city shots and then took a holiday letting the remaining crew improvise the rest. and i wish i could blame it on yet another bland performance from basinger (not only do i feel she's one of the worst actors in hollywood, but i'm still steaming more than a decade later that she was the only one, and definitely the only bad actor in the film, to win an acting oscar for 'l.a. confidential.') but she wasn't the only problem. sutherland, who i love as jack bauer on '24' once again playsjack. i miss his old 'a time to kill' or 'a few good men' days. douglas certainly took a hiatus from acting and phoned this one in. plot: someone, some secret service traitor, wants the president dead and douglas is (haphazardly) being framed. will someone believe him? actually, no spoiler here: as quickly as they came up with that subplot half-way through, it's over before you know it. and why did someone(s) want the president dead? is that to be revealed in the sequel? too many plot holes, too many doors opened and never closed and too predictable 'the sentinel' is. if you only see one movie a year, you may not know who the mole is, but anyone who's familiar with these types of movies or even just seen one 'law & order' episode you'll know in the first few frames. was it terrible? not really, the cinematography was good, and despite sutherland playing jack again, he's still got it.

i saw the trailer of the film several times at theater and i excited. it looked like a classic action thriller like the ones made in 1990's. it recalled me also fugitive movies, a cat and mouse chase between douglas and sutherland. however, the sentinel is the most tasteless action thriller of all time. as i see, many people say that this is like a tv movie. not exactly. firstly, there are much more better tv movies in this genre. secondly, tv movies might be very fun sometimes, but this film is the exact opposite of having a good time. it is not stylish at all visually and the most important, the tone of the movie is unappealing. this is not an action movie, there are two action scenes consist of a chase and a clash. also they are not big action scenes, but the worse is that those action scenes are very tasteless like the whole movie. the love affair between douglas and bassinger was very unnecessary. besides, the assassination plot to the president is the most cliché story in this genre either, but they insist on that. and this is not a cat and mouse film as it is supposed to be. although, douglas is very old now, he has still potential for acting in an action thriller. in the film, michael douglas cannot be like tommy lee jones, for example. sutherland is a wrong choice either, because you feel as if you watch jack bauer and somehow, its character is one of the reasons which make the film like a tv movie, eva longoria parker is a strange choice, of course she is too passive or straight in this movie, because she is a soap opera actress. the movie was not fun even one second to me, so i could not get over for a while.

not to be confused with the above average supernatural thriller "the sentinel". the sentinel was a big bore of a movie for me, not delivering the consistent action, a couple of critics promised on the back. to me it seemed like everyone was halfassing it, and only there to make some quick cash, because this felt very much like a made for tv film. the sentinel is a rehash of several better films, like "in the line of fire" this does not have any originality in it, and watching michael douglas run around, felt kinda silly in my opinion. the main problem besides it's unoriginality, had to be the poor pace. i often got distracted while trying to view this movie, while looking how much run time was left, more then once. not only the miscasting with eva longoria, who couldn't convince worth a lick.performances. michael douglas is usually a dependable actor, here is obviously going through the motions. he does not convince as a man on a run, or a secret agent. his chemistry with bassinger, was also off. i'm a big fan of kiefer sutherland, but here he is only ok, nothing more then that. he tries to come across as a gruff, but managed to be more bland then anything else, and to be honest, he didn't seem that interested. eva longoria parker is pretty mediocre. she does not convince in her role, and was pure eye candy. kim basinger is pretty terrible as the 1st lady. she looks bored to tears, and her role is a throw away, more then anything else. martin donovan has a big part in the end, but not enough to matter for me.bottom line. the sentinel is yet, another political thriller, that bored me to tears. it's too old, too tired, and most importantly the lack of effort sucked. not recommended.4/10

i've been willing to put up with a lot from late-spring/summer action fluff movies, but in general that's been due to the fact that most of them have reasonable payoff (i.e. cool special effects, interesting plot twists, comic value, steve buscemi, etc.). this movie, however, had none of this. all that we got was the cheap thrill of several minutes of eva longoria's cleavage (an issue of maxim is cheaper than a movie ticket). there is an embarrassing lack of plot, suspense, back story, character development, continuity, etc. i would get into specifics, but quite frankly i've already-maybe willingly-forgotten most of the movie.the entire time i was in the theater, i was kicking myself for not just spending the afternoon watching a 24 season on dvd. save your money on this one, folks. unless you really, really, really like eva longoria's cleavage.

i saw the film tonight at a free preview screening, and despite the fact that i didn't pay a dime to see this film i still felt ripped off. ladies and gentlemen, time is money and if you see this film you are leaving a benjamin on your seat. the acting is torpid at best; kiefer sutherland phones in his worst impersonation of jack bauer, and michael douglas looks like he realizes he made a bad choice leaving catherine zeta-jones for the duration it took to shoot this turkey. eva longoria is a non-entity; she looks like she's reading her lines off a teleprompter. and if you can't spot the "mole" within the first 20 minutes, then you just landed on this planet from a world without tv and recycled story lines. if you truly want to see a good secret service thriller, rent in the line of fire. if you see and buy into this one, you'll start to fear for the president's safety because the secret service looks and acts like the grown-up versions of the kinds from 90210. no matter what your feelings about w, let's hope this "art" does not imitate life.

seriously, i don't even know where to begin. it's like somebody gave a bazillion dollar budget to an autistic third-grader and said 'make me a movie about the secret service'. the editing is ridiculous, the cinematography was random at best, every single syllable of dialogue was completely retarded and the directing ... well, was there even a director there? everything was just so pointless and lame and pointless...and random....and lame.here's a spoiler for you; this movie is the dumbest thing you'll ever see. however, if you liked this piece, you'll also enjoy; deterrance, dark blue, and a partial frontal lobotomy.

there is good. there is bad. and then their is the sentinel, a bottom-barrel political "thriller" that ranks among the worst movies i have ever seen. the plot of a mole in the secret service is a good one, but never has a movie with so much potential been so utterly butchered. directed with ham-handed "edginess" by clark johnson, every actor in this film seems to be working on autopilot. even the great michael douglas looks bored here. i can honestly say i have never, in all my life, viewed another film with so many glaring plot holes. the twist is predictable from square one, and the character's motives are so utterly ridiculous that they inspired laughter from the audience. avoid this at all costs. this is a catastrophe of a movie with no redeeming value.

lets first start this review with the fact that i signed up just to write the review and warn people to save their money!!this was one of the worst pieces of trash i have seen since the hulk. the storyline was the most predictable garbage you could possibly come up with. if you are expecting 24 but on the big screen, flush that expectation down the toilet immediately along with the money you would use for a ticket.. you may get more enjoyment that way. the acting was terrible, the plot was completely unrealistic, (along with the so called "twist" in the end. i must say this.. the ending did surprise me. i am not referring to the plot twist that surprised me, but instead the effortless manner that they put together what could be considered the only scene of somewhat decent action in the entire movie. they rushed the ending so quickly that i didn't even realize that it was over until i saw the credits rolling and at that point i considered burning the reel of film if i could just figure out how to get into that screening room.casting was awful for a few reasons. first of all, they must have accidentally switched the character assignments, because michael douglas played the roll that clearly keifer sutherland should have been playing. while douglas was sneaking around agents, tapping phone lines, hacking into systems and taking out people who are chasing after him, sutherland plays the less capable agent who is always in a bad mood even when things aren't going that badly for him. he plays a very bland agent, nothing like his jack bauer type roll us 24 fans love.i can just about promise you that this movie will disappoint in all areas. it can be best compared to a remake of the "the fugitive" / "in the line of fire" but written by people with mental disabilities

story goes like this, netflix was late sending me my dvds so i went on down to the the analog rental place known as "blockbuster video" they suck you know. real bad, they have 150 copies of the latest lame movies for your viewing pleasure yet i never want to see any of those. so i saw btk killer there on the shelf, all by its lonesome self. i like seeing films based on serial killers. its just a part of humanity that i will never understand, therefore i wanna see that kind of stuff. anyways i put this dvd in and all the sudden from the very first second, it sucks. i'm sitting there with my b.f. and we are like, "what is this kind of crap?" unsteady camera operation, horrible acting,- the first scene in which a woman gets killed you wonder if she would rather just calmly gab instead, then a rat gets stuffed down her throat. i really wonder if the director has a hard-on for this crap. there is nothing decent about this "film". all i have to say to the director is "do you own a freakin' tripod?" every shot was brutally unstable. the music was awful. it was like they just decided one day to make a movie. they were probably gathering people from walmart to show up and "act" for them. just plain awful. if you make a movie like this then directing is your hobby-not what you should be doing for a living- should not make it to the dvd renal outlets for movie buffs like myself. better left at home for your friends when you are having a party and run out of interesting things to entertain them with.... then you break out your btk killer film and say, "wanna see this crappy movie i did once?"

oh my god! please, for the love of all that is holy, do not watch this movie! it it 82 minutes of my life i will never get back. sure, i could have stopped watching half way through. but i thought it might get better. it didn't. anyone who actually enjoyed this movie is one seriously sick and twisted individual. no wonder us australians/new zealanders have a terrible reputation when it comes to making movies. everything about this movie is horrible, from the acting to the editing. i don't even normally write reviews on here, but in this case i'll make an exception. i only wish someone had of warned me before i hired this catastrophe

i rented this horrible movie. the worst think i have ever seen. i believe a 1st grade class could have done a better job. the worse film i have ever seen and i have seen some bad ones. nothing scary except i paid 1.50 to rent it and that was 1.49 too much. the acting is horrible, the characters are worse and the film is just a piece of trash. the slauther house scenes are so low budget that it makes a b movied look like an oscar candidate. all i can say is if you wnat to waste a good evening and a little money go rent this horrible flick. i would rather watch killer clowns from outer space while sitting in a bucket of razors than sit through this flop again

this is by far the worst horror/thriller i've seen in my 29 years. if someone offers this to you for free tell them no. this movie makes you a dumber person for knowing you watched it. the plot isn't even the worst part of this movie.....its the acting, camera work, lighting, and sound. there is absolutely nothing to like about this movie. whoever paid to have this film made is broke now. i hope the director never gets the greenlight for another movie. in its defense this movie was made quickly to try to capitalize on the actual btk killer's capture but i've seen movie of the weeks that looked like oscar winners compared to this.

this movie features a gorgeous brunette named danielle petty. she has stunning green eyes, and is in the first few scenes and the last scene. she is the only thing about this movie that is not repulsive. she may not have a future as an actress, because this kind of movie is the kind of offensive disaster that kills careers.the movie itself has absolutely nothing to recommend it. it is not a good horror film, or a good fake journalistic report, or remotely well done. there is no skill apparent in it's production. it is like a bad student film. the story's horrific elements do not make you sick, it is the fact that it is so poorly done that makes you sick. i would give this movie zero stars if i could.

this movie start quite gruesomely with a female being bound and psychologically tortured. there's male full frontal nudity, dead animal parts, dogs licking nipples, the female loosing control of her bladder. all shot in a gray cold color. effective, but a little too much. we then move on to seeing the btk killer's youth as well as the present and his history of crimes. the tension is entirely psychological and the scenes of the killer entering the homes of his victims and talking to them lasts for quite a long time and it's creepy. here we don't see fancy or good imagery, it looks as if shot with your home camera. it doesn't look horrifying, but in a way seeing a criminal engage his victims for quite some time before killing them is quite unusual and chilling. what this movie doesn't have is any drama, really. there are some cop scenes every once in a while, but there's no excitement in terms of them finding the killer. there isn't much of an arc to this story. this could have been an effective psychological thriller, a study of madness. unfortunately, the movie is filled with real slaughterhouse footage. it's dispersed throughout the movie and comes on suddenly again and again. sometimes you don't know it's coming and don't have enough time to look away. and that i have to reject. i'm all for low budget horror movies but i don't tolerate animal suffering. it was unnecessary, excessive, and comes without warning. i'm glad that lionsgate releases stuff that no one else does, but they should have passed on this movie or edited out the animal gore. stay away from this garbage.

this is the biggest piece of crap ever. it looks like they spent more time, effort, and money making the dvd cover than they did on the actual movie. i really thought the dvd had been switched out with someone's homemade porno until i recognized one of the actors from the cover. this movie looks like someone made it with a hundred bucks and a camcorder and they spent half of that on rats. the picture is really clear, but that, along with the very unfortunate lighting, cinematography, if you can call it that, production, acting, if that is actually what they are doing, and script, if they had one, makes this movie look worse than an old porno. at least the old porno has a point. this just looks like some peta members got together and decided to make a really disturbing, pointless psa about animals rights and feelings. this is so not worth the money or the time. it has nothing in common with the actual btk serial killer other than the name of the killer and that of some of the victims. the people who made this movie should be glad he's not still free, or he might have come after them just for screwing up this movie so bad.

i question the motive of the creators of this fictional account of the btk killer's motives. are they attempting to portray animal rights activists as sick monsters? who is responsible for this? don't they think the people involved with this monster are hurting enough? what a blatant disrespect and exploitation of the victims! it was like a personality experiment: what disturbs you more, the slaughterhouse or the human murders? they used actual names of some of the victims....this movie was hideous, disrespectful and insulting! the creators of this movie used this tragedy for their own agenda! people need to awaken and redraw the line!

my mother worked with dennis l. raider for eleven years, not to mention shared an office with him. when it was announced he was btk, she was shocked. the whole day was just her telling stories about how she never would have seen him as the wichita killer. i've heard her re-tell them many times. i've inquired her about a lot of things, and gone to all the interviews that she was asked to go to. i've read the entire book written about raider, wichita is my hometown and i was surprised that such a thing could happen in kansas.there was another btk movie on tv not too long ago, and i thought this one would have been better at portraying dennis' killings, maybe even have some intelligent touches to his motives.i'm going to be very blunt with the flaws in this movie. this is based on my mom's portrayal of him, all my readings on him, and the video tapes i've seen of him talking.first of all, the camera angles were horrible. it looked as though it had been shot on a home video camera. the acting was terrible and i couldn't even bear to watch it.dennis raider never had long hair. dennis raider was a "very anal man" and was a "follow the rule book" kind of guy. he wasn't as nice as the movie made him look, he was very polite and abrupt, business like. same goes for his killings, as far as we all know. if you've seen his confession in court, you can already guess.and as for the obsession with the slaughter house? no. never have i read or has dennis raider confessed to having a problem with animal cruelty or people squishing bugs. in fact, he practiced on cats and dogs for choking methods. yet through-out the whole movie he was putting animals in his victim's faces and acting like he cared about the well-being of them.dennis raider never killed the people that he knew, he confessed this, but in the movie in his first killing he tells the lady he knows her also.i really don't even want to go in to this movie, and i'm already ranting. this is not what you want to watch if you are interested in the actual happenings of btk. this is not what you want to watch if you want a good horror movie. if you want a badly shot half-porno with some slaughter scenes served the side, then this is your kind of movie.

don't see this movie. bad acting and stupid gore effects. a complete waste of time. i was hoping to see a lot of cool murders and hot chicks,instead the director depended on animal slaughter videos to shock you, the watcher. disgusting. the murders are pretty lame, basically strangulation. one woman he stuffs worms in her mouth, one he puts raw hamburgers on her face and strangles her. btk = btk broiler, burger king's "killer" new sandwich....ha ha. i don't think this movie relied too much on actual facts. i mean, he real btk killer didn't carry around a bunch of rodents, scorpions and worms..and oh yeah...a slaughtered cow head too. go figure.

this was the worst movie i have ever seen and i've seen a lot of bad movies. first of i'm from kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. its like they took btk name and made up the rest. on top of that it looks like someone was like i've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. the slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter btk did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. the made for tv ones are way better and way more accurate

i have never watched a movie in so little time. the only salvation was the fast forward function on the dvd unit. it was like watching a poorly produced cbc film. there was obviously no money for lighting, filming, sets, location, scriptwriters, editors, actors... oh, there was absolutely no story either! i need to write ten lines of comment... bad, awful, horrible, wretched, anguishing, tortuous, bilious, nauseous, sickening, fromage, disgusting, flimsy, icky, yucky, pukey, stinky, smelly, vile, putrid, all-thumbs-down, and i don't know if i can keep on going to complete all ten lines of just how bad this piece of crap-o-matic production was!

this movie was so ridiculous i never even finished watching it i actually thought someone had made their own version and dubbed it onto the dvd from the movie store. this movie made me sick not because it was gory, but because i wasted 2 50 on it!!!! it looks like my brother and i went into a house and made the movie ourselves and edited slaughterhouse footage into it! i am so ticked off, even the btk killer deserves more credit than that it was not even accurate i mean come on the cow head was obviously made out of play dough or bubble gum omg i cant even get all the words out to explain it do not watch this movie!!!!!!!

this movie is the biggest steaming pile of you know what, being from and growing up in wichita kansas;i know for a fact 90% of the movie was bogus. aside from the names of some of the victims, nothing else much was correct. the movie looks like it was made with dad's handy-cam, it had footage that i believe came from another film along with stock footage from a slaughter house. i usually enjoy watching bad films for the fun of it, but due to the bad acting, poorly prepared or non existent sets and a very dull and short ending.it was a struggle to watch it through to the ending. i recommend that you not waste your money on this film or you will be sorry. crunch

this movie is just so awful. so bad that i can't bear to expend anything other than just a few words. avoid this movie at all costs, it is terrible.none of the details of the crimes are re-enacted correctly. lots of slaughterhouse footage. weird cuts and edits. no continuity to the plot. the acting is absolutely the most amateur i have ever seen.this bomb of a movie was obviously made to make some money without any regard to the accuracy of it's content. the camera work is out of focus at times and always shaky. it looks as if it was shot on video.in fact, now that they've got dennis rader with life in prison, i wish they would put the guys that made this horrible movie into prison as well.seriously, don't even think about watching this one. i'd give it a negative star if i could.

as i work at a video store, i found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movies i've ever seen, and warn my friends and co-workers of it. amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what is the worst movie, my friend dared me to watch b.t.k. killer, even stating that if i could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the worst movie ever, then he'd watch it. i lost. i believe that even i made better videos than this in high school, and those were hardly great feats of a young genius. this film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder, although it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (wooden, hollow, and pathetic don't scratch the surface), as well as just generally bad movie feeling. i can remember a scene where i heard glass smash, suddenly, i was reminded of some bad high school plays (i know that i reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very juvenile) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too fake, but also as if the people were reading their lines from the script, not entirely sure what was actually going on. my review doesn't do this film justice, because i can't describe how utterly horrid the time i spent watching this was. it's almost ironic that i do a pathetic job describing a pathetic excuse for a movie.

i can't really say what i think about this movie, its against the guidelines, i've watched many many films, and this has got to be the worst one yet, extremely low budget, i'm guessing all the money went into the slaughter house scenes, cause i could of did a better job with a b&w 8mm camera and a crew of monkeys. it was so bad i registered just to leave a comment, cause i had to tell someone, movie rental place wasn't enough. but this is my 2 cents worth, i suggest borrowing it from some poor sap who rented it and watch it yourself. cause i sure wouldn't waste the money on it myself again. now i leave you with this comment. i hope your not made at the rental place when they wont refund you your money .. =)

horrible, horrible, horrible do not waste your money to rent this movie. its like a low budget made for tv canadian movie. absolutely the worst movie i have ever seen and there have been many others out there. this movie is not worth the time it takes to put it in the dvd player or vcr. :~( . is it possible to write ten lines? the acting was horrific. it had absolutely no flow. i saw the made for tv movie on the btk killer and it was much better(in comparison to this one). i am not sure what they were going for in producing this film but if it was to educate us or tell a story about the btk killer they missed by a mile. it appeared to be more of a infomercial for animal rights.

i just watched this movie today and not only is it, terrible and awful but it looks like the director just got a few friends together to make a movie about a sick man. i also think that this movie has the look of a porn video with it's clear crisp just filmed view.thank heavens i work in a video store and i didn't have to pay for it cause this movie is crap x infinity..do not buy or rent this movie!!!!! you'd have a better time watching dude where's my car than this piece of crap! and that's not saying a lot for that movie either.the acting is lousy and the movie is just very unwatchable. i was watching this movie and i wanted to kill myself during and after the movie.i walked home and threw up after watching this piece of dirt movie, i then took a shower and burnt my clothes. if i had half a mind i would of took the movie outside and burned it too cause no one should be subjected to it...well maybe members of al queda..especially the ones we have in custody and also child rapists who are in prison on life sentences with out parole....just make a set up like a clock work orange, and then force these cheese head to watch it over and over again.

to compare this squalor with an old, low budget porno flick would be an insult to the old, low budget porno flick. the animal scenes have no meaning nor do they represent this man and his crimes even in the broadest sense of abstractions. the synopsis on the back of the dvd case says in part, "gripping retelling of the btk killer's reign of terror." this is not a retelling. a retelling would suggest that you are being told the truth of what happened or how or why. none of these things are true. i'm an enthusiastic studier of serial killers and have seen some pretty crappy movies about them and honestly, this is not one of them. this isn't even about the btk killer. save yourself some time and a few bucks and rent dahmer instead. that serial killer movie is accurate and true. however, if you just have to see this movie for yourself, check it out for free at your local library and even then, you'll still feel cheated.

the case is the best part of the movie but it alone is not worth the purchase price. i expected a "based on the true story" movie only to find a shot on home video hodge-podge of poorly shot clips tied together with pathetic acting and non-related slaughter house scenes. the video scenes had numerous rewind situations which were used probably to extend the length of the feature rather than for effects. i started this review before i was even halfway through the movie and waited till it was over just in case it had a better ending but, low and behold it only got worse. if i could mark it any lower it would have been a negative ten. learn from my mistake and save your money and time with this one.

the past creeps up on a rehab-addict when he reconnects with his ill brother and a former girlfriend after what he hopes was his last stint in detox. "life's dramas", presented here in the most simplistic way imaginable (not even the writing has any bite or wit). the cast is made up of attractive looking actors smiling glumly at one another, and the music and photography are lugubrious (a couple of the visual effects are laughable, indie-cliché touches that reek of a puny budget). although written and directed by a man, this was produced by a woman, and i'm not sure but i think this may be a distinct reason why this picture about two men, estranged brothers growing closer, never quite gels, never feels natural or seems lived in. it's an attempt to get inside a male relationship, but the careful, sterile presentation is a cheat. no one's heart is in this, living, breathing, or bleeding this material. "the perfect son" is quickly diffused by too many cooks in the kitchen.

i'm starting to write this review during a break as i watch the movie. it's the first time i've tried doing that, but i'm having trouble getting through this one without occasional breaks. that's not because it's intense but because it's bad.it's almost painfully tedious and unbelievable, especially when the preternaturally robust dying brother ryan (colm feore) is on screen being tragic and bitchy, self-indulgent and self-pitying. this would have been a much better movie if they'd just left that character out of the story.he adds nothing but mawkish, maudlin, very irritating melodrama. maybe somebody decided that if they couldn't make ryan believable they'd just make him obnoxious. the problem with that is: who cares if a spoiled, whining, obnoxious jerk is dying? not me.the only thing this character has going for him is the fact that he's dying, and sorry, but that's just not enough. dying doesn't make anybody special. we're all dying, sooner or later. it doesn't give anybody the right to expect sympathy while acting like a jerk.the other two characters, and the actors playing them (david cubitt as theo and chandra west as sarah), are very much more interesting, and their story, without ryan's self-pitying interruptions, would have made a much better movie. but it's not over yet, and it's time to hit play again. maybe something great happens before the end....nope. sorry. this rented turkey goes back tonight!

ursula andress' naked body is one of those things that make you believe in god. the other two women (especially the one who plays the maid) have great bodies as well. then why is the higher grade that i can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only 3 out of 10? because, to get to ursula's unbelievable body, we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring (keep in mind that i watched the full 101-minute version, not the 78-minute american one which probably cuts out a lot of the extraneous material). in typical italian-comedy tradition, most of the characters are exaggerated caricatures (the army freak, the "latin lover", the constant drunk, the naive maid) that are not funny, simply overacted. final word: watch this, but keep your finger on the fast-forward button, you're gonna need it. (*)

what was this supposed to be? a remake of fisher king? why do we care about sandler's character? what a slow, dreary, boring, who-gives-a-damn-about-these-people movie!!! just simply painful to sit through, i turned it off before it was over. it's so obvious that cheadle needs help as much as sandler; like i said: can you say "fisher king"? and how does this psychotic character function in his daily life? we aren't supposed to think that deeply, i guess. why does cheadle continue to give sandler a chance to turn violent on him? if they were such good friends, how did they grow apart? if cheadle is so in control, why does he keep seeking the advice of the shrink on the street? we are never told. that's why fisher king was a better film on so many levels and why this just sucks. nearly 8 out of 10 average score? i don't agree. at all. even the top films are lucky to get such a high average rating, and this crap doesn't deserve to be in the same universe with them.

i admit the problem i have with the much-celebrated ealing films i've seen so far could be mine. to my taste, either they are black and rippingly funny, or so light in tone to be unsatisfying as comedies or stories. that's a self-important way of saying i wanted to like "the man in the white suit" but found myself struggling to sit through its short run time.textile worker sidney stratton (alec guinness) may be meek in manner, but he is doggedly committed to progress in the form of his attempts to invent a strand of fabric that can't be broken or made dirty. using a factory lab for his latest experiment, he toils against limitations both material and human - the latter being the benighted mill bosses who don't understand what he is up to, then figure it out and become even more committed to stopping him."it's small minds like yours that stand in the way of progress," sidney complains, practicing in the mirror what he struggles to say to the man.one problem with "man in the white suit" is that sidney's vision of progress is awfully small-minded, too, more so even than that of the bosses or the laborers who also resent his work. my problem is more elemental: for a comedy, "white suit" is not funny. it's a rather earnest script which too often tries to mine its feeble attempts at humor from spit-takes, double-takes, triple-takes, and dizzy takes.the best joke is the sound of the machine sidney toils at, going "bleep-blop-bleep-bop" endlessly and fetching queer looks from every visitor until sidney either extracts his miracle from it or blows it up trying. like every other bit of stray humor that functions decently in this film, it's leaned on too long.i've never seen guinness less affecting in a movie, even though he looks impossibly young and earnest (though actually in his mid-30s). he seems so bloodless, even more so than the wax-faced general he played in "doctor zhivago" he's the same cold fish whether he's ignoring the sad affections of the affecting mill girl who offers to give him her life savings when he loses his job (pan-faced vida hope as bertha) or the more sultry charms of young daphne birnley (joan greenwood), his one real ally in his fight against "shabbiness and dirt", as she puts it, making those words sound as impossibly sexy as only greenwood could.supporting players make "white suit" work as well as it does. ernest thesinger of "bride of frankenstein" fame plays a singularly nasty captain of industry who looks like nosferatu and makes a laugh like a death rattle. howard marion-crawford as another factory leader is as memorable here as he was playing a blinkered medical officer in "lawrence of arabia". then there's the undeniable charm of mandy miller as a little girl who steals her few moments on camera right from under everyone else.but most of the scenes are played so straight that one wouldn't think director alexander mackendrick had ever worked on a comedy before (his previous ealing comedy "whisky galore" doesn't reverse that impression, alas). roger macdougall's play posits the notion of scientific progress as potential disaster, but fails to present dull sidney in anything other than the most blandly pleasant of lights.ealing comedies are remembered for capturing the human side of comedy. yet the ealings i've seen never seem to do this, working only when they play aggressively against our own sympathies. "kind hearts and coronets" and "the ladykillers" (mackendrick again, go figure) are classics this way. "white suit", on the other hand, is a pointless ramble that falls apart when it should cohere, just like that unfortunate suit.

the premise of this movie is revealed on the dvd box. a textile worker develops a miracle fabric that doesn't degrade. but the movie fails to get on with it. instead it pads for 45 minutes, noodling around a preamble before he makes the big discovery. since audiences don't benefit much from seeing a whiz kid figuring things out, it's a strange choice: the movie has successfully been prevented from engaging any topic. once the fabric is discovered, the movie too rapidly establishes that both industry bigwigs, and blue-collar co-workers want the invention squelched, leaving the movie with just two flimsy movements; inventing the chemical, and running from oppressors.i can't understand why anyone would describe this as comedy. the tone isn't funny or comical. it's more like serious social criticism of the day: that capitalism warps both supply chains and production. which in turn prevents innovation from reaching and improving the world. yes, that's probably true, but without some toying with an attitude towards that fact, the movie is simply an earnest argument. you'll need an extremely broad definition of comedy to find any here.this is more like a british meet john doe (meet nigel doe ?).

i couldn't bear to sit through he entire movie. do families like this really exist somewhere? there have been many comments describing this family as akin to llbean models and such, and i think that that is a great description of how they behaved.more absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in high school as "pigface" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds steve carrel on the first date. that's when i quit watching...if you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, self-indulgent waste of time.

there's little to get excited about "dan in real life". first off, the whole setup is incredibly contrived. did you really believe that during that very long first meeting conversation at the restaurant, marie wouldn't have told dan where she was going? and since dan did all the talking during that conversation, why would she be so attracted to him? for that matter, i never figured out why marie was so attracted to dan throughout the movie. he's very narcissistic and does little to convince us that he's truly a good guy (for example he lies to marie in the bookstore, ridicules his brother about his past girlfriends and tries to make marie jealous with a 'blind date'). there's more contrivance such as that ridiculous scene at the bowling alley where dan and marie are caught making out by the whole family. yeah like that could really happen. dan in real life is slow-paced, sappy and manipulative. even chick flicks like the jane austen book club get higher marks than this predictable "tearjerker".

well, my goodness, am i disappointed. when i first heard news of a remake of robert wise's 1963 film, "the haunting", i had a fear that it would be ruined by an abundance of summer-movie sized visual effects. but, deep down, i had faith. surely, with such a talented cast intact...de bont and company will not ruin a film, who's original was a fantastic and frightening movie that understood the delicate art of subtlety. well, subtlety, where are you now!!?? my fears have manifested...a promising movie has gone wrong. yes, eugenio zannetti's production design is jaw-dropping; the movie is wonderfully photographed; and composer jerry goldsmith can never ever do wrong. but, the script puts it's fine actors to the test..asking them to deliver the kind of stilted dialogue that is only spoken in movies. in the end, the always wonderful lili taylor is the only performer to escape with some dignity...and that's just barely. but, the crime of all crimes is that the horror is shown to us. we can no longer use our imaginations, feel that horrible dread of fear of the unknown. no, we get some visual effects to show us what we're supposed to be afraid of...and you know what? as wonderfully realized as they are...the visual effects come off as sort of silly. and the climax is a phantasmogoric mess...but things had gone terribly wrong long before that. everything in the haunting is overdone and overblown. i'm afraid there are no real thrills or creaks in this old haunted house monstrosity...only groans. check out the original instead.

just a dumb old movie. first stanwyck's son gets his foot trapped in a really dumb way, and then her husband gets his foot trapped in another really dumb way. in an effort to save him, stanwyck gets unlucky, yet again, and comes across an escaped convict. she has a chance to kill him but fails in a very dumb way. in the end her husband is saved, and stanwyck tells us through narration what the dumb message of the movie is. all's well than ends dumb.i could never figure out how an unattractive woman like stanwyck ever made it as a leading lady in hollywood's glamour-oriented golden era; that nose is so beautiful so photogenic the film is mercifully short, running a little over an hour. it's as though the director sensed that he was making crap, so he thought it best to keep the crap short.

awesomely improbable and foolish potboiler that at least has some redeeming, crisp location photography, but it's too unbelievable to generate much in the way of tension. i was kinda hoping that stanwyck wouldn't make it back in time because, really, she was saddled with the wet, in more ways than one, husband,and she had an idiot child as well..why not run off with meeker? but the nagging question remains..what sort of wood was that pier support made of if a rotten piece of it pulled off didn't float? stanwyck, always impeccably professional, does the best she could with the material but it's threadbare.

this is easily one of the worst 5 movies i've ever seen. it's not scary or any of the other things suggested in the plot outline. this movie is agonizingly slow and i was bored for almost all 98 minutes. while the acting is mediocre at best, the biggest problem is the script, which is poorly written, slow and plodding with no real direction. occasionally an eerie mood is set only to be broken by some useless line or event. i'm not surprised that the entire cast was sick and throwing up between shots, they did after all have to try and digest a terrible script. as a huge fan of good horror movies, i'm always irritated that something this bad gets made. save yourself 98 minutes you'll never get back.

i checked this movie out when it still had 6 votes and it said like 7.2 or something, but seriously this is a horrible movie. lets break it down. the first thing you notice about this movie is that it was filmed on a hand-held digital camera owned by a freshman at a community college. the next thing you'll notice is that the actors, are all friends of said freshman (he probably met them at the pub the night before. third on the list you will notice that the musical editing is horrible, and they try to cram many songs into this movie, at 30 second intervals... also all digital editing is done on said freshman's home pc... probably using windows movie maker. this movie was horrible... pretentious, had an undeniably bad script, and acting that followed suit. i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone i know, but i do sentence the writer and director to watch this movie in hell for an eternity.

mercifully, there's no video of this wannabe western that a stay-afloat vehicle for big frank at a time when his career was floundering. the story of a weasel who lives on the reputation of his big gun brother and who gets run out of town by bad guys only to return to rally his townfolks with a new found courage must have been written by a back-room writer. all in all, this show stinks. the story is basically boring, ill-conceived and so naive that it can offend your intelligence. i must depart complete from the other reviewer who found it "...underrated..." the critics slammed it at the time and deservedly so. you'll have to catch it on the last show, if you up late and having a bout of insomnia. but, if you can sit through it, you've more fortitude than most of my movie buff friends.

not as bad as you've heard. there are actually some funny parts and affleck and applegate have fairly good chemistry. applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as affleck's love interest. james gandolfini and catherine o'hara are consummate professionals. they're pretty good in just about everything. in the end, "surviving" is not the worst holiday movie you'll ever see. unfortunately, it is unfocused and much of the comedy is forced. the attempts at dark humor come off as dour. affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed. his character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to gandolfini and o'hara's more muted, believable performances. even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you never fully buy into the set-up of affleck "renting" this family for x-mas.there are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. the x-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only isn't funny or believable but disturbing.to make matters worse, the colors in this film are muddy, almost noirish. the house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap."surviving" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office duds (paycheck, gigli, jersey girl, and this) for affleck. it remains to be seen how lasting the damage will be.

drew latham(ben affleck)is determined not to be lonely this christmas. not only is drew a millionaire; but also obnoxious and guilty of being very grandiose. drew goes back to the home he grew up in and offers the family living there, the valco's, $250,000 to be his "family" through the christmas season. tom valco(james gandolfini)is reluctant, but is greedy enough to take drew's offer. christine valco(catherine o'hara)has little to say in the matter, but learns to like having drew around...not exactly the same sentiment with daughter alicia(christina applegate), but that too has room for change. drew's girlfriend missy(jennifer morrison)tracks down drew and wants her folks to meet his family. genuine fun is in store as a happy noel becomes a hilarious dysfunctional nightmare. other members of the cast: josh zuckerman, bill macy, david selby and stephanie faracy. affleck is comedic, albeit strange.

i went to see this film at the cinemas and i was shocked when i got in the room. there was only me and my girlfriend! this shouted to me that this film is not very good. not to my surprise, the film was dire. ben affleck plays a guy who buys a family for christmas. it is a very predictable narrative with him falling in love with the girl that hates him. his acting is okish but for the comedy aspect of the film he is not very good. the plot line is poor and the comedy almost non-existent.however, there are some good points. for example, the family is falling apart and the mother is very funny.i hope this review stops other people wasting their money. i was very embarrassed when i came out of the room!!!

as hard as it is for me to believe, with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years, this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet. i am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the sctv gang. if andy kaufmann were still alive i'd be sure he was behind this. can a rock band stoop any lower than has inxs to do such a shameful thing as this? the premise is simple and moronic. audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of inxs, to take the place of michael hutchence (who committed suicide in 1997). eight years and no hits later, the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime. so they trot all of these awful singers (i thought american idol had its share of doozies) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic (and predictable) rock song imaginable. and then they cut to the inxs band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates. you could see better (and more original) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world.it has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show. lame reality participants, lame interviews, lame host/emcee, lame "judging" of performances, and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show. can these shows get any more predictable? it's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion. michael hutchence, if he had any shred of dignity when alive, has to be rolling over in his grave. not that inxs were ever a great band, but i had no idea they were this pathetic. if inxs are at all representative of what rock and roll has become, this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all, dead.

i love all his work but this looks like nothing.. sorry.. this looks more like a "david lynch copycat". i think people like it only because "it's from david lynch".

...but this just isn't working and i am surprised to see how many people consider it good. on what grounds? there are some loose hints here and there, but the whole material is self-indulgent and unconvincing. lynch's movies are generally intriguing because they generate a sense of confusion and yet, are very playful when doing that. there is some visual sense, there are some subplots, characters, ideas etc. but this is dull and yes, pointless. because whatever there is to explore is either to "small", either too far-fetched, or simply told before in a superior manner. it's just lynch exploring dv, nothing more so it should be treated like this. 1/10

wow, i love and respect pretty much anything that david lynch has done. however, this movie is akin to a first filmmaker's attempt at making a pseudo art video. to give you a couple of examples: 1. david lynch is typically a visual filmmaker, however, this had little visual artistic content (blank walls, "up shots" with ceiling in the background) 2. david lynch typically takes great pride in audio, however, in this you could even hear the video camera's hum. in fact, it is very hard to swallow the idea that he had anything to do with this movie. unless......this is a joke, on david's part, to force fans search his website (for hours) only to find this drivel. i hope so, because at least that idea is funny.

i finally got to have a look at this experimental lynch short after waiting for so long....and unfortunately, it wasn't worth it! even for a die hard lynch fan, i found this to be really tedious....nothing happens, there are long, long, long painful pauses where nothing happens, long, monotonous speeches where nothing is said and the whole thing finishes with the viewer not knowing, or caring, what the hell it was all about, what happened before and what happened afterward. there was a mulholland drive allusion - the blonde girl and the brunette girl were very diane and rita -esque, and a lost highway moment with allusions to some significant event that happened but cannot be talked about clearly. unfortunately, it's all very uninteresting and very dull, nothing happens, it's very forgettable and i think i will delete it from my computer and forget i ever watched it. sorry david!

i am a huge fan of david lynch. this film, however, was a quite disappointing experience. apart from the ambient background music  which really sets the mood of the film  it lacks almost all the qualities that i've come to associate with lynch's work. the visuals are dull, to say the least, and the dialog is to vague and monotone to be of any interest.this feels more like a film students awkward try to do an arty dogma movie than the work of an experienced director. i've seen a lot of amateur movies with far superior camera-work, scenery, sound and script. this film lacks almost all artistic qualities. i feel as though i'm watching one of davids home videos, produced during a weekend trip with some friends.

i grew up watching and loving tng. i just recently finished watching the entire series st voyager on dvd, which may have heightened my sense of disgust with this episode, as the difference in style and approach between the two shows couldn't be more stark. the idea may have been good if used as an opportunity to further expand riker's character, which is how it probably would have been treated on voy. they could have featured memories that would be "new" to the audience, rather than simply regurgitating old show clips. the in and out transitions between the "memories" and the "present" in this episode start as cliché in the beginning, and very quickly become intolerable as the tired pattern wears on and on. bar none- worst episode ever.

because of the 1988 writers guild of america strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. it's pretty much crap, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from season 2 and was described by its writer, maurice hurley as "terrible, just terrible." why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. i'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. this episode also marks the final appearance of diana muldaur (dr. katherine pulaski) on the series.

i saw this movie in a theater in chicago and should have enjoyed it, since i love nemesis but if the first half an hour is skillfully done, the rest is just sub-predator video fodder, a long chase through those post-modern empty factories pyun affectionnates. my girlfriend fell asleep. i still like pyun though, but not this

naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of crap in cinematic history is not an easy task, candidates being so abundant, but nemesis 2 has been my personal favorite ever since i saw it. it was so funny we had to rent it again the next day, and again i laughed so hard i was literally rolling on the floor. (this usually only happens when i see monty python's "scott of the antarctic".)throughout the whole movie, an overwhelming what-the-heck-feeling firmly grasps the viewer. i'm utterly confounded that this clumsy home video ever made it to production stage. it's supposed to be a sequel, yet has no apparent connection whatsoever with the first film. the hero has the same name, but this time "alex" is female, although it took us half way into the movie to stop guessing, what with all the muscles and the barbarian-nomad outfit!there is really no plot at all, it's merely a prolonged chase scene, only it's so slow-paced and senseless that calling it a chase scene makes it sound way more interesting than it really is. there is almost no dialogue, which is just as well considering the quality of it, and then the film suddenly just comes to an abrupt end after a blatant action scene with lots of gasoline explosions, without ever really explaining what it was all about. luckily, it never gets boring, because there's something silly and phony going on at all times!terrible movies are usually just tedious, but nemesis 2 is such a perfect mixture of over-seriousness and utter nonintentional wackiness that it's truly entertaining. rent this film, or buy it even, you won't be disappointed!

warning! spoilers!this is your typical disney film.1.policticly correct what with the foster home that has an even divison of races.2.insults the viewers intellect with its simplistic lines.3.the boy's slezy father is almost directly taken from the never ending story 2.4.in a world full of crime,disase,corruption,starvation and other proplems that need to be taken care of,only a losing team is worthy of divine intervention.ughhhh!!!5.did you know that angels don't like swearing?! where the heck did that come from!6.in helping the team,the angel cause pain and humilation on the opposing team.very angelic indeed!7.the team the angels are helping are called...can you guess...the angels! disney at its worst!8."just got his training wings." brillent line!my conculsion:i did not like it at all.

i know that actors and actresses like to try different kinds of movies - hey, no one wants to get typecast - but danny glover, brenda fricker (happy birthday, brenda!) and christopher lloyd should have known better than this. "angels in the outfield" is another movie in which everything seems lost until someone or something magically comes and saves the day. do i even need to tell you how it ends? the movie is just plain lowly escapism (examples of high escapism are the various sci-fi movies from the '50s). if these movies had some political undertone - or at least offered us a new look at life - then they would be ok; this one is just pointless. far closer to diabolical than angelic. also starring tony danza, adrien brody and matthew mcconaughey, and i suspect that they don't wish to stress this in their resumes.

the movie seems disjointed and overall, poorly written. the screenplay moves along as if 10 different people wrote it, and none of them were communicating with each other. apparently they wanted to take a page from a miracle on 34th street (the original) type film, but it is done in such a poor way that the movie falls apart. this film is for only the very young, and even they will see the fact that whoever scripted it knows little to nothing about baseball. such as:  when the angels are in dead last place, the owner doesn't seem to care, nor is he bothered by the fact his manager just got into a fight with his pitcher  on the mound  or that he punched the team's play by play announcer on live tv. however, when the team is one game from winning the division, he gets bent out of shape over a story (sourced by a 6 year old) that the manager is getting help from a kid who claims to see real angels. what sounds worse? a losing violent out of control manager whose team has lost 15 in a row? or a winning coach on the verge of the playoffs that is acting a bit eccentric and is helping foster kids? the owner's reaction makes no sense. and he's moved to change his mind by maggie and her 'straight out of cliché land' speech during a news conference. the angels are supposed to be playing for the division in the final weekend series against the white sox, however at the end of the game the announcer's keep saying the angels 'won the pennant". the pennant is not decided until someone wins the league championship, not the regular season division title. whitt bass, the goofball pitcher is the starting pitcher and wins the game that breaks the angels losing streak  then is the starting pitcher  the very next day. mel clark (tony danza) is said in the ninth inning to have thrown 156 pitches, in a low-scoring ballgame. typically in low scoring games, the pitch count is much lower than this, usually around 80-90 pitches. "al" the angel says at the end "championships have to be won on their own", even though he and his angels have been manipulating and fixing games throughout the whole second half of the season.i could go on and on, as there are many other examples where the story is poorly written.for younger kids (under 10), this movie may be entertaining. it's too bad  done right this could have been a classic. done wrong like this and it's a forgettable mess that will forever live as a uhf/cable saturday morning washout.

this is a poor film by any standard. the story in match point had a certain intrigue, and the direction and writing a certain fascination (woody allen mixing his own culture with that of the classic english murder and exploring what can be done with it).scoop, however has none of this. it is poorly written, the two leads are hopelessly wooden and the story itself has no interest at all. the genre that it spoofs requires at least some sort of subplot with witty explanations and tie-ups (why are tarot cards and keys kept under french horns in locked rooms?).allen's delightful and witty versions of various hollywood genres (curse of the jade scorpion/purple rose of cairo etc) have given us so much pleasure over the years. even hollywood ending had a great central idea. sadly his inspiration has deserted him this time.

err...this movie sucked. a lot.i have been reading some of the other reviews. apparently there are a lot of people that think that anything woody allen writes or stars in is automatically good...i have watched several of his films, in the vain hope that i'm missing something. but no, they just suck. poorly written trash. the characters are all very stereotypical (not to mention rather stupid). the plot is...i think it is supposed to be mysterious. not sure on that. mr. allen's character is...woody allen, on any other film you have seen of his.if you are a fan of woody allen, go see this film. if you are under 50, don't bother. (if you are a fan of woody allen and you are under 50...well, you are atypical. i don't know what to say.)

my wife and i both thought this film a watered-down, made-for-tv (bbc) version of manhattan murder mystery...which is itself good, but not great. the story has little inter- character tension or chemistry, and not much of a plot. woody allen's character just sort of wanders around running off at the mouth, and hugh jackman and scarlett johannsson don't have a lot more to do. it's pretty disappointing, i must say. ian mcshane's role is just an expanded cameo appearance. the first thing that occurred to me was "i wonder how much the bbc had to pay woody allen to dislodge him from manhatttan?" he must've needed the money, and they must have needed his appeal to expand their audience beyond the youth market drawn to the two stars. i'm giving this movie 4 stars instead of 3 because it is unbothersome background noise. if you ever want something to have on while you're knitting or sorting your stamp collection, this'll do the job. i wouldn't pay to rent it again.

don't get me wrong, i'm a huge fan of many of woody's movies, obviously his late 70's masterpieces (annie hall,interiors, manhattan)and most of his late 80's/early 90's dramas (hannah, crimes and misdemeaners,husbands and wives) in fact i even liked some of his more recent efforts (melinda, anything else, small time crooks) but this was abysmal, i though it couldn't possibly be any worse than last years match point but how wrong i was.it was lazily plotted - basically a cross between match point, manhattan murder mystery and small time crooks,with all the jokes taken out - woody seems to be on the way out as well, slurring most of his lines and delivering 'hilarious' catchphrases 'i mean that with all due respect...' over and over until the blandness of it all becomes to much to bare.i know that most actors are queuing up to work with him but they should at least read the script first - scarlett johansson and hugh jackman are so much better than this - and woody should really take a more behind the camera role in future, if he has any sense about 20 miles behind it.it wouldn't be so tragic if we didn't have so many great woody films to compare this to - but it is clear that his best days are behind him and judging by this effort, woody should call it a day before he becomes an industry joke.embarrassingly bad

warning! this review will reveal the ending of the movie, "scoop." if you don't want to know how the movie ends, don't read this review!"scoop" is so bad you'll think "annie hall" was a fluke.it gets one star because you get to see hugh jackman's naked chest. that's the only thing "scoop" has going for it.woody allen's misogyny, and his fixation on women young enough, at this point, to be his granddaughter, has crippled any ability to make movies he may have had at any point.the plot seems promising: a ghost, ian mcshane, directs a fluffy headed student, scarlett johansson, to investigate whether or not an english lord, hugh jackman, is the notorious tarot card killer of prostitutes. a magician, woody allen, helps the girl.promising plot notwithstanding, the movie completely lacks charm, or humor, or atmosphere. it's an amazingly leaden, amateurish effort for someone who has made even one previous film, never mind dozens. perhaps allen has had a stroke that has gone unreported in the press.much is made of the fact that unlike in his previous films, woody allen, now a septuagenarian, has finally allowed a younger male lead to get the girl.not so. in fact, the plot is constructed in such a way so that the girl gets no one.there is an early scene where johansson, for no reason central to the movie, allows herself to be gotten drunk, and seduced, by a powerful, older director. "seduced" is a euphemism for what happens. it's a "slam, bam, i've gotta go" kind of moment. it bears no relation to the plot whatsoever, and it cheapens johansson in the viewer's eye. why did allen add that unnecessary scene to the movie? because it shows a powerful director - like allen - having sex with the female lead. allen gets to have his cake and eat it, too.johansson is not yet an actress. she doesn't know how to command the screen except by wearing a tight, low cut top. she imitates allen in a couple of scenes, and that just looks weird and sad.it doesn't help that her character is scripted as a doll who can't function without a ghost, or an elderly and less than awe-inspiring magician, telling her what to do at every turn.she is approximately half jackman's age, and she comes across as a very vapid screen presence in their scenes together.audience members not obsessed with breasts deserve better in their heroines, and jackman deserves better, too -- a script that gives the heroine some intelligence and agency, and an actress who can convey those qualities.hugh jackman is similarly cheated by the script. allen apparently can't stand it that jackman is so stunningly good looking and young, and so he gives jackman nothing to say or do. like johansson, he is used merely for his good looks. this is a shame, because, as jackman has shown in any number of productions, from "oklahoma" to "x men," he can act.here's the big plot twist -- jackman, suave, charming english lord, really is a killer. so, though the movie says it is all about letting someone else, other than allen, get the girl, she doesn't get anyone. jackman, the man she's been making love to, is a man who murdered a prostitute. nice, woody. nice way to punish your heroine for being beyond your grasp.in a passive aggressive touch, allen deprives his heroine of his own presence, as well, killing off his character, the magician, leaving scarlett johansson all alone at the end of the film.a final note: at my screening, not a single audience member laughed at any point during the film. always a bad sign when a film is advertised as a comedy.

this show is just annoying!!! i feel sorry for the actors for having to attempt to be funny (especially bob saget), the laugh track tries to cover up the sad jokes and the "awwww" track comes up at the most unnecessary times. the over-dramatic kids are no exception, especially the olsen twins. also, this show is cliché city. if you were to look up the word cliché, it would read "full house" every story line has a "life lesson" to be learned at the end. a sappy speech makes everything better and even has the ability to make the most bratty child have a sudden realization of goodness gasp too bad this couldn't be possible in real life. i don't know how someone could watch this show without bad mouthing the behavior of the characters or the laugh track. i find myself yelling at the tv saying, "that isn't funny/sad/cute" if life were really like this, the world would fall apart.

when i was younger, i liked this show, but now...blecch!!! this show is sappy, badly written, and rarely funny. the three leads were all good actors and funny men (saget's stand up was a lot better than the stuff this show came up with, as was coulier a better stand up, and stamos was a better than average actor). after a while, stamos wanted off the show because it wanted to do more serious stuff (who could blame him?). the show eventually got cancelled when many of the actors demanded more money.here are a few things that drive me crazy about the show:1. the catch phrases- how many times can one person put up with tiring catch phrases like with 'how rude', 'you got it dude', 'nerdbomber', 'cut it out' and 'have mercy' in a 24 hour time period? 2. kimmy gibler- the most annoying character ever written for television.3. the writing- stale and cliched as an oreo cookie. there is good cliched writing and bad cliched writing. full house had bad cliched writing.4. three men living together in san francisco- enough said.5. unrealistic stuff- too much to recall.6. trendy kids- the girls had all the latest mall fashions and you can see posters of trendy recording artists they would be into.now this show is on nick @ nite. i would hardly call it a classic. i have nothing bad to say about the people involved since i think many of them are talented in their own right. but this show was just so sugary sweet, i couldn't stand it after a while.

i hated this crap, every friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week. if you want to see something funny go watch "no on would tell" starring candice cameron and fred savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible tv show. this show really makes me sick, i hate those kids, and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest. i've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. i ahet writing 10 lines! watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment.

full house is one of the worst tv series ever! why?because all the characters are so irritating that it's impossible to bear.the best character is joey an even he is pretty irritating occasionally.an that girl dj,who wrote her character?i want to kill my self every time she speaks.not to mention when danny start's with his philosophy.example: dj won around ten thousand dollars or more in the casino.however,she's not eighteen so she shouldn't gamble according to law.however the casino was ready to pay her the money but then danny,her father cought's her and don't let's her raise that money because she is not eighteen.oh come on,give me a break,will ya?since i've seen that stupid and childish scene i instantly turned off the television.some of the thing's they say in this series not even a child would bought.who in the world could think that full house is entertaining and funny?every single word they say in this series seem's like shakespeare wrote it.except that shakespere knew how to write and except that he wouldn't be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they wrote in the script for the full house! for everyone who has a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real world,i deeply recommend 'do not watch the full house'!not even one episode as a try out.avoid this series.save your self from stupidity and nonsense.this is the worst television show ever!i'd rather watch teletubbies then this.'do not watch this'.

when i first watched the show, the first few episodes seemed promising. bill compton introduced himself as the stereotypical "mysterious" vampire and sookie presented herself as an independent woman. however, the show went downhill from here and the once interesting characters are as entertaining as a cardboard box.as the story progresses the main characters lose their original personalities, along with their acting abilities. by episode 5, bill's furrowed eyebrows are so low that his face just consists of a forehead. sookie, or rather the actress, is even more dead than her vampire lover. all these tragic events are surrounding her and she only reacts to how enjoyable it was losing her virginity. personally, i think they made the main characters sleep with each other too early in the show. the way they teased each other was something that had me hooked and could easily be toyed with a bit more. as soon as sookie loses it she struts around like a total ditz, only thinking of bill's libido and the size of his appendage. bill also loses his debonair attitude and well, he just gets plain silly. his actions are never really explained except he does it for sookie. why? their love for each other is never delved into, if there is any love. so far it just seems to be sex that is the core of their relationship.yeah, yeah, vampires usually equal sex but come on. every five seconds i see some sort of humping going on. it wasn't that much of a surprise, since hbo always tries to pass of a soft core porno as a decent tv show. bill popping out of the dirt and just getting it on with sookie with no reason what's so ever? i laughed so hard i almost peed myself.the plot is just a stream of consciousness. the characters never go into detail about anything. all the events that happen are usually left unexplained. the only thing that is constant is the sex.the only thing i can say that i do like are the minor characters. tara and her drunk mother are far more interesting than the major characters. the only reason why i continue to watch the show is for the development of the minor characters. minus the sex and the main characters the show would be much more worthwhile.

for every series that makes it to television, a 100 ideas are formed, 50 scripts are written, 15 pilots are made, and one, just one, actually makes it to production. from such a selection process, we are lead to believe that the final product must be the cream of the crop, for what other reason could so many ideas be rejected to give us a single television series.and so it goes with true blood; all the stars were in alignment and what started as a series of novels was transformed into an idea, a screen play, a pilot, and finally a series. unfortunately, it can sometimes be a long journey and along the way there are many turns that ultimately change what was good and pure into and show that production people feel would be best for ratings. oh how wrong they so often are...true blood is an example of a creative concept that has developed into one of the poorest story lines, worst acting, and silliest subplots as anything in recent television history. its international cast of relatively unknown actors struggle to find their voices but keep tripping over their fake southern accents. alan ball's not so secret desires for ryan (jason stackhouse) gives us a fresh nude shot each week although it often has nothing to do with the storyline. tara's angry black woman characterization fails to connect and you find yourself secretly hoping the vamps take her out quickly before she goes into another speech about white suppression while attend a ceremony for the glorious dead of the confedercy. sam finds suppressed love for sookie and suddenly we are to believe he needs to watch over her morning, noon, and night despite years of working with her and avoiding any such relationship.as for bill the vampire, his moral high ground is quickly surrendered at the first chance to make love with sookie and has no issue with make a quick snack of her (although she remains somewhat unharmed). we find the other vampires not so mainstream as bill but greatly desiring to become accepted by a public as they look at the living as happy meals with legs.despite my best efforts of suffering through the first six episodes, i have come to the realization that no matter how long you watch a bad show, its still bad. somethings die for a reason, even vampires. maybe this show should to.

if.... is the cinematic equivalent of sgt. pepper's: revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and viewed as rather a silly bit of business by preceding and subsequent generations. now that the children of the middle classes the world over are seemingly super human due to the internet, and view the prospect of boarding school as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the harry potter books/films, the relevance of if.... couldn't be further from modern concern. in fact, many scenes appear so alien and exaggerated as to hint at an inspiration for pink floyd's the wall.one should never hold personal bias against a film while reviewing, and the cemented date of this film aside, there are a few flaws which others have overlooked. lindsay anderson was known to be a fan of luis buñuel, on top of generally being too smart for his own good. and despite a straightforward narrative through the first and second acts, the latter portion of the piece it taken hostage by cod buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism. anderson wasn't capable of this feat due to his over-intelligent cynicism, failing to see that buñuel was jovial in his work. i have not found a critic whom champions the 'chaplain in a drawer', and am almost certain it still gets sideways looks from those who adore this film. the ending is not so much a concise punch to the established class/values system, as a wet slap on a moving target.the british public school system was firmly for the middle classes (the upper crust being educated at home by private tutors). and the modus operandi of if.... was to check the boxes of public school life which lindsay believed had been unexplored in film, thereby savaging middle class pretense. homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold showers et al. in reality, such issues had been covered in many other great british films, if.... merely brought them to the fore. the browning version was a more oblique damning of such pomp, to name but one.if.... is oddly quaint, and simply can not be viewed with modern (especially american) eyes. kudos to anderson for avoiding mick and kieth in favour of african chant, and a few brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones. points deducted for pretension, establishing characters who disappear, and inciting a glib revolution which came to naught.

ah, the spirit of '68. the streets of paris were running wild with rebellion, the hippies were high on the spirit of love. how was britain marking this age of radicalism and revolution? erm, by the looks of it, dear old blighty was focusing on making films about boys in boarding schools. if... contains the evil establishment. it contains the uprising of the oppressed. what it lacks in contrast to the parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is any sense of excitement, except in its all-out ammo-and-artillery fire ending.lindsay anderson's if... stars the ever-marvellous malcolm mcdowell as one of three private school pupils who decorate their dorm with photos of lenin and other left-wing radicals. it's clearly an anti-establishment movie in its depiction of the evil upper-class oiks who rule the roost and the antiquated autocratic practices of the pish-posh public school standard. what makes if... unusual though is that for all its radical sympathies, it doesn't explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, instead it just kind of floats: lacking in plot and lacking in personality.surrealist bits fade in and out occasionally and the film slips from black-and-white to colour again (is it due to the low budget or is it an arty expression?), but there is little of interest to speak of. all we get is the poignant denouement where the young rebels reach for their rifles and shoot down the shady overlords of the establishment. hooray! a revolution! at last something that demands a second thought unlike the rest of this dull exercise in boarding school daydreaming.if... could have been a powerful political statement, but as it is it drifts and only gathers any sense of direct interest at the end. instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist of the late-sixties, it only succeeds in being a dazed document of upper-class british education. anarchy? apathy more like, the only man many viewers will want to stick it to after watching if... will be lindsay anderson.

i've read reviews that apparently you have to have been a student in a very strict, british school in the 1960's to understand this. maybe that's true, if so, then this movie is outdated.*************spoiler alert**************************************** the ending makes about as much sense as all the kids who're anti-government and anti-corporation without having any better solution that doesn't torch society to a mad max type cinder.yeah, the main characters could leave, but they don't. the reasons they go about this don't make sense. there isn't enough character development to explain why. what shooting up a bunch of innocent people is supposed to mean is never explained or even hinted at. it is mentioned that war is the final creative expression, quite possibly the only revelation that any characters of this movie have, and it makes no sense.the characters who go on a murder spree aren't fighting the institution, they're just killing people. i thought they might've used all the explosives to blow up the place or at least the sanctuary at the end, that would've made greater symbolic sense, but they didn't.tl;dr - this movie is an adolescent's daydream of fighting against authority that plagues them, though in reality they need. it has no moral, symbolic truth, or meaning to it; this movie simply plays out the fantasy of killing teachers and people in "power" that annoy you.if you think a murder rampage/ school shooting similar to columbine or virginia tech is a rational and sensible way to deal with teachers and institutions you don't like, then i guess you'll love this movie. if you're like me and you're working towards making a life for yourself instead of just blindly (very blindly in this movie) rebelling against "the man", this movie is juvenile and boring.you can also tell in parts that funding was lacking, and the story seemed to have a touch of attention deficit disorder.all in all, this seems like a very rough draft of what could've been an okay movie, but no effort is put into the dialogue, character development, or moral so it's just... poorly done.if... only i could get my two hours back.

the british public school system did not evolve solely with the idea of educating the upper classes despite that popular and widespread misconception.it was designed to produce administrators and governors,civil servants and military men to run the british colonies.these people were almost entirely recruited from the middle classes.when the public schools had begun to show their worth the scions of the aristocracy were sent to them rather than be educated at home by tutors and governesses as had previously been the case.they tended to favour the schools nearer "town" so eton and harrow became particularly popular with that class of parent. the vast majority of public schools took their pupils from lower down the social scale.tom brown,perhaps the most famous public school pupil ever,was the son of a country parson,not a belted earl. thus in late 1960s england,a country in the throes of post-colonial guilt and shedding the last of its commitments to its former dependants as quickly as harold wilson could slip off his "gannex" mac,lindsay anderson's "if" was greeted with cathartic joy by the chattering classes and mild bemusement by everyone else. it must be remembered that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the "october revolution" a non-event that left a few policemen in london with bruised heads and the u.s. embassy with one or two broken windows,but achieved absolutely nothing. so when mr anderson's film reached the cinemas the disgruntled former revolutionaries revelled vicariously in what they saw as mr malcolm mcdowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "them" despite the fact that he was ruthlessly gunned down at the end,a fate that would have undoubtedly overtaken them had they succeeded in their attempts to get into the u.s.embassy. the film told us nothing new about public schools,homosexuality,bullying cold showers,patrician sarcastic teachers,silly traditions.an all-too familiar list .it was declared to be an allegory comparing britain to the corrupt,crumbling society represented by the school.well,nearly forty years on the same schools are still flourishing,the british social system has not changed,the "october revolution" has been long forgotten except by those involved on one side or the other and mr anderson has completed his "state of the country" trilogy to no effect whatsoever. if by any chance you should wish to read a book about schoolboys who did buck the system rather more successfully than mr mcdowell and his friends and furthermore lived to tell the tale,find a copy of "stalky & co."written by the man whose much-maligned poem "if" lent it's name to mr anderson's film,a man born in colonial india,a man whose work is quietly being airbrushed out of our literary history.and do it before the chattering classes succeed in declaring him a non-person.perhaps somebody should start a revolution about that.

this is an extremely boring film. if you grew up during the vietnam was, as i did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. but what really makes this film boring is the narration by director carlton sherwood. the majority of the film is shot with sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.if you're old enough to remember vietnam, then you won't find anything new here. there is no new evidence to condemn john kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on vietnam. younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see george butler's excellent film going upriver! stolen honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on john kerry, but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal.

from the start, you know how this movie will end. it's so full of clichés your typical nra member will not even like this movie. i give it 2 out of 10, only because of the acting of william benton. i can't believe people voted 6+ for this movie. it's so biased towards a 'certain point of view' (once a thief...). people aren't born bad. neither are they born good. they are born with a clean slate. it's society, parents and education what makes them who they are. and if they take the wrong turn, somewhere down the line, it certainly isn't going to be the american penal system that gets them back on track! anyway, avoid this movie like the plague. i bet you have better things to do with your time than waste it on this piece of crap.

rarely has such an amazing cast been wasted so badly. griffin dunne, rosanna arquette, illeana douglas, ethan hawke, dennis hopper, christopher walken, and john turturro, all jumped on board, only to be torpedoed by a script that seems like nothing more than a hollywood in joke. attaching martin scorsese's name to this was probably the draw, but the end result is way less than the sum of it's parts. resembling a nightmare gone horribly wrong, each scene seems more contrived than the next. "search and destroy" is nothing more than abstract, stylish, self indulgent nonsense, and the entire film is decidedly dull.......... merk

the cat o'nine tails (il gatto a nove code) aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (cromoscope)sound format: mono(35mm and 70mm release prints)a blind ex-journalist (karl malden) overhears a blackmail plot outside a genetics research laboratory and later teams up with a fellow reporter (james franciscus) to investigate a series of murders at the lab, unwittingly placing their own loved ones at the mercy of a psychopathic killer.rushed into production following the unexpected worldwide success of his directorial debut the bird with the crystal plumage (1969), dario argento conceived the cat o'nine tails as a giallo-thriller in much the same vein as its forerunner, toplining celebrated hollywood actor karl malden - fresh from his appearance in patton (1969) - and rising star franciscus (the valley of gwangi). sadly, the resulting film - which the ads claimed was 'nine times more suspenseful' than "bird" - is a disappointing follow-up, impeccably photographed and stylishly executed, but too plodding and aimless for general consumption.malden and franciscus are eminently watchable in sympathetic roles, and cinematographer enrico menczer (the dead are alive) uses the wide cromoscope frame to convey the hi-tech world in which argento's dark-hearted scenario unfolds, but the subplot involving euro starlet catherine spaak (the libertine) as franciscus' romantic interest amounts to little more than unnecessary padding. highlights include an unforgettable encounter with the black-gloved assassin in a crowded railway station (edited with sleek assurance by cult movie stalwart franco fraticelli), and a nocturnal episode in which malden and franciscus seek an important clue inside a mouldering tomb and fall prey to the killer's devious machinations. but despite these flashes of brilliance, the film rambles aimlessly from one scene to the next, simmering gently without ever really coming to the boil. it's no surprise that "cat" failed to emulate the runaway success of "bird" when released in 1971.(english version)

while not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works, this slow-moving, repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.to be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills, but whole sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's just the same exploitative trash as ever, wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.3 out of 10 genetic disorders

few films have left me with such a feeling of unease, and this is not a compliment. since i saw it in a theater (how it ended there i can only wonder) i was subjected to 90 mn of hateful, derivative garbage, the main impression being a bit like this other sick-o movie "don't answer the phone" - but worse. the nastiness of it all, rape and all, is shown without any distance (unlike strong stuff like "last house on the left") and utter contempt for the (perfect ?) victims and everybody involved, leaving the viewer to be treated as a sadistic voyeur. at the end i felt like taking a shower. no credits to the director

there is one really good scene in faat kine. the title character gets in an argument with another woman and after being threatened, faat kine sprays her in the face. the scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre, and rather funny at the same time. in that one instance, writer/director ousmane sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to root for, an interesting film character that could be worth watching for two hours. in the scene, he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. for the rest of the movie, the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones. the tone is all over the place. it's true not all movies have to clearly fit within a specific genre, but i don't think faat kine fits into any genre. supposedly, it's a drama, though there are moments of such broad comedy (the aforementioned spraying in the face) that it cannot be taken seriously. on the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious topics sembene has crammed into the picture. there is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. unfortunately, semebene doesn't find that balance. instead, one scene after another just drift into each other without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones hanging in the wind. faat kine also has the problem of running two hours long with an extremely drawn out finale. the film ends with a big party where all the characters' conflicts are resolved, only they aren't resolved quickly. the scene lasts longer than any other scene, going on for probably twenty minutes. because the rest of the scenes up until this point have been meandering, the finale is particularly hard to endure with repetition beginning early on in the scene, making for a frustrating viewing experience.perhaps i am being too hard on faat kine. i am not the right audience for it. i felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story. there are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. however, i was unable to do so and thus cannot recommend it.

this movie is extremely boring, it tells a story of a female gas station owner and her life. nothing exciting ever happens. the director has really "kept it real" and it feels just like a camera following a woman around as she lives her life. i had to watch other films by this director for a class, the others were not as boring. this film was also watched for an assignment...it better be worth the boringness with a good grade!! overall, unless it's required, don't watch the film. but don't discount other films by this director, because they're not as bad...and don't discount other films about africa, they're usually good, especially when done by a western director.

...through the similarly minded antics of eric stanze. a not-particularly talented director has helmed a not-particularly good movie, yet i still found myself sitting through it to the closing credits, if for nothing more than to see what happens next.a rapist escapes from prison and calls up his old flame. after capturing her (even though she came willingly) and threatening her into having sex (another event she was also willing to do) he reveals that he has kidnapped three guys who wronged her in the past. he then decides to kill her (huh?) but is foiled and dies instead. the girl's mind snaps (or something like that) and she takes out her rage on the unlucky chaps in the basement.alright, the writing sucks: it's long winded, loaded with ten-cent words and there is way too much of it.the acting sucks: what a minute, what acting? the filming sucks: home video is bad enough, but 20 minutes of graveyard footage is just a damn insult.and the budget is a joke: get it...'budget', that was the punchline.and yet there was a charm to the thing. back in the 70's these kind of movies came out in theatres with actual budgets and talent attached to them, not in this day and age though. if you want to watch this kind of violent, sexually exploitive trash (don't lie, some of us do) then this is all your gonna get nowadays.some brief hardcore shots in a sex scene, torture with fecal material, fun with axes, anal rape by broom stick and a lengthy shot of the crazy chick masturbating with the same broom stick are some of the better items on the menu.it's not good and it won't be remembered, but not since the heyday of joe d'amato have people made movies like this.4/10

in director eric stanze's 'isoyc, ipoyg', three men are subjected to torture at the the hands of a woman that they have all sexually abused. the first victim is forced to eat his own crap, before being axed to death. the next bloke ends up with a bullet in the crotch after refusing to have anal sex with the first guy's corpse. but it's the third man who gets it the worst: he has to watch the heavily tattooed 'star' emily haack get naked and masturbate with a broom handle (oh, he also gets the handle shoved up his butt too!).and, unfortunately, so do we (get to see her masturbate, that isnot get a broom handle up our butts!).yes, 'isoyc, ipoyg' is one harsh viewing experience, not because of its relentless violence, but because haack, who is obviously under the misguided notion that she has the body of a goddess (as opposed to that of a roadie for metallica) constantly gets buck naked for the camera. it ain't a pretty sight.in addition to the non-stop nudity from an inked-up haack, viewers also get to see dreadful direction from stanze (who thinks that endless shots of tombstones and trees is entertaining stuff), some really bad acting, and a fat guy's penis.strangely enough, i give 'isoyc, ipoyg' a rating of 3/10, which is actually slightly higher than its current 2.9 average. that's one point for the messy axe attack (which, being a gore-hound, i actually enjoyed); one point for the bit where the fat guy gets his face pushed in chocolate mousse masquerading as feces (hilarious); and one point for the sheer nerve to suggest that this film might somehow be a sequel to meir zarchi's superior exploitation classic i spit on your grave.

am i wrong,or is the 2007 version just a rip-off of the original? i have to ask because the dvd i just bought is one of the worst films i have ever seen.....bad acting,bad editing etc....the only "exploitation " aspect here is how we were ripped off for our money buying this piece of crap. it is nothing more than a light-weight porn flick...no real gore, no scary images, just a cheaply done bit of garbage. if anyone wants to see an excellent film with no name actors,some slimy gore and a decent storyline...get baby blood...also done on a cheap budget but well made...and an actual story too!i spit was a waste of money but i'll keep it just for a laugh....it is pathetic! new comment....sept 3.....i'll keep this film forever just because it it sooooo bad it's almost good....in a really bad way....the worst acting ever...a real crap-movie classic!

with a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did not appeal to me. granted, there's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse "shock" tactics... the inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. he and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. he ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. the heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a "grabby" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. he explains to her that he is going to kill them all. she winds up killing him and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild. the best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... surely, "i spit on your corpse, i p!ss on your grave" was intended as an unofficial sequel to "i spit on your grave" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was camille keaton. i personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion! this movie is a boring, amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably...

good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), this "movie" is bad !much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and below) to which i fully agree, i just like to add a few things: among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products, got chopped up by an axe, raped by a broomstick, had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while having to listen to the girl's endless and pointless babble at the kitchen table (as do we, but at least we have the mercy of the mute button).had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes, our suffering would have been over after 30 minutes.the only things that made this flick at least somewhat bearable are emily haack's tits (one point).forget it. don't buy it. don't waste your time. and your sanity. my brain is so fried after watching this i feel the urgent need to watch (and suffer?) "scrapbook" right now.

picture the fugly annoying goth kids from college in a scat film, throw in a pinch of story and a whole lot of awful acting, and you are still not even close to how bad this movie is.shot badly, bad effects, worse acting. contrived attempt at shocking horror. everyone i've showed this to gets kinda depressed watching it. the sex scenes are disturbing, not necessarily for their content, but more because they're just something you want to end as soon as possible. the last sex scene is just foul, even before she gets to the guy.i'm one of those people that loves to watch movies that people hate, which is why i picked this one up. but for your own sake, save yourself the time and avoid this abhorrence. it's that bad. i literally threw it in the garbage.

a young man kills a young woman for no reason. the man's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice, but soon escapes. upon escaping, the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he ropes his girlfriend in on the plot. if this isn't bad enough, the situation quickly makes a downward spiral.this film had some good aspects and many bad ones. its strongest aspect was lead actress emily haack. setting aside the fact she's nude in a fair amount of this film, she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character. i see no reason she cannot take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way. i was convinced she was a ruthless individual.also, the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches. graphic nudity (both male and female), coprophagia, and extreme anal violence are not shied away from. i like my horror films to push the boundaries a little bit, and this one ignored them altogether, gladly skipping towards gomorrah. maybe it was too much, but i think they achieved what they were looking for.but now the negative aspects. first, and most noticeable, this film is very low budget and the film quality shows this. i can excuse that -- the plot was decent, the acting fine and in some scenes the lower quality film actually made the movie more disturbing (a more realistic feel). so, i won't scold them for having low-grade equipment. what i will scold them for is the use of poor choices in shots. for no reason i can ascertain (besides plumping the movie), there is a large amount of footage of a cemetery. i don't really know why, and i frankly started dozing off at this point because it was so long and pointless.i also take issue with the title. the idea here was to deceive people into thinking this film had some connection to the classic "i spit on your grave". now, there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film. and the themes are very loosely the same (a woman getting revenge on men). but there is no firm connection and the reason this title was chosen was for the video store customer to think they were getting a sequel. this was deceptive and dishonest.my last major complaint is that this plot makes no real sense. not even a little bit. a woman is killed in the beginning for no reason. a prison escapee finds time to kidnap people to torture them, for no reason (because they wronged his girlfriend?). the same man goes from good to very evil without explanation. likewise, the female lead (haack) turns fro ma normal person to someone who is overly cruel and sadistic, for no reason at all, and against people who for the most part were only marginally mean to her (a neighbor offering drugs for sex is wrong, but by no means worth getting tortured for).don't let this title fool you, or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking. yes, some scenes were shocking, but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap. if you see this in the video store or on netflix, just keep browsing. or rent it, and we can sit around and vent about it for hours. you have been warned.

i watch bad movies.this movie is not good enough to be a bad movie. not an ounce of humor, not an ounce of talent throughout.i am lazy.usually, i see a bad movie and curse. this was so bad, i actually made a review to try and save others from the completely boring mess i fell victim to.i am smashing my copy of this movie.it's too lame even to use clear a room. so boring. watch 'bloodsucking freaks' or 'shock, shock, shock' for absolute crap that has some merit as entertainment. this sludge looks awful, is awful, and whoever made it should feel awful.

no spoilers.i love horror movies, but this has got to be the poorest attempt to make one ever. calling it "a movie" is also a stretch. this "random-clips-of-obviously-fake-and-tacky-violence-and-an-ugly- woman-trying-to-act-sexy-edited-poorly-together" is not worth watching.watching this is about as interesting watching as some random family's holiday pictures, and it has about the same quality you would expect when you send your ten year old son into the woods with your new vid-cam, and tell him to make a movie.terrible.

i expect the same excitement as i spit on your grave but i was let down by just junk how can you even call this a movie ( its kinda of a mini porno) . it made my sick when the guy was made to eat his own business. there is no story line to it at all it jumps to quickly from each murder. if you like seeing a women naked or even mens parts then there's spots in the movie for and there's even a masturbation spot in the movie which makes it a porno and not a movie at all. i have seen some dumb movies in my time but this is number 1 . i want be watching it again at all. the actors even look bored during the movie to me so they probably were in need of money badly to make this movie.

i'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad, i felt embarrassed for not only the "actors", but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock.from the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and at least some direction or dialog. instead, you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual three stooges episode. at least i laugh at the three stooges. while watching this crap, i turned another tv on and started watching howard stern until something interesting happened.needless to say, i kept watching stern.watching this "film" i realize that i could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 dv cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken pc. this film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making. watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action. this makes "kazaam" look like a meryl streep film.i'm sure germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. other countries need to take heed.

this subject matter deserves a much better script, and final result, than this movie serves up. the script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together. the gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous. the scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is just bizarre. it is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a "missing poster" from when she was eight. in the real world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. it's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for oprah. everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that i can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation. funny, that's what this movie is supposed to be condemning. in the end it seems to have joined in.

what do you get when you have bad acting, bad directing, scenes that are excruciatingly long, terrible lighting, painful editing, and awful effects? you get jessica: a ghost story seems its shot on betacam, which is fine, but the lighting has to compliment this medium. in this case it does not. there are a few cu's where the person's face is entirely in shadow. one scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists. it's a joke if you ask me. some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half... but i guess then they wouldn't have a film at feature length. the main character is incredibly flat. he's the lead male, so he should have some "hero" elements to his character, but he does not. he whines and is scared the entire film. i could go on, but i don't want to waste my time. although the lighting was terrible, i must say that they did have nice camera movement. too bad the lighting didn't compliment it. the cover of the dvd is nice, and that's where it ends. just terrible.

jessica: a ghost story is as the name implies a ghost story. the theme is meant to be horror but comes across closer to comedy!a woman comes who was brutally murdered comes back from the dead. this constitutes what this movie attempts to pass off as a plot. there is really nothing more to it. the movie comprises of a series of loosely connected scenes involving a guy who had an affair with this woman prior to her death.immediately from the opening scenes, this movie has the appearance of a "straight-to-dvd" effort. unlike gems such as vacancy 2, the movie has no sense of direction or creativity and certainly gives "straight-to-dvd" movies a bad name! the direction is as poor as can be with a complete lack of suspense, scares or tension. even the drama elements are hopelessly handled and represent something more boring than even the worst soap opera you may have had the misfortune of enduring.the acting across the board is absolutely abysmal with no one actor involved managing to show even the slightest potential of a successful acting career.many of the individual scenes are incredibly long, with very long pauses between dialogue exchanges. i'm not exaggerating!the only reason i give this movie a rating of 2 rather than 1 is because some of the poor acting combined with even worse dialogue made for a few unintentional laughs. i stress the word "few" in that sentence. this is not overall one of the "so-bad-it's-good" movies like camp blood or the nail gun massacre. if you want to laugh hysterically, watch those movies. if you want to see a proper horror movie about ghosts watch the legend of hell house, the changeling, ringu, the eye (original korean version), the grudge, one missed call or phone.i advise anyone who has had the good fortune of avoiding seeing jessica: a ghost story to keep up the good work! just forget this movie exists. don't spare a thought for it!

i bought a dvd of this film for my girlfriend who shares the same name as the ghost girl in this film, and enjoys movies about the paranormal. the movie was shot entirely on video, so it has the look of a pbs special about it. the special effects are phoney looking, but there are actually some scary moments in the movie that got us to jump in our seat. there is a particularly effective scare involving a virgin mary statue.however, the acting is bad, the "plot" scenes are long and very boring, and i will tell you i have no clue what happened at the end. if you get the movie, rent it, if you buy it, please make sure you pay less than $5.

this seems like one of those movies that we think we should like, but i didn't. it seemed to be trying way too hard to be 'artsy'. all flash, with no content. it has some beautiful scenes, and any one of them are nice to watch, but tack them all together and it becomes an arduous task just to sit through it. i rented this because of the glowing reviews on the video carton, and the fact that i'm a big shakespeare fan, but i was very disappointed. i just found it a bit pretentious and, at times, boring.

this is not the worst film i have seen of peter greenaway but it is close. that dishonor goes to the even worse pillow book. this director's films of 3 i have seen i find them all to be miserable. like the cook...,whatever positive cinematic flourishes he displays, are totally unredeemed by the repugnancy of his material and overall presentation.

this film was just painful to watch... not in the good dramatic way that makes you cringe with emotions for well developed characters in dramatic situations (yeah, i pretty much made that last sentence up as i went along), but in just an absolute dull way for over two hours. now, you all may think i'm just some ignorant reviewer who has no respect for shakespeare or "artistic film-making"... well, you'd be wrong on both counts. i love the works of shakespeare, especially the tragedies of romeo and juliet, julius caesar, macbeth, and hamlet, and i've watched plenty of "arthouse" films such as the surreal and well-made eraserhead and fellini's 8 1/2... but this was just over two hours of lost-in-translation shakespeare, way too much nudity (i can understand artistic nudity in some scenes... but not in every other shot of a movie!!! it was pointless and served nothing for the story!!!), and basically just overzealous film-making. i had high expectations for this film in that it was said to be "very artistic" and was an adaptation of shakespeare's the tempest... but this was just an extreme letdown. i gave this film a three only because of sir john gielgud's acting presence (which far surpassed all of the no-names in this film) and the cinematography/set design combination as it made a lot of scenes look like paintings in motion... however, a lot of this film would've been better off as just a painting with a scroll of text below it. a true disappointment... maybe if zeffirelli had been given the director's chair, this would've been much better. but this is one audience member's opinion, many others may enjoy this far more than me. that being said, if you can't find this at any nearby video stores (it's currently not on dvd), don't try to go too far out of your way to find it... it's not really worth it.

the above seemed a much more appropriate title when me and my suicidal underlings decided to watch this masterpiece of modern bullshit erotic,scary, suspenseful, well thought out, these are all the things this film fails to be.it is however incredibly funny, the slow sound effects and bad dubbing add to this to make one of the greatest comedies i have seen in recent years. and yet this film doesn't even try to be funny and that is one of the movies grand achievements, it becomes a comedy without even attempting to amuse.throughout the film an old guy who looks amazingly like santa claus goes around ploughing over zombies and smashing vampires into the ground. this made me fail to believe the films title, if this was vampires vs zombies why were the vampires and zombies not fighting? oh well whatever, besides there were more flaws to this rental than the title. such as this one; there has been a virus sweeping through america creating zombie like beings who go around acting a lot like your average tourist. and yet there's only four zombies in the entire film. another problem is besides one shop everywhere is deserted. surely you'd see zombies roaming about in the woods or in the background a bit. in fact i believe they just drove around in a circle of forest over and over again since they didn't have a high enough budget to film in a wider location, that or the director didn't want to waste his precious time filming in different areas of wood he was to busy sitting in a trailer jerking off to be bothered with such trivial matters.in fact the director had so much fun doing this that he didn't have enough time to hire a big enough cast or even an editor. and so he told the eight members of the cast to dress up as different people and try not to act inconspicuous, whilst i assume he changed his name and began randomly snipping at the film reels "editing isn't a hard job anyway right?" the only reason this "movie" found it's way into our bag was because somehow we got it confused with freddy vs jason, strange how these things happen isn't it. and the only way we made it though the night was by strapping gas masks on and bolting them to our skulls to avoid the stink of this nauseating mess.oh yes we did laugh at the end, but i'm sure one does that a lot when he has lost his sanity...................

this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen!!!! i can honestly say i have never seen a movie worse than this one!!!and i mean never!!!!i'm a big fan of "b" horror movies. as you may imagine.... i've been exposed to some of worst that the movie industry has to offer.i was lured to this movie by it's title. i mean c'mon... what true fan of horror wouldn't be intrigued by a title like "vampires vs. zombies"??? images of the "undead" battling each other to the "undeath" danced in my head. i thought to myself... "this i've got to see"!!!!well.... sorry to say.... "this i wish i hadn't seen"!!!!!this movies title is very misleading to say the least. there was no vampires fighting zombies. in fact, there is no plot!!!! if you were to ask me what this movie is all about i could honestly tell you i have no idea!!!there was no plot!!!! there was no story!!!! this movie absolutely makes no sense at all!!!!at the end of this debacle... i found myself feeling sorry for the poor souls who had invested their money into this project for they surely have no business sense!!!

in this strangely-lackadaisical apocalypse, the world suffers from a dual plague of zombies and vampires, but no one seems to be too worried about it in this grade-z film which bares less resemblance to sheridan le fanu's famous short novel than my mother's lasagna recipe. bored attendants still run gas stations and doctors still make house calls and helpful police officers still show up with radiator fluid just when you need it. the plot, and i use that term loosely, involves a father and a daughter trying to rendevous with "the general," whose daughter is missing, at a church to kill a vampire who, very conveniently, happens to be traveling with the father and daughter. i must confess that a moment or two of genuine humor can be found between vast stretches of unintentional humor. the film also boasts just enough nudity to keep a boy of fourteen interested. anyone older beware.

this was quite possibly the worst movie i have ever seen. i watched it with a large group of friends and after it was over not a one of us understood the plot. aside from the lack of plot, the acting was atrocious, the "special effects" were not so special, and the writing was absolutely horrible. the movie's only redeeming factor is that it's so incredibly bad that it's quite funny. you can't help but laugh at a zombie being run over while actors are spewing crappy dialogue. i wouldn't recommend this film to anyone looking for a good movie, but it's something that a group of friends can get together and have a good laugh about. it's now a running joke among my friends and i. 1 out of 10.

a stuttering plot, uninteresting characters and sub-par (to say the least) dialogue plagues this tv production that could hardly have been interesting even with a billion dollar production budget.the characters aren't believable, in their motives, actions or their professed occupations. the plot reads like a bad dungeons and dragons(tm) hack but with plasma rifles and force fields. there are severe continuity issues and the degree of pointless interaction between the characters has this author, at least, wincing. avoid it like the plague. watch any episode of dark angel and you will have better acting, dialogue and plot. yuck.

if you really enjoyed the 2002 resident evil movie, then you should just see it instead of waisting 2 hours you'll never get back. i can not believe that no one has commented that this movie is just a cheap knock off of re. first, a "special" commando force is the unique defense for a facility with a computer matrix that has an ai and holographic projection. and this "hive" rip-off has a series of traps that inevitably kill off one member of the squad at a time. there's even a chess reference in the code names, which was in the dialog of re. despite the fact that there are no zombies, the "rook", the movie's nemesis, is some sort of bio-creature, very pail in color suggesting necrotic tissue, with a lot of cyborg components just like a super mutant of re. so, a wag-of-the-finger to mr. richard taylor for claiming any credit for this story.they are not the same movie obviously, but the writer got the idea watching resident evil i think.

i see where a few people involved in this debacle wrote reviews to share their side of the story, and i thought what they wrote was helpful in understanding it. the fact that they basically came up with excuses -- rewrites, budget constraints, production formats etc -- simply underlines how bad this movie is. and my criticisms in panning it are not personally directed but simply a warning that this one doesn't make the cut.it's watchable, but barely so. there are plot holes in every corner, the dialogue borders on the ridiculous, and the ending is telegraphed a mile away. the modestly interesting feature of a hologram interacting with a recon team get drowned in silly dialogue like who makes a meal in the midst of what is supposed to be a tense and deadly encounter with an unknown enemy. would ya wrassle us up some hamburger helper sally, between us getting killed by these automated carpet sweepers? apparently this elite team equipped with the latest gizmos and red plastic tubed wonder armor has no access to mres. once they get into the last rooms they treat the place more like a four star motel than a deadly encounter zone.the rationale for the encounter with the fearsome rook is that it can't be killed single handedly. yet only one scene ago, the hero making that case abandoned king to do exactly that. huh? vivian woo was attractive and hands down the best acted character in the movie. but that's not saying much.

what is left of planet earth is populated by a few poor and starving rag-tag survivors. they must eat bugs and insects, or whatever, after a poison war, or something, has nearly wiped out all human civilization. in these dark times, one of the few people on earth still able to live in comfort, we will call him the all knowing big boss, has a great quest to prevent some secret spore seeds from being released into the air. it seems that the all knowing big boss is the last person on earth that knows that these spores even exist. the spores are located far away from any living soul, and they are highly protected by many layers of deadly defense systems. the all knowing big boss wants the secret spores to remain in their secret protected containers. so, he makes a plan to send in a macho action team to remove the spore containers from all of the protective systems and secret location. sending people to the location of secret spores makes them no longer a secret. sending people to disable all of the protective systems makes it possible for the spores to be easily released into the air. how about letting sleeping dogs lie?! the one pleasant feature of encrypt is the radiant and elegant vivian wu. as the unremarkable macho action team members drop off with mechanically paced predictable timing, engaging vivian wu's charm makes acceptable the plot idea of her old employer wanting her so much. she is an object of love, an object of desire -- a very believable concept!fans of vivian wu may want to check out an outstanding b-movie she is in from a couple years back called dinner rush. dinner rush is highly recommended. encrypt is not.

it seems as if in science fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. it's where the first novel (dune, ender's game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. the sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. the matrix is finally the film equivalent. the matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most painful monologues and non-action sequences in scifi. while the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters falls terrible flat in the sequel. watch for eye candy, not for deep thought.4 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.

what the hell was all that about? i saw the matrix and was amazed. it was the most spectacular movie ever made. what ever possesed the wachowski brothers to do this film is beyond me.there is no plot, you can't argue with that. basically all this film was was a load of talking, and don't get me wrong, i have no problem with talky films, but all the talking in the matrix reloaded was a pointless load of drivvle. then there would be a fight sequence which lasted way too long, then more pointless drivvle, then another fight scene that lasts too long and it all builds up to the biggest anti-climax ever. a little bearded bloke talking a load of uncomprehensible bull for 20 minutes.also, keanu reeves gives his worst performance yet. i knew he wasn't a good actor but this was beyond a joke. if you watch his films in the order he was in them it would seem he got gradually worse as they went along. god knows what his performance is like in something's gotta give! keanu reeves: the only plank of wood ever to become an actor.after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment. if you haven't already seen the first film i suggest you watch it, but don't waste your time with this utter pile of turd.

as a fan of science-fiction movies, i have been aware of the matrix since its release in 1999. from the little bit i would allow people to tell me about it, i assumed it was highly original and sophisticated. i am also a devotee of alice in wonderland. i could never quite figure out how i missed the matrix when it was released. with the imminent release of the matrix reloaded, it was time to buy the dvd and watch it.the disappointment was too great. the premise of the matrix (the controlling device as opposed to the movie) was clever. the philosophical premise of parallel worlds, alternate realities is shopworn. however, i could still have bought into the film, as science-fiction, if it stayed firmly in that genre. unfortunately, it turned into a standard, "will they or won't they escape, break through, rescue those in need of rescue, etc." to make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. the problem is that science-fiction and martial arts films are really two different types. to the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two doesn't work. it is like mixing science-fiction with romance. you can have one or the other, but not both in the same film, or, at least, not both to the same extent in the same movie.if there were such problems with the matrix, the matrix reloaded really compounded the problems. at least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or the protracted car-chase. (this observation ignores the question, made in every professional, negative review of the movie: if neo could do the superman thing, why bother to fight at all? the answer, of course, is that's what draws the young, male demographic group into the theatre.) then there is the "redemption through love" aspect. that plot device was worn out by richard wagner over a hundred years ago. it was actually handled better by him in die gotterdammerung.so where does that leave those who saw the matrix reloaded. martial arts fans probably groaned through the trite, but arcane sci-fi philosophizing. science fictions fans were wondering why they were sitting through a kung-fun fest. most of the males in the audience where probably bored by the silly romance aspect of the film.just what are you supposed to be getting for your bucks when you see the matrix franchise films: science fiction, martial arts, or soap opera? a bit of each does not make for a whole lot more of any of them, nor for a satisfying film for the afficionados of each.

i felt asleep, watching it!!! (and i had tickets for the midnight- premiere) any questions? the most disturbing scene, as far as i can remember, was the techno-dance-i-dont-know-what-that-was-scene. by the way what an ending!?

`the matrix' was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic but also curiously thought provoking in its `twilight zone'-ish manner. the general rule applies here- and this sequel doesn't match up to its predecessor. worse than that, it doesn't even compare with it.`reloaded' explodes onto the screen in the most un-professional fashion. in the opening few seconds the first impression is a generally good one as trinity is shot in a dream. immediately after that, the film nose-dives. after a disastrous first 45 minutes, it gradually gains momentum when they enter the matrix and the agent smith battle takes place. but it loses itself all speed when it reaches the 14-minute car chase sequence and gets even worse at the big groan-worthy twist at the end. worst of all is the overlong `zion rave' scene. not only does it have absolutely nothing to do with the plot, but it's also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music.the bullet-time aspect of `the matrix' was a good addition, but in `'reloaded' they overuse to make it seem boring. in the first one there were interesting plot turns, but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting. the movie is basically, just a series of stylish diversions that prevent us from realising just how empty it really is. it works on the incorrect principle that bigger is better. it appears that `the matrix' franchise has quickly descended into the special effects drenched misfire that other franchises such as the `star wars' saga have.the acting standard is poor for the most part. the best character of course goes to hugo weaving's `agent smith'- the only one to be slightly interesting. keanu reeves is the definitive neo, but in all the special effects, there is little room to make much of an impact. academy award nominee laurence fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue. carrie ann moss' part as the action chick could have been done much better by any other actress. a poor, thrown-together movie, `the matrix reloaded' is a disappointment. those who didn't like the first one are unlikely to flock to it. this one's for die-hard fans only. even in the movie's own sub-genre of special effect bonanzas (minority report, the matrix etc.) this is still rather poor. my imdb rating: 4.5/10.

i will admit that i'm only a college student at this present time, an english major at that. at the time i saw this film i was a high school student--i want to say junior year but it may have been senior, hard to remember. my experience with quantum physics goes pretty much to my honors physics course, an interest in quantum mechanics that has led me to read up on the subject in a number of books on the theoretical aspects of the field as well as any article i can find in discover and the like. i'm not a phd by any means.that said...this movie is simply terrible. it's designed to appeal to the scientific mind of the average new age guru who desperately wants to believe in how special everybody is. my mother is such a person and ever since she's seen this movie she's tried to get all her friends to see it and bought a copy of the film. i attempted to point out the various flaws and problems i'd seen with the films logic and science--and they are numerous--and she dismissed my claims because "oh, so a high school student knows more than all those people with phds." in this case, apparently so.leaving behind the fact that earning a phd doesn't necessarily require that a person be correct or, in fact, intelligent. leaving behind the fact that my basic understanding of physics is enough to debunk half the film. leaving that behind, the film makers completely manipulated their interviews with at least one of the participants to make it appear that he supported their beliefs when, in fact, he completely opposed them.i could go on and on but i think intuitor did a really good job of debunking the film so feel free to read that if you care to do so.http://www.intuitor.com/moviephysics/bleep.html

at first glance this documentary/fiction/cartoon is quite entertaining and thought provoking. of course, when something provokes thought, it can then be scrutinized. the reality is this movie combines metaphysics with innuendo and baseless conclusions. the link that "what the bleep..." would have you see between science and spirituality is, in fact, not rooted in science at all. the transcendental meditation study mentioned in the film claims that meditation by a group can reduce crime in a given area, washington d.c. in this case. in reality the hra (homicides, rapes, and assaults) crime rate was about 30% higher in 1993 than the average crime rate between 19881992. there was absolutely no decrease in the homicide rate during the study. in fact, each and every claim that links metaphysics to science can and has been debunked.my conclusion from this information is that this movie is either a poor attempt to indoctrinate people or a joke. either way, i suggest that you do not waste your time.if you are looking for a long winded movie about science that could provoke thoughts, you might consider mindwalk (1990).

i agree strongly with some of the other critics of this film. i found it incredibly silly (at best) and downright misleading, misinforming and harmful (at worst). like others, i found this film to be an awful mix of "real" science and pseudoscientific, new age propaganda. as a psychologist, i was especially offended by candace pert's contributions. true, i was not a fan of hers before this film, but her discourse on the "consciousness" of cells was one of the best examples of taking a term ("consciousness") that has a predictable meaning to most people and using it in such a distorted manner as to cause it to obscure rather than clarify. it is an old orwellian mind-f**k that the master himself described so well in his superb essay "politics and the english language." to refer to "consciousness" in this manner--indeed, to refer to this film as "based in science" in general (which is its clear intent)--is to use language in the same manner employed by stalin when he labeled his slave-states "democratic republics" and hitler when he called his party a "socialist workers" movement.i don't claim to really understand quantum physics. i know enough about it to know that to really understand it would take considerable study. ah, but we americans do love "instant enlightenment," and that's what this mistake of a film tries to accomplish. if it asked questions, that would be one thing, but it clearly attempts to ask and answer them, which no film could possibly do simply because we are far, far away from the answers (if they indeed exist).by the way, ethically this film needed a disclaimer about the association of several "expert commentators" with the maharishi mahesh yogi (and tm), not to mention j.z. knight, who often speaks in her "ramtha" voice. (i'm always amazed at this channeled 10,000 year-old atlantean superman's grasp of 21st century concepts and terminology. but then again, this film argues that the past, present and future are all one and the same, so if ramtha existed in atlantis 10,000 years ago, i suppose he could exist now and tomorrow. only, then how come his financial advice has been so incredibly bad for his followers? oh, i forgot, i'm the creator of "good" and "bad" advice, so it's all my fault, not ramtha's.)what a mess.

another cult strikes again. this isn't a spoiler, because the real ending comes after you research the folks who brought this overly-long, pseudo-scientific infomercial...ramtha's school of enlightenment.when any religion/philosophy needs to hide behind an oz-like screen of deceit, i walk away. thank ramtha i watched a borrowed copy of this movie on the recommendation of a "friend"...to have wasted precious resources on this new-age lobotomizer would have been tragic. i can only hope that they "truly believe they can walk on water" enough to take that guidance to it's "logical" conclusion...in other words; walk, drown...or shut up :-) as a movie...it deserves a strong "1" on it's entertainment value, especially for creating the most dislikable character in film history (the photographer's roommate...eeeeeek!). if you must see this film, borrow it from one of the brainwashed folks who recommended it.

"what the bleep do we know!?" was one of the worst times i have spent at the movies. it was less of a movie and more of an after school special, but at the same time nothing special at all. the attempt at a narrative in which they grounded their ideas was absolutely pathetic, which almost anyone will tell you. marlee matlin in her underwear just shouldn't happen. i won't dwell on it. what i will reveal is a criticism that many are unable to formulate. this movie, while tedious, also suffered a tremendous flaw in reasoning. it was horribly contradictory because it took such a manipulative, become a creator of your life, manifestation of abundance, shoeless piece of propaganda. interconnectivity is explained as a large party of our existence. however, the movie encourages that we control our surroundings with our minds. it completely neglects that there are other people with minds that could be controlling us, which seems to be more the case. or at least the structures in which we exist greatly limit us. in this way, the movie was inappropriately solipsistic. solipsism and interconnectivity just don't mix unless you're god almighty. if you are, you will be impressed (?!?) by all the neat things this movie will reveal that you can do. if not, you will be sorely disappointed, a moron, or perhaps both. also, the title is so ridiculous, i have trouble warning people not to see the movie because i feel retarded mentioning it by name. shame on everyone involved.

this beautifully filmed and scripted episode was let down for two reasons. 1) perhaps it was the morality of the 1950s talking, but no man left alone on an asteroid for years would react with such hysterical negativity to the gift of a female android. 2) it wasn't an android at all, but a woman, the beautiful jean marsh.the popularity of the sex doll industry in the coming decades could have traced its origins back to this episode if they'd done it properly. in fact, the modernization of sex-bots are in the news as i speak.robots were not new to movies or television when this episode was made, so they could have at least had her act like one. her fleshiness would then have added a creepy element. instead, it becomes a nice little love story about two humans on faraway star.the twilight zone always stretched the imagination and credulity. normally no one cared. but this episode seemed hamstrung by a calvinist morality eschewing what would have amounted to masturbation with a machine, or downright carelessness.

99.999% pure crap. and the other .001% was a brief moment where i thought the blond chick was going to disrobe. nope.the dialogue was legendarily bad. the action sucked, and there was no sex (the afore mentioned blond chick is modestly dressed, alas, the whole movie). the cgi had the dubious honor of being the worst i've ever seen on film, and the anachronisms were numerous and glaring. acting was mediocre even from ben cross and marina sirtis, the only 'names' in this movie. and marina sirtis looked really, really bad.i've seen high school plays more capably produced. this is the kind of movie that mst3k thrived on. heads should roll at sci-fi for allowing this steaming pile on the air.

turned out to be another failed attempt by the laughable sci-fi channel. i am not sure who wrote the script, and interpreted the poem, but i am sure it was by some 17 year old teen who thought it would be awesome to a have a scoped crossbow in the movie. aaaaaaah! when i saw that part, i lost all hope. then...they set off for heorot in a what looks to be the ship that christopher columbus sailed in! when they reach heorot, (which is supposed to be a norse mead hall) the sci-fi group of idiots decided to make heorot look like a big stone castle. when i saw that part.. i wanted to scream. i really wanted this movie to be good, but sci-fi has yet to produce a good movie, so i don't know why i got my hopes up. oh..and grendel and his mother, are stupid also. (this comment is off topic about "grendel")if anyone from the sci-fi channel is reading this..here is some good advice. not every movie you make has to be about a big monster that can rip people in half, thats not what science fiction is about! and also, stop casting low-grade actors like stephen baldwin to be in your films! its not helping the movie, but making it worse!!!

this movie is a farce! names are grossly mispronounced and the plot is twisted and gnarled into something unrecognizable by any literature enthusiast. and they have the gall to give beowulf a ridiculous cannon/crossbow weapon. beowulf doesn't need a weapon like that! in the poem, he rips off grendel's arm with his bare hands! and i can't believe that the scriptwriters did such a thing. the way grendel is portrayed is impressive however. that and the cast are the only positive points of the feature. my english teacher would go insane if she saw this abomination. unless you are a die-hard fan of the epic poem "beowulf," avoid this film at all costs. and even then, i wouldn't recommend it.

may the saints preserve us, because this movie is not going to help.someone with access needs to e-mail mel gibson and tell him we need a faithful production of beowulf. something that actually has something in common with the epic poem that is the foundation for all modern western literature.the recent (since 2000) versions of beowulf make we wonder two things. first, why is there so much interest in the story. second, why are all these filmmakers squandering mountains of cash on this crap.the only reason this got a two is that the version with lambert in it (beowulf 2000) was worse and needed the 1.what is even worse, some people will watch this and get the wrong idea about the poem. how can an industry where peter jackson gets a literary conversion to film so right can get it so wrong. i mean really, the roman forum as a model for heorot is too much.and please, horns on helmets? spare me. this is insulting./hjm

after having seen the canadian/icelandic/british 2004 production of "beowulf & grendel," which i thought brilliant and stunning, i approached this--the first of 3 newer beowulf movies due out this year--with trepidation. as soon as i heard "viking" and saw the horned helmets, i groaned. these were migration era swedes and danes, not vikings (they came later). and even the vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). then there's hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about greece or rome, not 6th-century denmark. the swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. i spotted weapons that might have been used by crusaders in "kingdom of heaven," and one character was even wielding a windlass steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from "beowulf & grendel"! beyond the basic plot of the original epic poem, the writing was dismal and the acting totally wooden and unconvincing. the biggest yuk was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from iraqi insurgents. the special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! i could go on, but i won't.

i watched grendel the other night and am compelled to put together a public service announcement.grendel is another version of beowulf, the thousand-year-old anglo-saxon epic poem. the scifi channel has a growing catalog of inoffensive and uninteresting movies, and the previews promised an inauthentic low-budget mini-epic, but this one refused to let me switch channels. it was staggeringly, overwhelmingly, bad. i watched in fascination and horror at the train wreck you couldn't tear your eyes away from. i reached for a notepad and managed to capture part of what i was seeing. the following may contain spoilers or might just save your sanity. you've been warned.- just to get it over with, beowulf's warriors wore horned helmets. trivial issue compared to what came after. it also appears that the helmets were in a bin and handed to whichever actor wandered by next. fit, appearance and function were apparently irrelevant.- marina sirtis had obviously been blackmailed into doing the movie by the ringling brothers, barnum and bailey circus. she managed to avoid a red rubber nose, but the clowns had already done the rest of her makeup.- ben cross pretended not to be embarrassed as the king. his character, hrothgar, must have become king of the danes only minutes before the film opened and hadn't had a chance to get the crown resized to fit him yet.- to facilitate the actors' return to their day jobs waiting tables, none were required to change their hairstyles at all. the variety of hair included cornrows, sideburns, buzz cuts and a mullet and at least served to distract from the dialog. to prove it was a multi-national cast, all were encouraged to retain whatever accent they chose.- as is typical with this type of movie (at least since mad max), leather armor was a requirement. in this case it was odd-shaped, ill-fitting and brand-new.- the female love interest, ingrid, played by alexis peters, followed a long-standing tradition of hotties who should be watched with the volume turned completely down.- the unintended focus of the movie was a repeating, compound crossbow with exploding bolts. it never needed to be loaded and even had a recoil when fired. it managed to shred the laws of physics, the integrity of the original legend, historical fact and plot suspense all by itself.- hrothgar's palace, heorot, rather than being a norse long hall, apparently was designed and constructed by artisans who sank with atlantis.- beowulf arrived at the danes' homeland in a two-masted stern-castled ship that originally was part of a set, the other two being the santa maria and the pinta.- prince unferth observed beowulf's ship's approach using a telescope. before you could recover from that astounding innovation, you got to see the ship from his point of view. judging from the angle, the prince was in an aircraft of some sort.- fun fact 1: in bulgaria, fire (as from a fireplace) creates light without heat. this explains why you could see the actors' breath whether indoors or out.- fun fact 2: dark age dancing in denmark looks like slow dances i went to in the 8th grade.- fun fact 3: you, too, can make a catapult with a timed-release air-burst explosive. but, don't expect it to actually harm anything. incidentally, beowulf was apparently a veteran of world war ii, yelling "incoming!" to shred any remaining suspension of disbelief.- grendel was so upset and always in a snit because as a completely cgi creation he couldn't leave footprints. even in snow.- grendel's mom ("hag") was in a foul mood because she was a single mother and junior hadn't inherited her wings. recessive gene, i suppose. by the way, we can now make an educated guess that grendel's pop was probably swamp thing.- grendel and mom chose to randomly kill, fly away with or drag away their prey based only on a close reading of the next few pages of the script.- fun medical fact: being slammed by a mythical beast hard enough to be thrown fifty feet against stone causes slight facial scratches that don't bleed much.- the sword of legend beowulf used to dispatch the hag was as long as he was tall and would have contained enough steel to put a second deck on the golden gate bridge. luckily the wobbling dispelled any concerns over its weight.- best line of the movie: prince unferth had just been impaled by hag and spit a quart of blood roughly six feet. princess ingrid cradled him gently and said, "you're going to be okay, my prince." so much for that job at the triage clinic.i feel better now.

this is a made-for-tv and rather needless sci-fi channel retelling of the beowulf story, especially after the recent 2005 film "beowulf and grendel". this movie doesn't really get into beowulf's story, but just takes us through his battle against the ravenous beast known as grendel as it leaves a kingdom in absolute fear and turmoil while the powerful viking warrior, beowulf is called upon to rid them of the monster's rampage. if this is successfully accomplished, the king will no longer have to sacrifice the children to keep it at bay. after a few failed attempts, the creature is slain, but it's angry and vengeful mother soon attacks, leaving it up to beowulf to, again, lend his mighty acts of bravery and strength to defeat it. "grendel" looks like it was shot on a tiny budget and the cg effects are terrible. like i said, this movie is absolutely needless.

the original "les visiteurs" was original, hilarious, interesting, balanced and near perfect. lv2 must be a candidate for "worst first sequel to a really good film". in lv2 everyone keeps shouting, when a gag doesn't work first it's repeated another 5 times with some vague hope that it will eventually become funny. lv2 is a horrible parody of lv1, except of course that a parody should be inventive. if you loved lv1 just don't see this film, just see lv1 again!!

in 1993, "the visitors" was an enormous hit in france. so, the sequence was inevitable and unfortunately, this sequence ranks among the worst ones ever made. this is a movie that doesn't keep its promises. indeed, it's supposed to tell a sole story. jean reno must go in the twentieth century and take christian clavier back in the middle ages so that time can normally follow its course. the problem is that clavier feels completely at ease in the world of the twentieth century, and so make him get back in the middles ages is rather hard... instead of this, the movie goes on several other stories without succeeding in following the main plot. as a consequence, the movie becomes sometimes muddle-headed, sometimes a bit of a mess.but the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actors. reno and clavier fall into the trap that however they could avoid in the first movie: they're going over the top and become annoying. then, why did jean-marie poiré the film-maker engage muriel robin in the female main role? he made a mistake because she seems ill-at-ease and is absolutely pitiful. the other actors aren't better: marie-anne chazel is nonexistent and christian bujeau, unbearable. of course, the movie contains a few good moments with efficient gags but it often falls into vulgarity and easiness. certain sequences and dialogs are affected. it also appears hollow because poiré takes back elements that secured the success of the first movie. thus, a young girl takes reno for a close relative of her family and asks him to take part in her wedding.a labored and disappointing follow-up. anyway, what's the interest of this movie otherwise commercial?

everybody who wants to be an editor should watch this movie! it shows you about every mistake not to do in editing a movie! my grandma could have done better than that! but that's not the only reason why this movie is really bad! (it's actually so bad that i'm not able to write a sentence without exclamation mark!) if the first episode of les visiteurs' was a quite good familial comedy with funny jokes and cult dialogues, this sequel is copying badly the receipe of the first one. the funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it. clavier is over-acting his role even more than in the first part, robin is trying to act like lemercier (because she's replacing her) but that's grotesque'. lemercier is lemercier, robin is robin! even if muriel robin can be funny by herself on stage, she is not in this movie because she's not acting as she used to act. i know that it should be hard to replace somebody who was good in a role (lemercier obtained a césar award for her role in the first movie) but she made a big mistake: instead of playing her role, she played lemercier playing her role'! as for the story, it's just too much! of course we knew at he end of the first movie that there would be a sequel but poiré and clavier should hae tried to write a more simple story like the first episode. the gags are repetitive, childish and déjà-vu. no, really, there's no more than 3 funny parts in this. the only good things might be the costumes and some special effects. so you have only 2 reasons to watch it: 1) if you want to learn how to edit awfully a movie, 2) if you want to waste your time or if you really need a brainless moment'! 2/10

this film is so bad and gets worse in every imaginable fashion. its not just the poor acting and script nor is it the lame and perverse time one wastes on watching it. what really puts this film in my hall of shame is the apparent struggling that the writers and producers do with the film to try and make it funny. the actress replacing jean reno's descendant is to old and learned her lesson in the first film so they add a new girl who is to be married. nearly all of the original extras and gags return however this time makes me want to ripe my eyes out of my sockets because it's a waste of perfectly good film. the torture of the constant camera cuts and shots in any scene in this movie can put the viewer into violent convolutions. this second film takes the successful original and drags it out of its coffin and parades the corpse out in the public square and perversely degrades not only the original idea and its legacy but our intelligence as well. this film unlike the spruce goose could not fly for it had no plot in the principals returning for a 'necklace'. no script since it was apparently written and added to daily. no attention to camera or shots in mind. poor lighting and special effects done for the sake of doing so. this film would not even pass for a student film in basic film 101. how this pile got through no one can tell. it was a big loosing investment and it appears that no one had the strength to put this unnatural cruel mistake out of our miseries. this movie has one good part ...its end! this film is my #1 worst film of all time, finally "howard the duck" is no longer the goose.

i'm ask... what a f*** are whit the real-tv never i see some b******* in my life is: a******, dirty, f****** bad and other a******* things but anything more is just a piece of american s*** all time britney saying ''oh s***, i wanna see his cock, i wanna f***, and stuck his d***'' and he thinking ''oh like i gone to still her money'' it's just another show of s*** any one more the only good are what britney sell in interior clothes but noting special noting it's just like i say another s*** show in this s*** sill out the money pure sex all f******* time, i just see for i sleep on the before show for this i wanna my f****** money

this is probably the worst excuse for television programming since, oh, i don't know, whats happening now? nothing ever happened on this ridiculous "series". even though it's mostly shot by britney and kevin themselves, you don't get any good details into their personal lives. it's mostly just them making stupid, jokey small talk and acting like white trash. look, i love britney's music as much as the next babe, but this show is just pure filler for a nation so addicted to britney that they would watch her clip her toenails (yes, that could be an actual episode). thank god these two broke up, because they were painfully dull together. this show is toxic!

i don't know why i'm commenting this stupid reality-show i happened to watch a few episodes of(a cable marathon broadcast when they aired 5 episodes in a row or something,i didn't watch the entire thing though.only like three episodes)as i was nine months pregnant and about to go into labor any day.maybe i'm just bored today:-)i feel sorry for britney,i really do.for all her money and fame she seem to have very little sense of dignity.or she's self-centered to the extreme.she married the nitwit federline(okay anybody can make a mistake) and before that she "starred" this horrible show about her everyday life with him,where she shoves a camcorder wherever she feels like it,no matter if it is in someone's face or into the shower as federline is standing in there. she's babbling about her sex-life without leaving anything to your imagination,i don't care for my part,but i can't help wondering how she feels about it now when she's divorced.and yes,for her sake i'm embarrassed.but i shouldn't be.she seem to live a pretty empty,shallow life though.i don't want to swap lives with her even if i could. road-kill tv if you like.

how did such a terrible script manage to attract this cast? ridiculous, predictable and thoroughly unbelievable, this is well-acted and slickly directed, but the material is so bad it still qualifies as one of the all-time worst thrillers i've seen in years. amazingly bad, and not in a fun way. avoid at all costs, even if you're a fan of someone in the cast.

i'm embarrassed to be writing this review. i say that because those of you reading it will know that i sat through the whole thing and that is embarrassing to admit even to strangers. but i just had to warn those who read the viewer comments on imdb before they watch a film not to watch this one. it's the least i can do. this is a bad movie! trust me. the plot is goofy. the acting is amateurish. and the directing, camera work, sets, costumes, etc. are all second rate. let it go.

wow it's ironic since this movie has been out for awhile i think that someone else just reviewed it a couple days ago.anyways, i watched this movie simply because it has nick stahl, for the record.the movie was ridiculous. the characters drove me insane, they were so cliché and stereotyped. this movie had some of the worst dialogue i have ever heard. it had way too many plot twists too.there is one scene in the movie worth seeing however, the scene: "warm heart, cold gun" where nick stahl kills the obnoxious girl in the shower. (well, actually they were all obnoxious.) but his acting in that scene was excellent. the look on his face, it reminded my of american psycho (a good movie). the scene is worth seeing but not worth seeing the rest of the movie for, do yourself a favor and don't watch it.

a cheesy, compellingly awful (and not in a fun way) c grade movie. everything shouts 'amateur', from the crumby script (bizarre premises, limited coherence and predictable endings; the turgid lighting, sound and hand-held wobbly camera angles; the coy and passe sexual inneundo and references; the patchy and unbelievable dialgoue to the z rate acting. i saw it on dvd and kept hoping edward wood would pop out. all is forgiven - your worst films are works of art, and more coherent than this twaddle.but still, preferable to the warbling 'every night in my dreams i hear you' - are you sure the titanic crew weren't involved in this on the side?

rks films always have been commercial films which suited the 90's, from ghayal, daminihis last few films khakee were watchable family was crapthis film is a decent film but could be betterthe problem lies in there is lot of old fashioned clichés thrown in and many scenes come out too filmy and lengthyajay devgan's character is shown very well but his character gets heroic which could be subtlethe lengthy flashback could be avoided as thigns are simply long drawneven the street play in the second half look too simplistic and hardly a solution though the message is well brought outdirection by rks is decent, though it could be better music is okayajay devgan looks the part very well and is at ease playing his part mostly though at times he does look ill at ease in light scenes he excels in dramatics vidya excels in the scene front of media pankaj has a not proper defined role and too filmy yet he excels in his part darshan jariwala hams as the old age villain the rest are okay

i'm not going to approach and critique the theories of raw. i mean, this is a site about movies and whether the movie delivers or is well-made, and not a site debating philosophy.having said that, this video really blows. it's one talking-head shot of raw after another. some of it is archival video, so you can see how he has aged over the years, and that's pretty cool. but, otherwise, the viewing experience is relentlessly monotonous.it's a strange comparison, but i kept thinking of the sunday afternoon when i watched some of the barbra streisand star vehicle *funny lady* (another really bad movie). after a while, i was so od'd on barbra, i kept wishing there would be one scene that she wouldn't appear in: you know, a "meanwhile, other characters in the movie were up to something else..." moment. but it was all about barbra. well this video is raw's *funny lady*. so, if your idea of a good time is to look at multiple takes and angles of the face of raw while he prattles on with his theories, assembled in a lame structure that doesn't add any interest or insight, then be my guest. for me, i couldn't take it after 20 minutes.

tv pilots, don't you love them? quinn martin tried this one out after being successful in a bunch of other tv detective movies, but this one goes nowhere except in the realm of mst where it belongs. roy thinnes is diamond head who takes orders from aunt mary to find super spy lovejoy, i mean tree. zulu and tso-tsing are there for ethnic comic relief and not much else. tree sucks as a bad guy despite all his disguises that makes him look exactly the same as he normally does. there's more unnatural clothing fiber here than you can ever imagine (required in the 1970's)and the show itself is so anti-climatic. why did it not go to series? you figure it out, it's quite blatant. again it's fun for mst, but not a lot else!!

i am a huge jane austen fan and i ordered the movie from amazon.uk just so i could see it without waiting forever for it to come to the u.s. i really should have saved my money. what is with anne running after wentworth? the whole point of anne elliot's character is that she was quiet and refined. she is not impulsive and vulgar. and mary, was she suffering from a stroke or something? her speech wasn't normal, nor was her walking normal. there was no chemistry between the two main characters which made their whole "romance" completely unbelievable. in the final scene they even have sally hawkins wearing the same dress amanda root wore during the letter scene. the same clothes do not make it the same movie. in my opinion they didn't watch the 1995 version, which even though it had it's flaws, it did stay pretty close to the book. the book, i don't even think they read it. this is kind of like a cliff's notes movie of persuasion. hit on all the high points without explaining anything.

i have no idea why they made this version of "persuasion" when they already had that fine mini-series with amanda root and ciaran hinds. i suppose that they wanted to make a feature-length version, but of course a lot had to be deleted; alas, what ended up on the cutting-room floor was all the lovely wit and humour, leaving a film that was mere melodrama rather than an amusing exposition of english country manners and mores.also, the characters were shallow and uninteresting. they had poor anne chasing up and down the streets after captain wentworth like a silly modern adolescent (and if you happen to be a silly modern adolescent reading this, let me tell you: running after a male like a female in heat is not cool). that is something a well-bred woman of the napoleonic era would never have done, and certainly not this level-headed heroine.some have said they found this antic laughable; my reaction was not laughter, but outrage. the very idea of such a corruption of an austen work is beneath contempt.it was ghastly.

my god, was this the "run, lola, run" adaptation of persuasion? it was horrible. bad enough that the "screenwriter" (and i use the term very loosely) cut and pasted dialogue from one character onto another, often completely out of context and to rush the story along: but anne elliott running from location to location in pursuit of wentworth near the end of the piece was an abomination! austen must be spinning in her grave. no respectable young woman would have acted in such an atrocious fashion. and the actress that played mary? horrors. needless to say, if the rest of the austen remakes are this bad, they will be turning off a new generation of watchers.if you want to see an impeccable version of this (otherwise) wonderful novel, get the 1995 roger michell directed version starring amanda root (whose expressions alone can speak volumes) and ciaran hinds. it is superb.

i gave this movie a single star only because it was impossible to give it less.scientists have developed a formula for replicating any organism. in their lab(a run down warehouse in l.a.), they create a t-rex. a group of industrial spies break in to steal the formula and the remainder of the film is one endless foot chase.of course the t-rex(a rubber puppet)gets loose and commences to wipe out the cast. it has the amazing ability to sneak up within 2 or 3 feet of someone without them noticing and then promptly bites their head off.one cast member escapes in a police car and spends the remainder of the film driving aimlessly through the city. she is of such superior mental ability that she can't even operate the radio. she never makes any attempt to drive to a substation or a donut shop and appears hopelessly lost.the t-rex wreaks havoc throughout the city, there are blazing gun battles and buildings(cardboard mock-ups)blowing up, but a single police car, or the army, nor anyone else ever shows up. such activity must be commonplace in los angeles.we can only hope that a sequel isn't planned.

you ever get that itch to just kill an hour or two doing chores and watching a movie so bad it defies reason? well, out renting movies one weekend i see the box art for this one and see the t-rex. knowing full well that the dinosaur on the package was the t-rex from jurassic park, i knew i had to rent this just cause i was in the mood for a bad movie.i was not disappointed in the least.mad scientists, secret formulas, a company more concerned about its fortune and shareholders than lives, and of course, a big, poorly animated, sock-puppet t-rex. is it me our through out the movie was there scenes clearly spliced from other movies? not to mention the rex's hungry is never satisfied...ever. how he has hungry is beyond me because he actually doesn't have an throat (really if you look down his mouth when he roars, it's solid...like a toy or something). now, i like watching incredibly bad b-movies from time to time because it reminds me how much better a blockbuster movie is. this one was hilarious. i'm not even sure if this was supposed to be a thriller or a comedy, because there are scenes where, make no mistake, you will laugh. do i blame the movie's budget...yes, but the acting didn't help either. ok, tony todd was actually pretty good, as for some of the female roles...when you cry shouldn't "tears" come out? meh, i am not going to be angry at this movie, i knew what i was getting into and if you're looking for a bad movie to watch with friends, here's what i recommend: watch this movie, then immediately watch jurassic park and then lost world back to back. you will be writing mr. spielberg thank you letters the next day.

i got this as a turkey movie and was i not disappointed.acting - overall even though many have been in other movies it is clear that they had to work hard to act this bad so constantly over this entire movie with out accidentally letting slip some degree of acting.plot - being generous i could say that the scriptwriter did originally start with a plot but but did his best to ignore it. the plot broke down faster then a chinese knock off computer scrip - now that was an abomination of nature. it failed to flow with any rhyme or reason. the majority of the lines by the characters were at best pathetic to imbecilic. the script worked hard to make sure that no character managed to get to be considered memorable. i have watched other movies where the extras were more interesting and memorable.special effects - rotflmao!!!!! they were short bus special directing - until you can come up with your own directing ability copy the style of your favorite directer otherwise you will only make failures like this.it is good to know that your friends/family have been giving you 10 stars for this movie

my first opinions on this movie were of course bad.i was expecting a horrible, crappy acting, bad entertainment, ridiculous special effects movie.what i got was actually not that bad.the special effects were absolutely horrible, but i found the movie itself quite interesting, and the script was actually pretty good and decent.the acting wasn't that bad, and overall i had fun watching this movie.it's still a pretty bad film, but it's not completely worthless like i thought it was going to be, and i'm pleased to know that this movie managed to wow me, even when it wasn't that good.overall, it's a film that should be avoided, but to me it wasn't as bad as i was expecting it to be.

if you want to watch a real 'quality' movie get hold of the eden formula. this wondrous film must have cost all of $50 to make. it features a wafer thin script, pathetically bad sets, lighting and camera work, and a stop motion, paper-mache monster that is utterly laughable (it looks like they sometimes used a guy in a rubber suit and/or a glove puppet for the monster - but all were equally dreadful). the actors all speak their lines as though they've never seen them before and are reading off a teleprompter. the special effects are way beyond lousy. and the only sad thing is that they dropped the really nifty original title 'tyranasaurus wrecks' which sums up exactly what you get for the full 90 minutes.this is what happens when you scrape the bottom of the barrel so hard you break through to the crud that lies underneath. i loved every minute of it.

this review is mostly all spoilers. if you plan on enjoying this film, don't read this review. that's the problem with kids tv nowadays. it's all so patronizing and condescending. `wow, that was fun, wasn't it?' no it wasn't. and unfortunately it seems to have permeated into children films as well. and that is what 'flight of the reindeer' is all about. admittedly i haven't seen 'flight of the reindeer' in a few years so i might be hazy on some points, but i remember being thoroughly unimpressed with it at the time. essentially, the story follows a lecturer who is given a book for christmas. now, the lecturer is an esteemed scientist on the flying habits of some animal. i think it was bullfrogs. anyway, through this book, mr lecturer / family man learns that reindeer can fly in exactly the same way as bullfrogs. apparently this book was written by a scientist many hundreds of years ago who disappeared in the north pole. now, if it were me i would have thrown the book out the nearest window. flying bullfrogs are a naturally occurring phenomenon, but flying reindeer is a fantastic and wholly unrealistic concept. but, mr lecturer isn't me, so i guess that explains why he decides to fly to the north pole leaving his wife and kid at home with no idea where he's gone. of course, things go awry and before he knows it, a flying reindeer has crashed into his private plane and he's stranded at the north pole. are you still following this? good. his family, of course, are devastated. i would be too, i mean, what a suck-tacular christmas. elsewhere, mr lecturer finds himself in a hidden town at the north pole inhabited by midgets and one tyrannical figure who dresses only in red and white. rather than try to escape immediately, as i would have done, he greets everyone there with open arms. this hidden civilization of midget monsters, and he greets them with open arms. oooo-kayyyy. they feed him this story that they are the elves of santa claus and they spend all year round making toys for kids they have no idea exist. and mr lecturer accepts all this. he even accepts that santa claus is in fact the scientist who disappeared two hundred years ago or whatever. there's just one problem - they don't want him to leave. the world can't know of their secret existence. after all, before they'd know it there'd be a mcdonalds and a starbucks on every street corner. still with me?now, mr nice guy's family find the book and assume he's gone to the north pole. boy, wouldn't they be embarrassed if they found out he'd just gone for a brisk walk? before the audience knows it, they're jetting off to spend a christmas in the most authentic winter wonderland on the planet. meanwhile, mr lecturer gets sick of all the uppity midgets and decides to leave. i can't remember exactly, but i do recall him holding santa claus to gunpoint. a fire fight ensues when the midgets attack and he manages to escape via santa's sleigh. with santa hot on his heels and with bloodlust in his eyes, mr whatever, through some marvellous co-incidence, finds himself flying alongside his family's plane that is looking for him. so he jumps on to their plane, the planes flies back and everyone lives happily ever after. the fact is, there have been some shocking films made in the name of christmas over the years but because they feature that festive charm they get away with it. and it's that charm that is utterly devoid from 'flight of the reindeer' there isn't much wrong with it; nothing which insults the intelligence (well, obviously there is, but it's a kids film and thus can get away with such things) or anything particularly offensive, but the problem is there is nothing much right about it either. it just doesn't feel christmassy. and for a film that is all about christmas, that it a pretty major flaw. but hey, i don't think 'flight of the reindeer's target audience mind about that? why should they? they're all so doped up on sedatives they probably couldn't spell `christmas' i give it three out of ten. if it was a tv-movie then i'd add another two stars onto it. we all know how bad they can get.

the christmas secret was touted as a wonderful film, but i was truly disappointed. they even sold vhs and dvd copies of the film when it was over, which leads me to think the producers were really proud of this project. as a screen actor myself i felt most of the performances were phoned in, although beau bridges, as nick, did have a moment or two. if i were richard thomas i would not put this film on my otherwise fine resume. it was an embarrassment. i had been a fan since his waltons days, but have found myself untempted to watch any of his subsequent work, so poor was this offering.in defence of the actors, the directing was stilted, mechanical, and thoroughly amateurish.i hope this is not considered a spiteful review and negative assumptions made about my qualifications as a critic. i turned the movie on because it had a good cast and i was prepared to enjoy the film. however i would challenge any one out there to watch this film and not wish for their money back, even though it was on t.v.

this thing was bad. really bad. i mean, low budget can sometimes be very inspiring, but not this. the story was so off-the-shelf, the alien's behaviour so illogical, the characters so clichéed. i found nothing good in it. and i did try.

i'm a big fan of movies that make you think. i'm still thinking long and hard about this one, fully seven minutes after the credits have rolled. what's really confounding my neurons is the attempt to fathom the relevance to the plot of the naked girlie fondling her slick oily body, made extra-tacky by being filmed on cheap video. this happens three times and i was certain it would be explained in the end. i put my trust in the film-makers that this lurid attempt to lure viewers would be justified. it was not.the movie has to be the most apathetic i've come across in the genre. the sets look like a cross between a 1970s dr who set and someone's ill-formed idea of a sponge-painted living room. the lighting is unimaginative (if your sets are going to be that bad, at least film them in semi-darkness to hide the plasterboard and create some ambiance). of the abducted quartet, the girl stands out as being particularly lame, but none of them is given a personality. the aliens' plans for world domination are just plain silly - all they need is a birth control pill and their problems are solved. most of the movie consists of people running down corridors. yes, it really is that exciting. the "ray gun" special effect is ... curious, to say the least (what use is a weapon that takes a 15-second concentrated blast to kill, and even then the guy comes back for more?). the script is like a bad episode of the a-team, and the ladies' hairstyles come from the same era, so they look like school teachers instead of an advance team of murderous alien invaders. when we finally get to see what the aliens really look like, they're in suspended animation and never even get out of their boxes. the resolution of the story - traitor alien simply has a few words with invading fleet commander and without a second thought he heads home - is truly the sign of a writer who's never had an idea more complex than a saturday morning cartoon (i mean the bad ones with no plot, action, or characterization) in his or her life.but seriously, what is with the naked chick?! was it really just so they could justify putting flesh on the dvd cover to boost sales?

pyare mohan can be safely included in the blacklist of one of the worst-ever films made by mankind. the film, one of the many handicapped-people flicks that arose after the phenomenal success of black is makes a mockery of the handicapped fraternity. vivek oberoi and fardeen khan are mere caricatures of handicapped people. while black portrayed the poignancy and emotions of a handicapped woman and gave us a glimpse of her world, pyare mohan shows two desperado-like monkeys who have no qualms about being handicapped and bash up half of the world to protect their love interests. anu malik's music is fair enough. vivek oberoi who made a promising start with saathiya is sadly losing his balls quickly in hindi cinema. fardeen khan was never an acceptable actor and deserves to be banned from the film industry. amrita rao and esha deol are just pretty damsels in distress having nightmarish times in thialnd with no one to save them - except for the afore-mentioned desperados. boman irani, as the villainous don toni, is somewhat acceptable. avoid the film if possible.

within the first 17 minutes of director bradford may's "darkman iii: die darkman die", we have already been subjected to a silly recap and accompanying voice-over on the first two films, hilarious over-acting, about three minutes of footage simply ripped from the second film and re-edited slightly to seem like new footage, and a lengthy advertisement the scarred and tormented title character watches about universal theme parks- universal being the company that distributed this film. yes, "darkman iii: die darkman die" is quite the handful when it comes to cheap cash-ins on the success of a previous film.this time around, the disfigured anti-hero peyton westlake (aka, "darkman"; portrayed by "mummy" actor arnold vosloo) locks horns with evil crime-lord and lousy husband peter rooker (played in a brilliantly over-the-top performance by jeff fahey), and over the course of the 87 minute film grows to develop an affection for rooker's wife and daughter, once again learning to care for another person.blah. blah. blah.this film is basically just a silly way for the studio to make some more money off of sam raimi's original film, which i consider to be a great action-suspense film.oh yeah, and there are also a number of silly sub-plots, including a villainess who supposedly was one of the original doctors to save darkman following his scarring, and her seducing our hero into thinking she is an ally before revealing her nefarious plot to help rooker create more super-human powered thugs like darkman. apparently, she can't just do the same procedure on the thugs that she performed on darkman. why? i can't really explain it, because the movie certainly doesn't.there's also an assassination sub-plot involving a district attourney who is threatening to bring down rooker's organization, and some other very silly things going on.but it doesn't really add up. this film feels like two or three episodes of a television show edited together more than an actual film. the direction alternates between pretty good and downright sloppy (a scene where darkman rides his train-like vehicle and dodges a rocket-launcher is just plain silly), and the editing is a mixed-bag. the film just moves too quickly for anyone to really care what's going on. and without spoiling it, the final 15 minutes of this movie, and indeed, the entire series is just kinda... i dunno... another 15 minutes of mixed-bag footage.in fact, commenting on the editing, one of my favorite things in this film is watching for footage re-used from the previous films, and then looking for footage within this film that is repeated multiple times. yes, it's that cheap. it's one thing to do a re-cap at the beginning of the film, and maybe repeat a shot or two, but in the sheer volume they do it (minutes of footage repeated from previous films), it's just sloppy and amateurish.also, i have to say that darkman's psychedelic montage freak-outs are a bit overdone in this film. they are so stylized and overdone that they do work, but only in light doses and in proper context, as raimi did in the original film. here, there are at least four or five, and they feel very abrupt and out-of-place.that being said, the film is not without some good points. a few action scenes are well-done. the cliché story of darkman yearning for a real life works suitably for a direct-to-dvd feature. some of the acting is nice, particularly from rooker's wife, portrayed by the beautiful roxann dawson. also, while no danny elfman, composer randy miller composes some nice music that builds off of elfman's original themes.but overall, the film is too quick, cheap and silly to be taken seriously. arnold vosloo seems alternatively bored and exuberant from scene to scene, and fahey, while a joy to watch as an over-the-top villain, just doesn't quite fit in with the series.like "darkman ii", i would recommend this to fans of the original, who will surely get a laugh. otherwise, you need not apply. a four out of ten.

ok,but does that make this a good movie?well,not really,in my opinion.there isn't a whole lot to recommend it.i found it very slow,tediously,in fact.it's also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable,but not as much.i also felt this movie was quite campy at times,which i didn't really think fits this series and the character.jeff fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he's a decent enough actor,but i felt he played his character too over the top.i guess that fit with the tone of the movie,which would have been great if i had liked the movie.plus,there were some pretty bad one liners.arnold vosloo returns in the title role,but is given little to work with in this movie.the character has not really evolved,as i had hoped.oh well.this is just my opinion.anyway,for me,while this movie is not abysmal,it is pretty bad.my vote for darkman iii: 3.5/5

i wont take too much time here, just wanted to state that darkman 3 is awesome. i have all 3 on dvd, added these to my collection of dvd movie sets. darkman ranks up there with the best, like indiana jones, aliens, star wars, die hard, you get the point. there isn't too many good horror, thriller, sets out there. many thanks to the whole crew, and set for giving us the darkman trilogy. by the way if your wondering how i came across this one on dvd. i purchased it through the internet, it is however region 4, as you know most us dvd players are region 1. if you own a sony playstation 2, you have the best dvd player since it is an all region player. just go to set up then choose witch region setting you want ( 1-9 ).

this has to be the worst movie ever!!! the acting is scarier than the movie. lots of blood, but no idea where it comes from, cuz they don't even show you the cuts. i can't believe i wasted my time watching this movie. we laughed like we were watching a comedy and not a horror movie. this is a disgrace to horror films!!! for one if they are in asia why is there a white cop driving past waste management trash cans?! there's so much of another language that you don't even know what's going on half the time. the film editing is a joke, my teenager could do better. and if i went to a movie theater and that nasty old man was working the window that would be the first clue. do not watch this movie!!! not to even see how bad it is, you will be sorry you did!!

where to even start? the horrendous acting? the nonsensical plot? the bargain basement effects? the completely loathsome characters? the choppy editing? the headache-inducing casio keyboard score??? the embarrassingly racist remarks ("watch it, charlie!", "back off, jackie chan!!"??? the constant misogyny??? i am a lifelong horror fan, and i have no problem at all with the current "torture-thon" trend of movies. however, this is a poorly-made piece of garbage. i think i suffered more pain watching this than the characters did dying in it! if you like girls being forced to eat stir-fried penis, really poor soft core porn and think lines like "i'm gonna find that b**** and staple her c*** shut!!" are clever, live feed is for you.as for me, i feel the need to go wash my eyes out with oven cleaner to prevent from ever seeing this movie again!

i watched the unrated version of this film and realised about 30 minutes into it that i was never getting my time back. i persevered to the end hoping that the dialogue would improve, the martial arts would look realistic eventually, the special fx would actually look special. i was so wrong. i love horror, i am a complete gore hound. i number some of the eighties splatter flicks amongst the greats of the film world. this however was not made in the eighties, if this film had come out in the early eighties the fax could be forgiven for looking so bad. it wasn't so it hasn't got that defence. the dialogue is terrible with so many bad lines i was wincing at the writing rather than squirming at torture. i don't like hostel, never have, i thought it was over rated, over hyped and i felt nothing for the protagonists, however it shines as a beacon to greatness next to this garbage. the back of the cover for live feed promised a twist you would never see coming, i'm still waiting for the twist that was promised.

i'm all for a "bad" horror movie but this was just a pile of dog sh!t! how anyone can call this movie cool or decent is beyond me. if you like rushed editing to cover the special effects, bad acting and a bad script then go for it! there was no suspense whatsoever and the gore factor was laughable because it was so fake. i'll take hostel or wolf creek over this pile any day. my partner gave up after about 20 minutes, she knows a stinker when she sees one. i on the other hand stupidly sat through the whole movie just to wait and see if it got any better. no such luck! i haven't sen his other movie torched and i doubt if i'll bother now.

just watched it, me and my better half could not believe how awful and badly acted it was. if anyone else thinks its good then you must be easily pleased. i actually gave up a night out to watch this, its all been done before. ie. hostel springs to mind, but at least that did not make you cringe with the bad acting and lack of story line, same old stuff, re-hatched,i read so much about this film, i even recommended it to my mates, my fault,someone said it was good! no more gory,horror or reeling back in disgust than your average "scary movie" it has to be said, please don't bother with this movie. get mary poppins. now thats scary! i'm off out now, go to the cinema and watch something scarier than this, little miss sunshine maybe

this is the kind of movie that's so extremely bad that you cant stop watching it because you keep telling yourself that 'it cannot continue to be this crappy all the way to the end. it just cant'. you know, 'worse than jaws 4'-kind of bad.i honestly think i've only seen one movie that was worse than this, and then we're talking religious crap about how you'd end up in hell for lying or watching football.gore? indeed and lots of it. well made gore? no way.the acting is beyond bad and all the lines are lousy clichés. same goes for the storyline which only really consist of sex, blood and violence, like so many other gore movies.if you're hoping for a mix between ichi the killer and august underground keep looking. you wont find it in live feed.

first of all, this is a low-budget movie, so my expectations were incredibly low going into it. i assume most people looking at the info for this movie just wanted a bloodfest, and essentially that's all it is.plot? there really is none. it's basically saw but in china and a whole hell of a lot worse. cast? there is none, period. special effects? absolutely awful in my opinion... there were cutaways and the blood was often completely unbelievable because of amounts, splatter, color, texture, etc.i believe the purpose of this movie was supposed to be a brutal, shock film. now it had some great potential on a bigger budget but poor scripting, poor dialogue, awful acting, what seemed like camcorder video shots, and just plain unbelievable "gore," made this movie truly awful.there are movies worth taking a chance against some reviews, even "b-rate" movies deserve some opportunities (blood trails for example was the most recent i saw against reviews that was worth it), but this was simply awful. i hope that people considering this movie read my comment and decide against it.i'm all for brutality and shock, but the overall unrealism and truly awful acting makes for an awful experience. save your time/money and chance something else, you won't be disappointed.

this is one of the worst films i've seen in years!! you could randomly pluck 5 people off the streets and they could act better than anyone in this film. absolute waste of time watching it. i only gave it a 2 as i like gory films but this is just plain rubbish. the acting (and i use that term very loosely) is abysmal, someone please tell me that the 5 main actors in this were making their first ever film?? don't waste your time watching this. hostel was a better film by some way. i cannot believe that someone has spent money making this, i hope for the producers sake it only cost $50,000 to make - it looks like a school project, made by kids who haven't got a clue. did this even make it to the cinema??

first of all, the actor they have to play jesus has blue eyes... half the actors they have playing jews have blue eyes. aren't there enough brown-eyed actors out there? jesus being depicted as having blue eyes is one of my pet peeves. he was a full-blooded jew! second of all, what is it with old english-language movies that are supposed to take place in non-english-speaking countries, and everybody has english accents? (another example is david lean's "dr. zhivago".) aren't there enough either jewish actors or actors who can do a israeli accent? the movie often is not true to the scriptures, and so seems to doubt the legitimacy of jesus's claim to be the messiah. in the bible, when jesus is baptized by john, a voice comes from heaven saying "this is my beloved son, in whom i am well pleased" (matthew 3:17, mark 1:11, luke 3:22). in the movie, john the baptist says this! the screenwriter seems to be trying to portray the believers as crazy, as well. for example, in the bible, the angel gabriel tells mary she will become pregnant with the son of god (luke 1:26-38), but in the movie, we do not see or hear any angel - mary appears to be talking to a moonbeam, and when mary's mother hears her talking to someone and peeks in on her, she doesn't hear or see anyone either. also, in the movie, when jesus is speaking to the pharisees in the temple in jerusalem, he says, "you shall not see me here again, not until you learn to cry, 'blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord', for i and my father are one and the same." the correct line (matthew 23:39 and luke 13:35)is "you will not see me again until you say, 'blessed is he who comes in the name of the lord.'" period. jesus never claimed to be god. the movie cuts out a lot of important parts (the sermon on the mount is very expurgated), but then spends a lot of time on stuff that isn't even in the bible (a whole scene with mary magdalene talking with a john). it seems like the screenwriter, instead of wanting to do a movie version of the scriptures, wanted to make a movie about what he thinks might have really happened behind (and between) the scenes. the movie has one gem though - during the scene where jesus tells the parable of the prodigal son, at matthew the tax collector's house, i had tears streaming down my face. it is the best movie i've seen about jesus's ministry (but that isn't saying much, because the others are just terrible). "jesus christ superstar" is my favourite movie about jesus's last days ("the passion of the christ" is way too graphic), though i like how "jesus of nazareth", instead of just ending with jesus's death, continues on and shows his resurrection.

i just have to add, in case anyone actually reads this and hasn't completely gotten the point yet. these other reviewers aren't joking around, this really is the worst colour movie you're likely to ever see. when the movie started i couldn't believe something like this actually made it out for the world to see.they're not just saying it when they said it looks like a home movie. it really does. like the "director" took the family hi8 camcorder (before dv cameras and computer non-linear editing), no other equipment (lights, sound gear, etc), grabbed some decent-looking acting students, and went out to shoot a movie. no script, just making it up as he went along.when i watched it, it was on my mono tv, so i only have one channel of audio (left of right speaker). at first i thought i'd hooked it up wrong. the movie was silent until someone spoke a couple of minutes in. i got up and switched over to the other channel and suddenly i could hear music and sound effects but then couldn't hear the dialog. they recorded the sound on different bloody channels! i mean, there's movies that can be funny to watch, so bad they're good, kind of thing. i'm not sure this is one of those. i mean, i'll admit to being a bit of a budding film maker. and seeing bad movies just makes you want to go out there and prove you can do it better, you know. but watching this just made me feel sorry for whoever made it.as bad as they were, the actors are the only good thing about this. i thought the chick was hot and was disappointed in the brevity of her bath scene. a bit of t and a from her would have raised the score from nothing to maybe a 3 or 4. but alas, no. if you want to make a movie but it's turning out crap, throw in some gratuitous nudity. worked for roger corman.

i saw this movie a few days ago... what the hell was that?i like movies with brian o'halloran, they are funny and enjoyable. when i saw a name of this title and genre i thought great, this one could be really good... some parody for slashers or another gore movies... but.. then i read a preview and thought right it could be good anyway... but it wasn't...my opinion: if like movies they look little bit like documentary, with little bit of comedy try some moore's movies or alien autopsy, they are really about something. this one was empty. and put a comedy to title... no comment... really bad joke

i really wanted to like this movie and watched all the way through thinking it had to get better. don't get me wrong, it's not the worst flick ever but it never lives up to it's potential. the premise is good, the cast is great (i was especially pumped to witness the return of david naughton) and, god love 'em, you can tell everyone tried their best. it just falls short over and over again. "brutal massacre" should serve as a constant reminder to filmmakers that only christopher guest can do christopher guest movies and, despite the fact he makes it look easy, you should probably just forget trying to do the same. naughton and brian o'halloran are fantastic in this and they should be seen more often...they are the reason this gets 4 stars from me. if you're going to have the "spinal tap" of horror i suspect you might want the guy who made "spinal tap" to helm it...just thinking out loud there.

roman polanski has made many, many movies that are unexceptional. his fame bewilders me. nothing stands out as a high point except chinatown (i haven't seen 'knife in the water' or 'tess'). any contribution he's made to film concluded more than twenty years ago; his work is just embarrassing, safe and/or dull (the pianist, frantic, oliver twist, the ninth gate, pirates).r's baby must have signified the end of the establishment at the time it came out. it's lux-produced and fairly high concept for a 1968 'horror' movie (never show the baby). but this is just misconceived horror sap. everything is arty to the point that the plot line becomes hopelessly clear very early (um, thanks for that finale-destroying title), and on a clear day you can see the twist ending coming for days. it did not sustain my interest. i find that whatever this movie might have been, it is utterly derailed by the 1960's version of what femininity was. farrow is such a chronic distracted, helpless waif/housewife. her frailty is oversold... she's irritating in the extreme. there's no real ideas in it... nothing to consider except being the mother of the devil.the dakota is barely exploited for it eerie potential.

lesbian vampire film about a couple on holiday who are staying on the grounds of what they think is an empty manor house but is really being used as a pair of lesbian vampires. as the vampires bring in the occasional victim the couple go about their business until the two groups come crashing together.great looking film with two very sexy women as the vampires there is nothing beyond the eye candy that they provide to recommend this cult film. yes its a sexy vampire story. no it is not remotely interesting beyond the women. to be honest there is a reason that i've been seeing stills of this film in horror books and magazines it looks great, but other than that...for those who want to see sexy vampires only.

yes, this is one of those movies, so terrible, so insipid, so trite, that you will not be able to stop laughing. i have watched comedies, good comedies, and laughed less than my wife and i laughed at this movie. the other comments give the idea well enough. the characters are so unpleasant you cheer the rats on, the effects are so poorly done you wonder whose elementary school art class was in charge, the acting-- oh the acting-- talk about tired dialogue and embarrassing pauses.but the rat, yes, the big rat. why we didn't get to see the rat until the end rather surprised me. often the 'big one' isn't shown until the end because the budget is limited and good effects chew up so much money. i surmise, however, that in this case the big rat was hidden until the end because the filmmakers were ashamed that the best they had was a guy running around dressed up like a woodchuck with third-world dentistry.the most sublime part of the whole movie is the elevator scene. after figuring out that the rats couldn't stand loud noise (migraines from the bad acting?), the main dude rigs up a fire alarm to send the rats into a frenzy. if you've ever wanting to see a pair of rats waltz while blood squirts out of their heads like a geyser, this film is for you. really, you need to rent it and see for yourself.but not for more than 99¢, ok?

i enjoy quality crapness, and this ranks up there with some of the finest. the cg is out of this world, or at least pre-dates our world, and the insanity of a 6 foot bloke in a rat outfit chasing after people is laughably bad. i quite enjoyed some of this, but the acting is so goddamn awful, and even the obligatory nude scene doesn't really have any baps out in it. just a complete waste of time if ever i saw one. i don't know who wasted more time, me watching this, or the poor saps who got dragged into making it in the faint hope that this will launch their acting careers. i can assure you, it wont. however, on a brighter note, i have managed to successfully do the 6 degrees of kevin bacon from this movie, so i think it was almost worthwhile watching the 91 minutes of it.

nell shipman must have been paid a hefty sum of money to promote the maxwell automobile's off-road capabilities. the plot of the movie is pretty simple, nell plays a writer who has a bad case of writer's block, and needs inspiration, so she goes to visit mexico to absorb the atmosphere. there she meets the hero (bert van tuyle), a cowboy who chooses to drive a car rather than ride a horse. while nell is visiting with her father's partner at his mining camp, a gang of local bandits kidnap her and bring her to their camp deep in the wilderness. the hero needs to get to her quickly, so he decides to drive there in his car. this is where the film takes a weird twist. bert proceeds to drive over every terrain imaginable, huge rocks, small streams, heavy brush, scraggly tree stumps, steep inclines, etc etc, for the greater part of the film we get to see this car struggling to crawl over obstacles. now mind you, this isn't a modern-day atv, it's a 1920 maxwell automobile, so it looks very out-of-place as an off-road vehicle. and it clearly has limitations for some of the terrain it encounters, we get to see it stuck more than once in this film. but the filmmakers made an effort to show it beating the odds and eventually passing all the obstacles. once the hero gets to the hidden camp and rescues the girl, he jumps in the car with her and drives off with the bandits in hot pursuit (on horseback), and at this point it became hysterically funny to me. watching this car slowly rolling over huge rocks, getting stuck in gravel and mountain brush, going forward and back to get momentum enough to pass over fallen tree limbs, the bandits should have had ample time to catch up. but they never do, even though we are to believe this wilderness chase goes on throughout the night. and in a silly climax, the car climbs a mountainside, and helps nell and the hero push a huge boulder down the side to crush the pursuing bandits.after seeing this film you would think the army should invest in 1920 maxwell automobiles because they clearly have better off-road capabilities than hummers and bradley tanks combined. watch this film just for laughs, it's worth it just to see nell cuddling up to the car grill and saying "you did your best, brave little car"

being a fan of silent films, i looked forward to seeing this picture for the first time. i was pretty disappointed. as has been mentioned, the film seems to be one long, long, commercial for the maxwell automobile. perhaps if the chase scene was about half the length that it is, i may have enjoyed the film more. but it got old very fast. and while i recognize that reality is stretched many times in films, without lessening a viewer's enjoyment, what was with the mexican bandits? i mean, they are chasing a car through the mountains, a car that most of the time is moving at about one mile per hour, yet they can't catch up to it?

nell shipman attempted a plot to lead up to a chase finale in 'back to god's country' of the previous year, and she failed miserably. this time, she does better, although it seems pointless. 'something new' hardly has a plot lying outside of the chase. there's a brief premise, which sets up the hero (co-author and shipman's boyfriend) to have to save the girl (played by shipman), then it's nothing but an exciting, implausible chase from there. of course, it plays out like an hour-long advertisement for a maxwell sedan, but the entire movie is congruously ridiculous. it doesn't seem that she learned much from the last-minute rescue films of d.w. griffith or its parodies by mack sennett and other comedians, which she's imitating.one point of interest is that shipman writes and directs herself into the film as the writer of the film's story, which has as its protagonist a writer (shipman again), although she doesn't do much else clever or humorous with it, even though she attempts to. again, others had pioneered the writer's joke in the intertitles, like anita loos with 'wild and woolly' or frances marion with 'a girl's folly' (both 1917). at least, shipman gives the impression that she doesn't take herself or the film seriously--and neither do i. 'something new,' despite its claim, is hackneyed.

the opening 5 minutes gave me hope. then meyers proved he only had one good idea for the rest of the movie. absolute lowest common denominator humor. painful viewing. a complete chore. written no doubt in less than a week, just like the first one. give meyers the hook and lock him in a cell with adam sandler and will farrell. and don't let him out until he's developed a decent script for something, anything. he has it in him. these austin powers things are just embarrassing. let goldmember sink without trace.

this film is not even worth walking to the movie theatre. no jokes, but stupid and boring laughing on repeated disgusting stuff. the music and the girls are great, unfortunately you have to watch the whole movie to enjoy them. it was weak, very very weak.

possible spoilersthe spy who shagged me is a muchly overrated and over-hyped sequel. international man of mystery came straight out of the blue. it was a lone star that few people had heard of. but it was stunningly original, had sophisticated humour and ample humour, always kept in good taste, and had a brilliant cast. the spy who shagged me was a lot more commercially advertised and hyped about.ok i'll admit, the first time i saw this film i thought it was very funny, but it's only after watching it two or three times that you see all the flaws. the acting was ok, but heather graham cannot act. her performance didn't seem very convincing and she wasn't near as good as liz hurley was in the first one. those characters who bloomed in the first one, (scott evil, number 2 etc.) are thrown into the background hear and don't get many stand-alone scenes. the film is simply overrun with cameos.in particular, i hated the way they totally disregarded some of the scenes in imom. when they killed off vanessa at the start and had basil sat that he knew she was a fembot all along. what was the point of that? they killed off number 2 in the first one, and now they bring him back with no explanation whatsoever. this is supposed to be a spy-spoof, i don't think any of the characters even hold a gun in the film. it just goes on a trail, further and further away from the point.the new characters are very unwelcome. the whole mini-me `make fun of my size' joke gets old very quickly. fat bastard is just a lame excuse for gross-out humour. in total there's about two or three good jokes. the rest are either tasteless or rehashed from imom.if this were the first movie of the series then i'd probably be easier on it. but the series started on a note of dry wit and then plummeted down to a level of gross out humour. so i say, only watch this film if you haven't seen its predecessor, because the spy who shagged me is one ultimate disappointment.

having enjoyed mike myers previous work (waynes world and saturday night live) my expectations of a 60s bond spoof were fairly high. it became plain after the first minute that this was an exercise in how to be as puerile and unfunny as possible. i swit ched off after ten minutes. i watched it the other day a second time to see whether i had been unfair the first time. i switched it off after ten minutes. i find it hard to believe how even a twelve year-old boy could find this funny. the dialogue is an e mbarrassment, myers is painful to watch (as is heather graham) and the succession of characters including fat bastard makes matters even worse. apart from the mildly amusing title and the psychedelic set design this is one of the worst films i have ever seen. i personally recommend you avoid this like the plague, though several friends of mine enjoyed it (maybe they were blindfolded at the time).º

the concept was ok but hardly original. the acting was plastic. but the real spoiler was that there was only one joke and a grubby one at that. this is a film for fourteen year olds who have been let out on their own for the first time. don't dare to watch it with your kids.

this movie is truly boring. it was banned in chinese cinema and i can see why. it's not because it's critical of the communist regime but simply because the movie is of such low quality. i would never want to pay money to watch this. i love movies from chen kaige and zhang yimou and i am disappointed such a poor movie could come out of china. it totally seems to ignore the audience and the director seems to have made the movie for himself. the shots of a person standing there doing nothing for up to a minute are hilarious and there's plenty of them. the cinematography and video quality are unbelievably bad. i looked this film up on the net and it seems like people actually like this film. the only explanation i have for this is that some film buffs think that if a film is not in english it is automatically good. i can't see any reason why people would like this. this is not an art film it's of waste of celluloid.(that's if they actually shot it on film , which they didn't)

i have seen many, many films from china - and hong kong. this is the worst. no, the worst one was 'unknown pleasures'. i watched 'platform' yesterday evening and thought that jia zhang ke's other two films must be better. this evening i was disappointed again. i will not be watching 'xiao wu' tomorrow evening because i have just placed all three films in the bin! whoever gave this film, 'platform' ten out of ten, needs to watch more cinema! the photography was very poor: it was very difficult to differentiate between some of the characters because of the lack of close-up work. the storyline was so disjointed that i fast-forwarded it towards the end out of pure frustration. i would not recommend this film to anyone. give me zhang yimou or chen kage any day. these are true masters of chinese cinema, not pretentious con men!

the excruciatingly slow pace of this film was probably the director's express intention, in order to convey what life was like growing up as a village teen in china. however, i found the combination of the glacially slow 'plot' and the general filming style so impersonal as to be totally alienating, particularly to a western audience. at times i actually had trouble telling some characters apart, as they were filmed from such a distance. two hours in and i was totally past caring. as someone who is not only interested in music but is also very into the history and culture of china (and is by the way no stranger to chinese cinema), i couldn't engage with a single character and found nothing to get my teeth into. it begs the question: if i disliked it, who on earth would like it? give me zhang yimou, give me chen kaige. give me the work of just about any other chinese director i've ever seen. this sorry effort just doesn't measure up at all. i'd be sorry to see chinese cinema judged against this benchmark.

this movie wants to elaborate that criminals are a product of modern society. therefore, can thieves, rapists and murderers (the killer of this movie, carl panzram (james woods), is all three and worse) be held fully accountable for their deeds? an interesting notion, but very difficult to bring to the screen in an intellectually and emotionally satisfying way. and this is where killer: a journal of murder falls very short. although the film tries to put panzram's behaviour into perspective, with flashbacks to his violent youth and dysfunctional upbringing, the viewer never gets the idea that panzram is a victim rather than a culprit. sure, the system is corrupt, with one mobster occupying the whole sick bay of leavenworth prison (where most of the movie takes place), most prison guards are sadistic bullies, and the prison director something like a megalomaniacal despot. but why on earth does new prison guard henry lesser (robert sean leonard) take such pity on panzram? even after having read his gruesome diaries? the movie offers some explanation: lesser witnesses panzram being beaten to a pulp by the most sadistic (and stereotypical) guard, and is impressed by panzram's intelligence (though it isn't clear why exactly lesser thinks this man is so smart). surely this isn't enough to sympathize with a hostile man like panzram, even though this movie tends to downplay his crimes and highlight his personality? towards lesser, panzram is quite loyal, and the viewer is given the impression that for lesser this outweighs all of the atrocities he has read about in panzram's diaries. does this man lesser have so little friends that he takes at face value everyone who seems only remotely friendly to him? perhaps it is lesser who is a product of modern society, judging on appearance rather than substance.i can advise monster, starring charlize theron and christina ricci, as a movie which handles roughly the same themes with far more integrity and scope.btw: killer looks as though shot for tv (not so good)

carl panzram lived an amazing life and scribbled down his memoirs on scraps of paper for possibly the only person who ever did anything selfless for him. the book "panzram: a journal of murder" by thomas e. gaddis and james o. long, which came out the better part of a century after panzram's death, gives the historical context to a first-generation american's account of running away from home to go west and be a cowboy, getting caught, thrown in the boy's home, getting away repeatedly and thrown into prison over and over all the time getting tortured and sodomized. as panzram grew huge and strong, he sought to take revenge for the wrong done to him as he traveled to south america, europe and africa, and it didn't matter what people he raped, robbed, or murdered because we are all equally worthless.this film casts skinny james woods as the rough neck, mean-ass, son of a bitch carl panzram who in the film is a "drunk", overly-dramatic and emotional, and who never mentions the joy of sodomizing men and boys. the film neither elaborates on anything else particularly of note about this world traveler and career prisoner (like robbing former president taft or being released from the oregon prison as long as he gave his word to return). in short, i don't think carl would be too happy.

i rented this movie yesterday and can hardly express my disappointment in little laura ingalls for getting involved in something so poorly produced. i am not sure if it was horrible writing or bad directing or both but it leaves a viewer very disappointed in having wasted the time to watch this swill. it consisted of a weak naive story line, very poor lines, and relied solely on pretty scenery, and pretty people to sell it. unfortunately this was not enough. you would be better off to rent a tape full of static than to waste your time on this crap. lindsey wagner also played a pretty pathetic part as a ranch owner who apparently works very hard doing nothing, anybody who has ever been near a ranch knows that this was obviously written by a young person from los angeles and not someone with much knowledge of the world.

the best thing about camp films in general is that you know what to expect. it's like watching a professional wrestling match or a day time soap opera or a jerry springer show: you immediately can follow the skimpy plot, identify the cardboard characters, and watch in satisfaction while all the cliches are being fulfilled. however, at times, the director does something real unexpected. it may be something extraordinarily stupid, or something weird, or something insightful. the director makinen is up there with the best camp directors, and this is his best movie.in yon saalistajat, everything seems to come together. there's nothing good about it, but still manages to be a coherent whole. not once does the movie slow down - the action flows on and punches keep on coming.the weirdest thing is that there's no sense of time: some characters seem to take months doing something while other characters have only spent one hour at a bar. this is partially due to finnish summer where the sun never sets, so you don't experience the day turning into a night at all.finally: there is a plot, there, somewhere. you may have to watch the movie three times before you realize it, though.

this is a classic stinker with a big named cast, mostly seniors who were well past their prime and bedtime in this one.this is quite a depressing film when you think about it. remain on earth, and you will face illness and eventually your demise.gwen verndon showed that she could still dance. too bad the movie didn't concentrate more on that. maureen stapleton, looking haggard, still displayed those steps from "queen of the star dust ballroom," so much more down to earth from 10 years earlier.i only hope that this film doesn't encourage seniors to commit mass suicide on the level of jim jones. how can anyone be idiotic enough to like this and say it gets you to think?why did don ameche win an oscar for this nonsense?if the seniors were doing such a wonderful thing at the end, why was the youngster encouraged to get off the boat? why did steve guttenberg jump ship as well? after all, he had found his lady-love. this would have been a nice film if the seniors had just managed to find their fountain of youth on earth and stay there.sadly, with the exception of wilford brimley, at this writing, vernon, gilford, stapleton, ameche, tandy, cronyn and lord knows who else are all gone. the writers should have taken the screenplay and placed it with this group as well.

i didn't agree with any of the theology in the left behind series, but nonetheless i found the books gripping and i read 8 of 12 of them. undeniably good writing and interesting story. however, i didn't have very high expectations for the movie. there was no way mainstream hollywood would have taken up a christian series and produced a big-budget movie. so it was done independently... and it just felt like i was watching a really long tv show. it just didn't feel like a movie; it didn't have that movie "experience" to it, if anybody knows what i'm talking about. so the movie suffered because of that, and the low-budget, poor special effects were another detraction for me.on top of that, i feel that gordon currie was woefully miscast as nicolie carpathia. reading the book, my impression of nc was that he was supposed to be this charming, dazzling, amazingly handsome guy who spoke english with almost zero trace of an accent. so i imagined somebody like pierce brosnan in the role. instead, they found some clay aiken pencil-neck who looks like an employee of the month from best buy, and gave him a really bad fake accent. so that lost a few stars for me right there. a movie is just not convincing when the major villain doesn't look or sound the way he's supposed to.the acting was okay, but nothing to write home about. some of the scenes - like one of the conversion scenes (can't remember which one) - were real seat-squirmers for me. and some of the christian rock music or whatever it was, was really out of place for some of the scenes, like in the one with kirk cameron praying in the bathroom.in short, it wasn't a bad movie, but it just didn't do it for me. stick to the book, folks, it's much better.

surprisingly enough does movie does have some redeeming quality in it when it moves toward its end. for the other part this movie is being a really bad and lame one, with a small budget, insultingly bad written script and everything that goes with it.it's silly that with all the money going around in the christian circles they never can seem to get sufficient funds to make a decent movie with. i'm not a religious, so i couldn't care less really but film-making does some like a good tool to reach a new audience for churches and getting people more interested and curious in reading the bible for instance. in that regard these movies always seem like a wasted opportunity.the low budget does really hurt the movie and brings it down. it makes the movie laughable to watch with its effects and it just gives the overall movie a campy b-movie like feeling.but what's hurting this movie more is its writing. the stuff that just happens in this movie is just insulting to the intelligence and then i'm not even complaining or talking about the religious aspects of the whole story. the way the movie progresses is just so improbable and the people within this movie do such highly unlikely things that it's being insulting to its viewers.i also hated how the movie was being like a soap opera at times. seemed to me that they simply had a hard time turning this into a full length movie and they added in some characters and dramatic developments just to fill things up. i just couldn't cared less really at times.still it needs to be said that the movie gets more solid and steady toward its end, when its story gets more focused on its essence. still it remains predictable all but it prevented this movie from being a complete wreck to watch and as far as these type of movies are concerned, there are far worser one to watch out there, though i don't think this movie will win over any new souls.4/10

if i could say it was better than gymkata, i at least felt my money was not totally wasted.then i saw steven segal's on deadly ground.this movie should see a resurrection though on mst 3k. if santa claus conquers the martians could make tom servo's head explode, one wonders what mayhem this movie could cause.there is a very good reason why kurt thomas never had a movie career.the writers of this dreck should be forced to wear placards every day of their lives that say "bitch slap me! i was a writer on gymkata."

america needs the best man possible to win "the game" so who do they hire? a gymnast (oh brother!) played by kurt thomas who has the necessary skills to win in a game which involves ninjas, a village of crazies and richard norton who is told by kurt thomas "to keep his hardware in his pants." (his exact words) i missed this in theaters and it's a good reason because i would have probably been kicked out due to the laughing i broke into at regular intervals. the first thing that went through my mind was just how lame these ninjas are if a gymnast can kick their ass. kurt thomas is like 5 foot 4 and he hardly strikes one as "the best man for the job" as to the acting talent of kurt thomas, well if you can't say something nice... in all seriousness though one has to wonder how much cocaine was being used to furnish an idea so stupid. only the decision to cast tara reid as a scientist tops the dumbness here. for 18 years though this held the title of the dumbest movie i had ever seen. not to say i didn't find this unwatchable, i was laughing so hard i almost choked to death. twice. only in the 80's could a movie with such a bad idea get made. although for the record it is the only movie to ever feature a hero so wimpy, he can't even pull a wedged sword out from the ground. this is the wimpiest action movie ever made, and one of the most hilarious also.* out of 4-(bad)

buck's role as the kahn brings to mind bob barker (of the price is right) running a country the same way he runs his show. but there's lots more to chuckle and snort through in this turkey. kurt thomas as the baby-faced "hero" displays some considerable acrobatic skills, but not a whit of acting talent whatsoever. there's a few spooky moments (in the village of crazies, mostly), and some mildly impressive martial arts sequences. but any given "ninja" movie will give you much more entertainment, and you won't feel as guilty about laughing.

whew. what can be said about gymkata that hasn't already? this is nothing but pure halarity from beginning to end. if you want a movie that will keep you on the floor laughing, this is the perfect movie to get. from cabot's wild-style mullet/sweater combo to parmistan (and it's four billion assorted ninjas), everything about this film reeks of crap.directed by robert clouse, the infamous mind that brought you the mirror scene in bruce lee's game of death, he once again showcases his complete lack of directing talent. a few other faces you most likely won't recognize will appear for your enjoyment as well, from buck kartalian to tadashi yamashita, although you won't remember them or care about them after the movie is done.supposedly based on a book called "the terrible game," which, if i could find a single trace of it's existence anywhere i would be interested in reading it, to see where this thing went wrong. instead, the book apparently is a figment of gymkata's imagination. probably something clouse made up in order to sell his lame idea.pick this one up and yakmallah it for yourself. it is easily one of the best bad movies i have ever seen, and that is saying quite a bit.

this movie was god-awful, from conception to execution. the us needs to set up a "star wars" site in this remote country? this is their premise? the way to gain access, the us concludes, is to win an obstacle course like cross-country race, where the winner can ask anything of the leader. and who better to win this race known as the "game" than a gymnast? of course! a gymnast would be the perfect choice for this mission. and don't forget that his father was an operative. lucky for our hero, there happen to be gymnastic equipment in fortunate spots, like the stone pommel horse in the middle of a square (for no reason) amidst crazy town. perfect.but above and beyond the horrible, horibble premise, is the awkward fumblings of the romantic scenes, the obviously highly depressed ninjas whose only job seems to be holding a flag to point out the race path, and the worst climax ever. after winning the race, our hero puts forth the wishes of the us government. and lo and behold, all the effort was worth it, because the us gets its "star wars" site! huzzah! this is your triumphant ending?! wow.but still, being such a bad movie, it can be great fun to watch. the cover alone, depicting ninjas with machine guns, was enough to get me to rent this film.but if i were ever to meet kurt thomas (the gymnast-star) in real life, i would probably kick him in the face after a double somersault with 2 1/2 twists in the layout position.

thank g_d it bombed, or we might get treated to such delights as "skate fu" where we can see the likes of brian boitano performing a triple lutz & slashing bad guys to ribbons with his razor-sharp skates, but i digress. one thing that could have helped this turkey would have been a little t & a from ms. agbayani. it's not like the world would have seen anything new (at least that part of the world who saw her playboy spread.) i truly believe that porn would have suited her 'talents' much better, although aubrey hepburn couldn't have stayed afloat in this sewer. one explanation for kurt thomas' presence could be a traumatic brain injury, possibly from coming up short too often on dismounts. it's a good thing the ioc wasn't as diligent on 'doping' as they are now, or kurt would surely have been stripped of his medals. to be avoided at all costs.

this movie is hilarious. the problem is that it's not a comedy. one classic scene involves kurt thomas just happening to find a pommel-horse in the middle of a village square (which he uses to pummel the bad guys.) another is the trek into the "village of crazies." too bad this movie wasn't made to be a farce, or it may have gotten better ratings.

one night i was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and "gymkata" happened to be on; i watched way too much of it. it is indeed hilarious, and horrifying, really. think about it this way--if in your job you had an idea for something this bad and went on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this, how long exactly would you last? not as long as this movie. it's a must-see, obviously.

gymkata is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever made. but not the bad kind of bad movies. this one is so awful it's fun to watch and laugh. kurt thomas clearly does not have a lucrative career in acting. he should go back to gymnastics. but who can forget such memorable scenes as the high bar with chalk, the stone pommel horse or the five minute chase scene through the village of the crazies in slow motion. i don't think it was meant to be this bad, but who can tell. it's not art, but if you want something lite and fluffy that will make a good conversation, rent gymakta. makes for an evening of fun.

this is indeed quite the strange movie... first, we have an ex-u.s.-gymnast trying to turn actor (or something), and this seems to be the only role he ever got (that i know of anyway) -- and for good reason. while he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest, it is a rather bland and flat performance. second, we have the worst ever sound effects ever used in a movie!!! i'm not kidding. this alone makes the movie extremely comical, but in that annoying way. hehe and third, while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast (including the required hot chick!), an actually not-so-bad story, and some cool visuals; the dialogue, fight scenes involving gymnastics (hilarious!), and overall execution of the plot are weak. this movie would have been barely better as a network tv movie (too bad fox wasn't around in 1985). it's one of those movies that's simply bad, yet you can't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it, especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night tv and cable.

ironically, although he can do the "splits", thomas is a complete stiff as an actor. this film is seared into my memory as one of the most side-splittingly cheesy and incompetent movies i have ever seen. as such, i'm actually rather fond of it. still,the only reason this gets more than one star is that thomas is great shape, and it's fun to see his tiny, muscular body performing various feats of gymnastic skill on the oddly shaped rocks and poles scattered about the east european country side (including the infamous "pommel horse" shaped well cap in the middle of a village square that thomas uses to plant his feet in the faces of various insane villagers). but let the poor guy open his mouth and try to emote, and any illusion that he might have a film career is immediately dashed to bits. thomas at least had the excuse that he wasn't really an actor. everyone else in the film - actors, director, editor, camera guys, etc. is at least as bad, or even worse, and most of them are professionals. so kurt doesn't come off quite as badly as you might think. i hope poor kurt took the money and ran. if anyone ever asks him to perform in a martial arts film again, i'll bet that thomas kicks the guy in the face.

although i had seen "gymkata" in a theater way back in '85, i couldn't remember anything of the plot except for vague images of kurt thomas running and fighting against a backdrop of stone walls and disappointment regarding the ending.after reading some of the other reviews i picked up a copy of the newly released dvd to once again enter the world of gymkata.it turns out this is one of those films produced during the '80s that would go directly to video today. the film stars champion gymnast kurt thomas as jonathan cabot, recruited out of the blue to infiltrate the nation of "parmistan" to enter and hopefully win "the game," a suicidal bloodsport sponsored by the khan who encourages his people by yelling what sounds like "yak power." the goal of the mission involves the star wars defense system. jonathan is trained in the martial arts by princess rubali, who never speaks or leaves the house. once trained tries to blend in with the locals by wearing a bright red sweater with dashes of blue and white. needless to say cabot finds himself running and fighting for his life along the stone streets of parmistan, on his way to a date with destiny, and the game.star, kurt thomas was ill served by director robert clouse, who it looks like was never on the set. the so called script is just this side of incompetent. see other reviews for the many howlers throughout. the town of crazies has a few good moments, but is ultimately ruined by bad editing. the ending...meh. still there's the germ of a good action adventure here. a hong kong version with more visceral action and faster pace might even be pretty good.

how this movie escaped the wrath of mst3k i'll never know. "gymkata" is a ridiculous action movie, filled (or is that empty?) with paper-thin plots, dumb characters, and preposterous situations. but take it from me, if you enjoy watching poor, yet goofy, movies, you will enjoy "gymkata" a great deal.the action centers around a gymnast who is chosen by government agents (at least i think they were government agents) to become a spy. you see his dad was another quasi-government agent, who has gone missing competing in this game, called, eloquently, "the game." so the gymnast (played blandly by kurt thomas) trains to compete in this game and find out what happened to his lost dad.sounds promising doesn't it? okay, so it doesn't but still, that bare bones plot sypnopsis doesn't begin to describe the joys of this movie. they can be found in the movie's strange details. like the gymnast's mysterious asian girlfriend, who doesn't speak for the first half hour of the movie, then all of a sudden begins to talk, and doesn't shut up for the rest of the time! or the really tough shirtless bad guy who likes to make and break "the game"'s non-existent rules whenever he so pleases. and of course there's our hero's delightful romp through the "village of the crazies" (evidently that's the place's real name!). nice place to visit, but i wouldn't want to live there.but where this movie really shines is the action scenes. since our protagonist is a gymnast, the director thought it wise to stick gymnastic equipment into the back alleys and town squares of middle eastern cities, so that our gymkata master would be better able to use his gymnast skills to fight the scourge of evil on parallel bars and pummel horses. it has to be seen to be believed.one interesting thing of note. a lot, i'd say about half the cast, dies from being shot with an arrow. interesting because the arrows are the only believable effects or action in the entire movie. if these were indeed effects, my one major note of compliment to whoever devised these very realistic arrows wounds. more likely, this was the film's way of not paying extras. nevertheless, "gymkata" deserves a look if you can see it without paying and are looking for some silliness that is an easy target for riffing.

i really don't get all the adulation that this film has received. it's mawkish, unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie nash's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places. that, i suppose, in the context of a commercial hollywood film is just about tolerable, but what's with all the praise for russell crowe's performance? the man just seems to shuffle about, clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting? anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that crowe's performance is little short of caricature. it is also rather offensive. and, dare i say, just on the right side of being truly terrible

first off, the movie was not true to facts at all. i just saw the documentary a few days earlier and the movie wasn't anything like it. first of all nash was a genius at mathematics and this is what the movie should have been about not a story about a man who was cured and who found love at the end and so on. also there are a lot of scenes that were just plain wrong - the scene where he rode around with a bike at the campus happened in his early university years not after it. in my opinion russell crowe didn't fit to this part at all since he doesn't look the intelligent/individualist type, therefore he really couldn't play one. it would have been great if it would have focused more on the mathematics (similar to pi) and not the over-dramatized lovelife. at this level abm was too hollywood-ish and too superficial to be great. personally i think he wasn't mad nor paranoid and he was onto something since people of that caliber tend to know more than we "lesser mortals". 5/10

i will spend a few days dedicated to ron howard before i swear off his work entirely. having, unfortunately, dealt with lucas at such a young age, howard is now caught up in so many of lucas' traits. how else do you explain his rampage of disasters? his only useful film, of course, has been 'willow'. everything else, including this, is too reliant on superficial junk.some spoilers.he can't even have semi-intelligent focus like peter weir. no, poor howard so stuck on his spielbergian knockoff qualities that he will be quickly forgotten. here we have the old adage: "love conquers all, even disease." too bad for howard that lynch already got through the whole subtext with more skill. heck, even disney did better than this. ron even goofs up on the possibilities presented by imagined realities.howard's commentary track is just awful. don't even rent the dvd.final analysis = = cinematic dud

i saw this movie with the intention of not liking it. i sure didn't. it's one of those movies that seems to have been made exclusively for the oscars: music throughout the film in almost every single frame, almost no profanity, set in a time long gone, sepia-toned imagery, pretentious title, no sex, and a genius that explains everything he thinks and concludes in sfx/cgi so that we (the stupid audience) get it. one thing that amused me though is the fact that they spelled the nobel price wrong! instead they call the nobel-price (named after an actual person called alfred nobel) 'the noble-price'.. jesus! how can one make such a mistake in such a big production, supposedly based on a true story. what a sham! what were you and the others thinking ron?

... and in *no way* as clean, logical, and understandable as in pictured in that pathetic sum of tired hollywood cliches.i'm 27, and i've spent 16 years of my life struggling through delusional phobia and paranoid hallucinations. like the main character in the film, i was successful mainly because of logic : because i kept thinking over and over to keep delusion away from reality, and to know what was really going on and what wasn't. in the end, i was really successful because of medication, by the way, but i certainly escaped madness because i knew before i took medication the difference between what was real and what wasn't.so, i feel entitled to tell you that this movie is a total fraud. not only does it cheat with the main character's story (who wasn't faithful to his wife, who was bisexual - something really important here), but mostly, it shows a comforting, tamed view of schizophrenia - which is entirely missing the point.schizophrenia is a mind structure, not a disease. a schizophrenic *isn't* a "normal man with a disease", it's someone who from early on views and feels things differently from most people : for him, things like time, space, and people's personalities aren't solid things. he feels it can be bent, it can change, it can mutate, and maybe even disappear. to cope with this, a schizophrenic has a rich, very imaginative inner world which "normal" people don't expect - but he's trapped in it because he can't relate with most people, and his world gets poorer and poorer until he finishes in a blank, delusive dead end.this is very different to what's depicted in this ridiculous "cure", tear-jerking movie. it should be violently frightening. people other than the main character should appear strange, weird and absurd, like in lynch's "eraserhead", for example. there should be *really* impressive, weird, gross hallucinations, because that's what schizophrenia is all about. it's not about *details*.i mean, watch "naked lunch", "lost highway", read p.k. dick's "martian time-split" or "ubik", do watch "the cell", "perfect blue", "dark city", or play "american mcgee's alice" on pc, and you may have a vague idea of what it's like. don't watch the "feel good" movie of the month, with banal situations, cleaned characters and visuals, and stupid plot tricks. "the cell" is the most accurate movie about a schizophrenic's mind, his visions and his inner consistency - it's violent, weird, confusing, and very, very scary.once again, schizophrenia isn't about details, it's not a neat, tame trick played to you. it jumps in your face and won't let you go : walls fall apart, people turn into strange hostile creatures, you feel like you go backward in time, you're not sure you're who you think you are, everything feels... strange, unnatural. believe me, this is much much more than what's depicted in this soap-like melodrama

when many people say it's the "worst movie i've ever seen", they tend to say that about virtually any movie they didn't like. however, of the nearly 700 movies i can remember ever seeing this one is one of two that i walked away from feeling personally insulted and angry. this is my first movie review, by the way, and i registered with imdb just to rave at this movie's badness. i went to see it when it was in the theaters (myself and my two buddies were 3 of 5 people there), and after 15 years i can't remember very many specifics, but my attitude upon leaving the theater is still crystal clear.---spoiler alert---oh my, where to begin. fat loser left at altar, goes on ski weekend, meets blonde bombshell who takes an interest in him, takes him home to meet the family, they're all cannibals and he's the main course, pathetic attempt at a dramatic escape, kicks all their butts and runs off with the brother's girlfriend, they live happily ever after. puke. firstly, the gags are so bad that it took me a while to understand that they were trying to be funny, and that this was a comedy. the special effects, what few there are, look like they were done 15 years earlier. the big dramatic ending was so hokey and poorly acted that it was nearly unbearable to watch (he knocks out the entire cannibal family with rakes laying in the lawn, that stand up tom and jerry style when they step on them). i'm sure that there's much, much more, but i have no intention on seeing it again for a refresher.

so let me start off by saying that i saw this movie as part of a bargain. i was really bored one fine 1997 day and so i biked over to the movie rental store. i asked the clerk what the worst movie he had in stock was. without hesitation he walked me over to "lucky stiff." he told me that he'd waive the $1 rental fee (he said it would be wrong to charge more) if i promised to watch the whole movie. so watch it i did, for free...this movie is terrible. god-awful even. i don't need to go into plot details, read the other reviews. the jokes make no sense. the acting was terrible. i know it was supposed to be a comedy, but the stupidity of the main character was exhausting. you might try to watch it as something to laugh at, but it's so bad that it isn't even funny in that way. avoid!

portly nice guy falls for a luscious blonde; she likes him too, but not for the reasons you might think. little-seen black comedy from writer pat proft features very good performances by joe alaskey and donna dixon, yet it makes no lasting impact. it's just a quickie throwaway effort, helmed by norman bates himself, anthony perkins. even on the level of b-comedies, the somewhat-similar "eating raoul" is a better bet. there's definitely an amusing set-up here; unfortunately, the picture has nowhere to go in its second act. an interesting try, but it misfires.** from ****

a strange mix of traditional-80s, smartassy, chevy chase-type, "every-ten-lines-you-get-a-funny-one" farce and sickie black comedy. mildly amusing in spots, but utterly tasteless. there is a skiing sequence that includes the fakest-looking back-projections since "on her majesty's secret service". (**)

this is a bad, bad movie. i'm an actual fencer: trust me when i say that this film's pretension of accuracy is just that. this is especially true during that vile little scene when the fencers are combining footwork with 80's pop. the ending is predictable, and the movie is a bore from start to finish. horrible.

yikes, it was definitely one of those sleepless nights where i surfed the channels and bumped into this stinker of a movie. for some of the names in the cast, i'd expect a much better movie. i'm almost embarrassed to see oscar winner f. murray abraham being reduced to such a horrible part. i hope the money was worth it. and the students, they talked about fencing like they were talking about survival in a war or through a horrible disaster. i mean, i've fenced, it's a fun sport, but i've never been that intense. the only reason i even watched this entire movie was because the remote fell under the sofa and i was too lazy to get it back.

once upon a time in the mid 1990s i used to write for doctor who fanzines and the whole of fandom was holding its breathe about the new american produced doctor who tvm . as soon as it was announced that the doctor`s arch enemy the master was going to be played by eric roberts everyone scratched their heads and exclaimed " who is eric roberts ? " . i should point out this was before the imdb came online when all you had to do was type in a name into this website to their resume , but one helpful soul wrote into a publication i wrote for to explain that eric roberts was best known for a role where he starred opposite f murray abraham , the film was called by the sword and was about a fencing school . actually looking back now roberts is best known for the pope of greenwich village and runaway train but that didn`t stop the person putting the boot into both roberts and by the sword and his mind was made up that this american master with his southern drawl was going to a debacle . strangely most fans were furious about roberts playing the master but after they saw the doctor who tvm a great many fans ( myself among them ) thought roberts performance was the best thing about the disappointing american production yeah i`m digressing but by the sword was a film that i wanted to see simply because it was the first time i`d heard the name of eric roberts but i didn`t get the chance to see it untill this weekend and i was fairly disappointed with it . i know nothing about fencing ( everyone else on this page seems duty bound to mention if they fence or not . i don`t fence ) so i don`t know how accurate it all is , but as mentioned the film feels somewhat anachronistic even if you saw it on its release in 1991 , the hairstyles seem a few years out of date along with its mixed teenage cast doing a little dance routine that makes you wonder if it wouldn`t have worked a lot better if it`d had been produced by jerry bruckheimer in the mid 1980s . you could argue this would have meant the relationship between max suba and alexander villard being off centre for most of the film but i wasn`t convinced about their love/hate relationship and abraham and roberts have given much better performances before and since by the sword

why is it that everyone who has seen this movie feels it is their responsibility to tell us whether or not they are fencers? that point is completely immaterial to any argument to be made against this total dog of a movie.i think sports movies fall into two categories; well made movies about the human spirit and competitions, and `by the sword'.honestly this movie never could decide what it wanted to be, a touching drama for trying to be your best in life, an indictment of competitive motivation or a martial arts flick. in the end it didn't do any of those convincingly or completely enough to make me give one ounce of care of any of it.for the record i also am a fencing instructor (and now i am officially as bad as the rest). but putting bad fencing in a movie doesn't make it bad automatically. i mean look at star wars (episodes 4-6, good movies, bad fencing). i liked those movies. but when you put bad sports into a bad movie for some reason people think that it is only the purists that think it a lame effort.don't be fooled by any comments on the smaller issue of fencing. this is just a bad movie. in the end, this movie has nothing for the fencing enthusiast or the movie buff or simply anyone with a pulse and three brain cells.when i see a movie and am forced to think, `man, i wish i was watching the mighty ducks.' i know that it is time to bypass the argument with the theater manager to get my money back and see if there is anyone in the lobby that will somehow give me two hours of my life back.

i wouldn't say this is a *bad* movie. unfortunately for me, i get the feeling that the more you know about fencing, the worse it gets simply due to the fact that it becomes totally unrealistic. i've been fencing since i was 14 years old, and this movie portrays it very poorly. f. murray abraham is good (and appears to have some fencing background), but most of the other actors--especially the students--just seem to be lost.

this is possibly the worst fencing, sword-fighting, movie ever made. that is not just because the so called sports fencing is poor but because the plot, characters are so weak that they've got to throw in a semi nude sex scene and, later, supposed group dancing around a fencing scene in the fencing club trying, i suppose to maintain audience interest. what a waste of f. murray abraham's talents. you're better served with overblown swashbuckling movies like zorro, scaramouche, anything that has basil rathbone as the villain. as a fencer myself i recognize the near impossibility of capturing fencing as a sport on film, but if it ever happens it's got to have fresher, better drawn characters and a plot with more depth.

"smokey and the bandit" wasn't exactly shakespeare, but then nobody wanted it to be. it was lowdown slapstick, but it did have brains. it had a very smart script with definable characters and a fun wrap-up. people came out of the theater smiling. "hooper" provides none of this. there is no reason to smile. if it's supposed to be a tribute to the hollywood stuntman, it makes them look awfully lazy by providing nothing but badly-choreographed fight scenes and one of the most unconvincing car-jumps i've ever seen. it all looks phony, badly-filmed almost on purpose. poor sally field (as the girlfriend who wrings her hands on the sidelines) is given her weakest role, with not a single funny or smart line ("if you do that jump, i won't be here when you get back"). burt reynolds keeps looking at the camera and winking, but the joke is on any audience who sits through "hooper". * from ****

hooper is not funny, not fasted paced, not romantic and non informative. there is no real drama. you would think that a movie about the world's greatest stuntman would have some drama, there was an attempt but it didn't seem real. no character study, no lessons learned, it did not even look like the actors were having any real fun, they were just trying to act like they were having fun. there is no reason to watch unless you like to look at burt and want get an occasional glimpse of sally. prancer the horse was beautiful and did what he was supposed to do. in fact prancer was the best actor in this movie. smoky and the bandit was such a fun movie that i was ready to like hooper. this movie turned out to be a real disappointment and waste of time

i'm a big fan of italian films from the seventies, and i wouldn't hesitate to list the beautiful barbara bouchet among my favourite actresses of all time, so i did go into this film with some hopes. however, it soon becomes apparent that this is a largely pointless film that isn't going to go anywhere. clearly nobody would go into this expecting much more, but the fact that this is pointless gets more annoying when you consider that it's also rather dull and none of the characters are interesting. as the title suggests, the film focuses on a 'rogue'; in this case one that steals, womanises and smuggles stuff. that's basically all the plot that this movie has. the film does have a real 'seventies style' to it and the idea of it all being very carefree gets across well. it sometimes seems like directors boro draskovic and gregory simpson were trying to put across some sort of point, although whatever that point is doesn't come across very well. seeing barbara bouchet on screen is always a pleasure, and that is the case here too; she's definitely the best thing about the film and the sequence in which she hangs out of a car naked is the best part of the film. overall, the rogue will probably have some appeal for people who love the seventies style, but unfortunately it doesn't have much else to offer.

i have not yet seen anyone slate this film and i think i may be the first.it was awful. i actually didn't watch the end of it. it was like watching a boring soap or a really good one (all soaps are crap). the actors were poor and storyline was bad. the person who rated it 10/10 has no idea what he is on about. the script was awful. 2 people was in an angry conversation together involving threats and you expect the good guy to say some thing really good and beat the crap out of him but no. he says "if you do that ... i will hurt you" hahahahaha. if comedy is your thing, watch away. please do not watch this film because ... it's crap!!! summary: poor acting, bad fights, bad script.don't watch! of course this is in my opinion.

absolute garbage, worse fight scenes than a 20 year old van damme movie or american ninja etc.truly dire acting, not a skill in sight in the entire movie its like a cast of wooden sculptures.watch it just for how truly bad this film is, it may have been acceptable in the 80s but this is a 2006 movie, i don't have much love for this movie as it wasn't born in the 80s.if you like real fight movies then check out tony jaa in ong bak and the protector, those are proper martial arts films.have a laugh and watch this today you may see the unintenional humour at how grim it is.

wow, i knew this film was going to be bad but not this bad. spoilerific comments ensue.roddy roddy piper is sickly sweet retired cop (cliche!), helping out everyone - smiling like a post-op lobotomy patient through-out and lamenting over his dead son. his adopted son returns from armed forces "special ops" and because he's "seen things" - portrayed by clenching his teeth if anyone mentions anything about the past. time to clean up the streets from another guy who once knew piper and his dead son (who the bad lad killed) and his adopted son.oh, the love interest is a pretty young lady who decides for no reason that she wants to jump the bones of the ex-army bloke. this happens in about 2 minutes of 1 scene.the action could have saved this film, but it's even worse than the storyline and acting. it's all been done before, it's all been done much much better (ong-bak is a prime example). this is the worst film i've ever seen - and i've seen waterworld, twice.erm, the film is called honor (spelt wrong for the americans) and the tag line has "from the makers of bloodsport and kickboxer" - check out director david worths other films and you'll soon realise why they put these 2 films on there, even though they are over 10 years old. such classics as "shark attack 3: megalodon" - says it all really.i'll give you £10 if you don't go to see this film.ps - apologise for not know character names, tells you something though.

there was not one single redeeming factor in this movie. the girlfriend and i both love action films. especially fight scenes (bloodsport and kickboxer was awesome), but this movie was not entertaining. five minutes of action followed twenty minutes of talking and "angry" facial expressions. the main hero is a troubled character who has seen battle and thus is forced to look seriously constipated at all times. the army has disrupted his bowel movements on top of perfecting his fighting technique. the music isn't good either. they fight to the rap and hip-hop style of the streets, 'cause these guys are thugs. the rest of the soundtrack is the usual background noise to low-budget dramas.everything about this movie is classic b-style. the actors deliver their lines as if reading them from cue cards and the lines themselves should be set on fire and left burning in some rotten hollywood alleyway. the film is called "honor," but there was no honor in making this film. it was simply a waste of money, and spending wisely is something i consider to be honorable.go see felon instead. the fight scenes and situations are more real.

this film has the look and feel of a student film project. yeah, there are some interesting (albeit gimmicky) edits and shots, but the end result was juvenile.the director didn't seem to be saying "look at this film." it seemed as if he were saying, "look at me! i'm a director!"thumbs down.

this is the last time i rent a video without checking in at the imdb reviews. the limey is directed by steven soderbergh who also wrote wrote the truly awful nightwatch with ewan macgregor and directed such trash as out of sight with the anti-talented jennifer lopez. terence stamp is a fine actor and it is a shame he involved himself in such a bad film. there is frequent confusing editing that seems like it was a last minute decision in order to make up for the lack or story, filming and just plain common sense. this film does everything wrong. what were they thinking?

the only reason i rented this was because of the article in fangoria magazine. the article made this film look interesting. well, it isn't. this was a very boring, amateurishly written and directed movie. all the actors in this movie are awful, except faye dunaway, who is always a joy to watch. but too much time was focused on gina phillips and her ridiculous encounters with ravens and duilio marzio. marzio has such a thick argentinean accent, you can only understand every couple of words he says. also on hand is nicholas pauls, who plays the ultra-bland love interest to gina phillips. the bottom line: this movie is not scary. there is only one good scene and that is the last five to ten minutes of the movie. i would have given this one star, but i gave it three just because i like faye dunaway so much. but even she wasn't that great in this.

for some reason, tv guide gave this two and a half stars, plus faye dunaway is in it, so it definitely looked like something to see. my, oh, my, this may be the worst film i've ever seen. ever. from its horrid acting (every time the girl asks the boy what's wrong with him, i shouted to the tv "i can't act!" when she asks what he needs, i yell "i need acting lessons!" to the unbelievably bad dialog ("give me back my organs!").and the brian depalma wannabe ending, too, it was all just beyond awful. i wanted to like it. dunaway is one of the best actors ever. and the production values were pretty good.but wowzers, this had me laughing, laughing!, most of the time.don't even bother out of curiosity, that was my first mistake. staying with it was definitely my second, and third and fourth.

...cause they're both pretty lousy. i think the best part of the movie is the horrendously imperial picture of faye dunaway at the top of the stairs. she looks like she could very easily step out of that picture, rip someone to bloody pieces, and calmly re-enter the portrait looking as if nothing had happened. now, you know a movie's in trouble when part of the set furnishings manages to attract your attention.i admit, i paid $30 for the dvd just so i could see faye dunaway in a contemporary horror movie. i know what you're thinking--30 bucks right down into a gaping black hole. and you would be absolutely correct. this movie sucks. there, it's right out in the open. i was expecting some actual scares, and i waited and waited and waited. none came. the raven (probably a crow in makeup) didn't scare me, seeing small pieces of internal organs didn't scare me, and even faye didn't scare me. i'm not that brave, i know, so it must be the movie itself that is the trouble. what's more, jennifer wasn't scared either. her internal organs were literally falling apart and she seemed more peeved than anything. her life was rapidly coming to a close and she's worried about attaining more money. honey, you can't take money where you're going!!! "i need money," she continually says, completely ignoring the fact that her lungs have collapsed and ceased to function.meanwhile, i spent the whole blasted movie wondering what was up with the grandmother (faye). i was suspicious at first, faye playing a grandmother and all, and i was still suspicious at the end. there is another relative living in the house that jennifer and mary ellen the grandmother-from-hell are forced to share temporarily, and i'm guessing she is of the same generation as said grandmother. here's the weird part--the relative looks like she's just endured her eight hundredth birthday party. mary ellen looks like she's just gotten a face-lift from a renowned surgeon. face-lifts can't work miracles, but i think faye's appearance is important to the rice-paper plot. spoiler!!! it seems that the family is plagued by an illness that affects bad acting...sorry, my little joke. seriously though, there's all illness that causes their organs to fail and ultimately disintegrate. yuck, huh? interestingly enough, mary ellen is still alive and all her organs are intact. how did she avoid the family curse? something's up with her, obviously.another reason for mourning the loss of my thirty dollars--this movie features one of my all-time movie pet peeves. i refer to the double ending. this movie ends twice. i absolutely hate it when that happens, and in this movie it feels like the director shot the ending, didn't like it, and forget to remove it during editing. i guess it's supposed to be scary, but it is only if you're a film editor.there is one perk to this debacle, though, and it's one of the reasons i bought the dvd. the "filmmaker" commentary features faye dunaway, and i wanted to see how she acted when she didn't have lines to recite. guess what--the movie sucked so bad i wasn't able to sit through it again. drat.

don't bother. a little prosciutto could go a long way, but all we get is pure ham, particularly from dunaway. the plot is one of those bumper car episodes... the vehicle bounces into another and everything changes direction again, until we are merely scratching our heads wondering if there were ever a plot. gina phillips is actually good, but it's hard playing across from a mystified dunaway playing lady macbeth lost in the marx's brother's duck soup. ah, the raven...now there's an actor. and there is the relative who just lies and bed and looks ghostly. or dr. dread who's filled with lots of gloom and no working remedies. i'm one of those suckers who just has to see a movie to the end. quoth the raven, "nevermore."

oh this was a really bad movie. the girl who plays jennifer is ok, but i think she acts bitchy through the movie, not because she is having her organs ripped out by a raven at night, but because she is thinking of firing her agent for putting her in this piece of crap. faye dunaway acts like she is remaking mommy dearest and the ending is completely silly. i really can't recommend this movie at all even though as a fan of edgar allen poe, i was intrigued a bit by the references to his work(ravens, house of usher-like family curse,and being buried alive)-still he would probably turn over in his grave if he knew about this film.

this movie was a littttle confusing at first. i usually like gina phillips, but this one i have to say was a bad choice just like her doing the movie ring around the rosie, that one also not one her good movies. jeepers creepers was way better. anyway, faye dunaway was good. she totally creeped me out and at the end, that was crazy. it was about jennifer cassi(phillips) who comes to her twin sisters funeral. she stays at a house that her sister owns and her grandmother(dunaway) lives at with an aunt named emma. mary ellen(dunaway) is kinda sacrificing her relations to stay alive and as long as she wants to live, she can't die. even if jennifer tries to kill her, which she tries. ravens have a weird part in it. when the relations go to sleep, the ravens eat there organs, so they can't go to sleep. but they do. basically it all crazy and mary ellen will never die and her relations will be buried, but not dead, b/c they have to suffer forever so mary ellen can stay alive. yeah, i hope this helps. if it doesn't, sorry. love ya.

jennifer's shadow is set in argentina & starts as jennifer cassi (gina philips) arrives there after her sister johanna dies. jennifer is left johanna's large house in her will, jennifer decides to sell the house & head back to los angeles even though her grandmother mary ellen (faye dunaway) is opposed to the sale. however strange things begin to happen, jennifer starts having nightmares about ravens pecking at her & she starts to feel very ill. after a check up in hospital it seems that one of her kidney's have mysteriously disappeared, what is happening to jennifer? is it an ancient family curse? will jennifer be the next to succumb to it...this argentinian american co-production was co-written & co-directed by daniel de la vega & pablo parés & is a really dull waste of ninety odd minutes, a tedious & predictable modern ghost story that i would imagine will put more people to sleep sooner than scare them. the script by vega, parés & p.j. pettiette is pretty slow going & tedious which is not what anyone wants, i mean i'm sure most people don't want to sit down & be bored out of their skulls. the character's are all uninteresting & fairly faceless with little or no motivation for anything they do. for instance who is that graveyard caretaker guy? how did he know about the demons? what is his interest & motivation for getting involved? i couldn't see it. jennifer herself is a pretty unlikable & bland leading lady, her grandmother mary allen is as clichéd as they come & it's surprising that she is so obviously the villain. i mean for this sort of mystery based horror/ghost story it's surprisingly predictable & routine. there are gaps in both logic & the story which together with the terrible twist ending which isn't much of a twist i didn't like jennifer's shadow one iota.directors vega & parés goes down the much used route of bleaching almost all of the colour from the picture which often renders it not too far from black and white, i suspect that they wanted to give it a period gothic feel but it's been done so many times before & often so much better that it didn't do much for me at all & just makes the whole film look dull & lifeless. there's a definite 40's period look as well, from the costumes to the interior of the large house but again it's rather half hearted & cheap looking. jennifer's shadow is well made but it's rather forgettable, it's not scary or creepy & it's rather predictable. if that wasn't enough there's no gore either, there's a few scenes of ravens pecking away at people & a beating heart but nothing else.with a supposed budget of about $1,000,000 & retitled to the chronicles of the raven for it's us & international dvd release this is reasonably well made but a million won't buy you too much these days & jennifer's shadow pretty much proves that theory. there are too many scenes of actor's speaking in thick argentinian accents as well, even though it might be realistic i actually like to be able to understand what people are saying. the acting is alright although dunaway overacts badly & is obviously there for the money.jennifer's shadow is a rubbishy ghost film that i thought was a total bore from start to finish, i would rather watch the incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed-up zombies!!? (1964) again instead. a total waste of time.

jennifer cassi (gina philips from "dead and breakfast") returns back to the house she grew up in which she recently inherited from her deceased sister, unbeknownst to her grandmother (fay dunaway) who's still living in it. jennifer decides to sell it as she's in dire need of the money much to granny's chagrin. she also begins to have troublesome recurring nightmares of a mysterious raven. there was really no one to relate to in this film. jennifer seemed cold, distant, unsentimental, and narcissistic, whereas the grandmother seemed spiteful, sad, and also narcissistic. the film is good and well-made, but with no one to empathize with i found it hard to care about what happened to them.my grade: c-

this is easily the most disappointing, least gratifying movie of the entire so-called blacksploitation genre, which, by the way, are films we generally enjoy a great deal in our home. rather than being "exploitation" or demeaning, these films actually provide a priceless insight into an era. well, not bucktown.in this story, duke returns to bucktown to operate the night club left to him by his recently deceased brother. he quickly learns that the city is entirely controlled by a corrupt police force, bleeding protection money out of all the local businesses. duke resists, and determines that he will rescue the city from the corrupt police. unfortunately, he does so by calling in a posse of his friends (these people are vaguely explained as some former black-militants who have worked with duke on "jobs" in the past) and they simply murder the entire police department in cold blood. and literally in the presence of hundreds of witnesses who do nothing to stop it. ignorance is not a justification for murder, and it would have been much more entertaining to see the cracker police suffer for their actions as opposed to merely getting whacked in the street. while revenge is a ubiquitous and generally satisfying theme in films of this genre, it is a far cry from seeing pam grier track down the thugs who off'ed her family, cuss them out, give them a jujitsu ass-kickin' and set their 'fro on fire. that has art (and a reason for existing) and merits a level of respect that is quite undeserved by simply shooting someone in the back. of course, in this bizarre tale, she is playing a woman completely under the man's thumb, afraid of the crackers who run her town and oppress her people. indeed, her advice to duke is, "run, man, they gonna kill you!"following the sickening and gratuitous violence, we are expected to believe that the town's mayor wholeheartedly condones the actions of duke and his friends, congratulating them and offering to throw a parade in their honor, as opposed to, say, calling the district attorney to press capital murder charges against them and have them taken into custody. duke's posse declines the parade and instead opts to fill the numerous vacancies on the police force created by their recent killing spree. they immediately prove to be even more corrupt than their cracker police predecessors (to quote the mayor, "they are ten times worse than what we had before!"). now duke finds he must again rescue the citizens of bucktown from corrupt, protection-racket law enforcement officials and again make it safe for decent folk to operate a prostitution business in the streets. unfortunately, duke has already lost all moral high ground and sympathy due a hero, as he was a willing participant in the murder of the original police force. i wouldn't have cared one way or the other if he had rescued bucktown or gotten plugged himself at this point. i suppose we are to be entertained by the clever way duke has to outsmart the new police goons, but in reality the film has now just become an opera of gratuitous violence, duke murders all of his former friends and allies in cold blood with the same absence of compassion he had when gunning down the cracker police. duke is a pig.finally, when everyone in town but duke, aretha, and the employees of the local brothel are dead and bleedin' in the street, our hero and heroine walk off into the night as though they had some admirable qualities or redeeming values; they don't. duke is merely a murderous thug and aretha his enabling misogynist accomplice. if you are interested in this genre of film, by all means, i highly recommend them, see coffy, foxy brown, truck turner, blacula, sheba babybut if in the process you should run across this dvd, throw it as far away as you possibly can! drop it like it's hot! it should be treated as one would treat a glowing puddle of nuclear waste! there is no single film in the entire blacksploitation era that is not dramatically more entertaining, satisfying and populated with more sympathetic and admirable characters than this piece of slime, obviously written by and targeted at some hormonally imbalanced high school sophomores.

this movie was amusing at times, hell sometimes it was even downright funny.the underlying message i got from the film though, was that women are responsible for all of the troubles of man. every time a woman is depicted in the film, she is being lazy, being slutty or lambasting some poor guy for no apparent reason. i don't think the message involved is good for women or gay men.but, it is a comedy, and a piece of art, so it is simply someones point of view. even if i don't agree with it, they are still entitled to it.an amusing film, but some of the comments others have made are just plain stupid. best film ever my foot.

with a movie called "gayniggers from outer space" how could you go wrong? just throw in some over the top stereotypes for the characters, use the village people as the main suppliers for the soundtrack, and throw in tons of gay-gags. plot is unimportant. too bad, this film doesn't contain any of this and every joke misses the spot. the characters all look alike apart from the german gaynigger, one or two jokes work, the rest fails.the title made me laugh and i was prepared to laugh even more about the film. my expectation were to high apparently.

well, what can i say about this movie. i'm speechless. i could go on about how stupid this movie is forever though the one thing that really pi*sed me off was the music. and to top it all off someone commented on how much they liked it. to them all i have to say is that it was ripped off from one of the best martial arts movies of all time fistsof fury starring bruce lee. if he was still alive and ever came across this movie he'd be horrified. the rest of the movie is absolutely ridiculous and a waste of tape. i say tape because a movie like that couldn't possibly have been shot on film.i now feel more stupid for wasting 30 minutes of my life watching it. the only reason why i even saw it was because my roommate downloaded it out of morbid curiosity. what is this world coming to.

this film is about a group of extra terrestrial gay black men exterminating females on earth, in order to create a gay universe.i watched it with the intent of seeing how bad it was. still, i was shocked at how bad it was. it looked more like a film made 50 years ago. the acting, if any, is ultra bad. the sets and props are so ridiculously fake, making any college film look mega budget. and the special effects are laughably simple, indeed jaw dropping as others have commented, but jaw droppingly embarrassing.one has to be severely intoxicated, or in an altered state of consciousness in order to appreciate this film. if i was from denmark, i would be severely embarrassed and humiliated that my countrymen produced such a horrifyingly bad film.

it's hard to know what was going through per kristensen and morten lindberg's heads when they wrote "gayniggers from outer space" - the movie is billed as a comedy, yet there are no real jokes beside the crude character names (capt. b. dick, sgt. shaved balls). the rest of the movie is a (presumably) unintentionally funny affair with ridiculously unsynchronised voice-overs (with the 'actors' basically reading their lines with no hint of feeling), 'futuristic' computer displays filled with spelling mistakes, and a plot that makes almost no sense.even though 65% of viewers have given this movie a perfect 10 out of 10, this is the complete opposite of what a good film is. it may be entertaining to watch with some friends, but this film only deserves about a '2' out of ten...slightly higher than the lower possible rating only because of the sheer fact that the writers somehow managed to get some black guys to star in this movie.

gayniggers from outer space is a short foreign film about black, gay aliens who explore the galaxy until they stumble upon earth. being gay, their goal is to have a male-only universe in which all people are gay. hence, when they discover women or "female creatures" live on earth, they are at first terrified; eventually they decide to eliminate all women on the planet and liberate the male population.an offensive title with a racist, homophobic and sexist storyline, albeit probably intended as a satire, give this film some shock value. however, there's little substance underneath. as another reviewer pointed out, there are few jokes besides the characters' names (eg. arminass); i think i laughed once at one small gay joke. i think i got the point of the film quickly, a satire of bad science fiction, but after that i had had enough; i kept wanting the film to end already (and it is a short film!). not brilliant or particularly well-written.

i was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies. in their long list of films was this film and i thought i must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise. but, no, that's really what it was. and since the film was only about 27 minutes long, i decided to give it a try. if it had turned out to be some porno movie, i would have stopped watching. instead, it turned out to be the most bizarre film i have ever seen. the danish production crew tried, with a budget of about $49, to make a star trek-style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women--like they proceeded to do on the earth! and in every case, they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet.subtle, this ain't. with some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters i've ever heard, i don't even think i can write them on imdb without having my review removed! however, despite the utter crappiness of it all, it was strangely watchable and worth a peek. but, as i mentioned already, due to the crude names and odd subject matter (though no nudity), it's a film for adults only. by the way, this movie left me with 1001 questions as to who would make this, why make it and who was the intended audience?! it may not be the absolute worst thing i have ever seen, but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive!

gayniggers from outer space is pretty much summed up by its name. running only 27 minutes long, it describes a spaceship of gay blacks that come to earth to free the men from women. while i see a little significance to the plot, it also is really illogical. granted, its meant to be a comedy/spoof on society and science fiction. i found myself laughing several times, so it succeeds there.the special effects are horrible. when the spaceship is floating above the earth, you can see stars zoom by for no apparent reason. the asteroids shown in the beginning look fake, the equipment on the ship is illogical, there are several misspellings in the text, the actors are unconvincing, the characters are messed up; in general, the whole thing doesn't take itself seriously. if you get past all the aspects that make it a bad movie, its very accessible and easy to see through to the end. some parts are hilarious. but overall, the only thing that you are left remembering is that it was one of the most ridiculous concepts ever.seeing that its a short film and has some funny aspects, its not the worst thing to see. but its illogical and holds little long-term value. i can't really recommend it; if you do watch it, do so for the unique concept, not the quality.

i really wanted to like this movie, but it was just imposable. the acting was ultra hammy, the plot was annoying, and the pace was slow, sooo slowwwwww. the whole time sitting in the theater i wanted the movie to end. twenty minuets into a films and i'm praying for an ending. sure some of the visuals were nice, but c'mon guys, i mean really! and for a movie about a guy tuning magical instruments there really wasn't much music to speak of. the music there was was annoying, and boring. there were sound loud shrill sounds at times too, those were also annoying. mainly this film managed to bore me, and creep me out at the same time.i'm glad its over. i need to go see "tideland" and wash this bad taste out of my mouth.

when i first picked this film up i was intrigued at the basic idea and eager to see what would happen. i'm a fan of animation and love it when it's successfully merged with live action footage. however, the animation in this film was about all i enjoyed. although it must be said that the actors' performances were excellent. the visual look - including the animation - gave a wonderfully unnerving air to the piece. however this was quality of unease was lost amongst the overblown imagery, both visual and in the script, that you were practically hammered over the head with. most annoying about this was the relative lack of importance to the plot. it seemed that the plot was shoe horned in at irregular intervals giving a stuttering effect that detracted massively from the flow of the piece. the voice overs from felisberto - especially the one at the end - very much felt like a desperate attempt to fill in gaping holes in the plot which had been ignored in favour of side issues such as the whole ant thing (and even that wasn't properly addressed). i'm afraid the whole piece came across as, at best, a 'reasonable first attempt', by a teenager who has spent far too much time reading dh lawrence. not what you expect from seasoned film makers at all.

the brothers quay are directors, judging by conventional thought, should have stuck to making short films. i myself actually really liked their first feature, institute benjamenta, but judging by their sophomore effort, the piano tuner of earthquakes, i'm willing to agree they don't come close to equaling their past genius at feature length. piano tuner is, without a doubt, a gorgeous film to look at, and often to listen to. unfortunately, it's borderline painful to sit through with its convoluted narrative and glacial pace. reading the plot synopsis, it sounds like a pretty good story. but the brothers fail miserably to bring it to life. one thing they should consider avoiding completely in the future: dialogue. my god, it's awful here. a huge bust.

this is a rip off of the old frankenstein premise. an acclaimed scientist is killed in a freakish accident and his father, a noted brain surgeon saves the brain. it is then put into a robotic body of his own design. his brother, an electrical genius, gives the 'colossus' impetus to transfer thoughts into motion. the whole project goes bad, when the creation goes berserk.special effects are undeveloped. the script is lacking. and it is humorous that this is not scary a bit. well, very small kids will think this is good. if you are wide awake at three in the morning and this comes on....night, night.the lead characters are played by otto kruger, john baragrey and ross martin. ed wolff played the 'colossus'.

sean bean is great, as are the photography, locations and costumes. however, the plot is somewhat muddled, and the conclusion flat. the plot has been substantially altered from cornwell's novel, and not to the better. unfortunately, this adventure is much better read than watched. sharpe was too narrowly drawn here, in contrast with his literary alter ego, who seems more intelligent and determined despite his apprehension in his new role as an officer promoted from the ranks. i really enjoyed the brief scene in which sharpe is tripped by a "real" officer, and after a quick pause and piercing stare, pushes the surprised and cowed officer right back. it sets the tone for his later trials as a commanding officer.rating: "4" of "10."

however, the ladies of all ages will lap it up, no doubt; at least the opposite sex understand what it is to be a mother, and most of us men try to fathom out what it is to be a father. whether changing nappies is not at all my favourite occupation and trying to get those bottled baby-foodstuffs into errant toothless mouths must rank very high on household duties preferably left to its mother, has absolutely nothing to do with the matter.some good interpretations here, and a good story idea; the handling of the matter, limited to rather scanty tv-production concepts, gives the film a rather over-mellowy taste with not much new to offer. an insipid way of delivering the goods, and in the end the outcome is so forseeable during the last 20 minutes or so, even my wife dozed off, and i was jumping up to the computer to get the on-line scoring in the barcelona-deportivo match, hoping the away team would do something rather good. they did. this film did not.better by far is mike leigh's magnificent "secrets and lies" (qv) which touches on the same subject matter, but with brenda blethyn playing a far superior part.

no likeable characters (the lead is a combination of the worst of woody allen/paul provensa/reiser) and the contrived scenes (did anyone really think thiat kid on the rollerblades was not going to knock the guy down?) were just sickeningly bad.

with no affinity towards any type of filmmaking, and a healthy appreciation of documentaries, i can honestly say i was angry at myself for bothering to sit through the entire length of "20 dates". i won't waste your time with the plot, you may read other reviews. i will say though that berkowitz's hyper, woody allen-style narration was extremely annoying. you either wished he'd lay off the coffee or ingest some tranquilizers. and it's potentially apparent to berkowitz himself that this film was a bad idea, as parts of it details his trials to finance the documentary. forgive me for disguising insults as compliments, but i'll give credit to berkowitz for having the skills to convince some idiot to finance this horrid piece of ****. i appreciate the boundaries & intentions of the film here, but even when regarding the standards berkowitz sets for himself, he fires off and misses on all levels. in closing, i'm sure many of these female companions were not at ease going on a date with a twitchy wanna-be filmmaker, and therefore i question the film's sense of authenticity. hey myles, i loved your film the first time i saw it... when it appeared as an episode of seinfeld or was a film directed by woody allen or kevin smith.

yowza! if anyone who loves laurel and hardy can watch this movie and feel good about it, you're a better person than me! this movie, while a great attempt at 'imitating' laurel and hardy through appearance, sound and routine, falls very short of honoring them, or even being a movie of any substance. i blame larry harmon. dialogue is torn from old l+h movies and planted in unrealistically, the plot is muddled with useless characterization of the other needless co-stars, pinchot's accent was bizarre for stan, and while sartain did an excellent job with ollie's accent, he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix that was mr. hardy. where was a (good) musical number? editing is choppy, acting is stiff, lines are horrid, physics are -implausable- (although perhaps they were trying to give it that feel of cheap sets?), and overall it's a terrible thing to witness. it's even more painful to watch than atoll k, where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950's era writing and photography. do yourself a favor and watch as much of the original laurel and hardy films as you can, and learn how things were. you know what a magnate is, don't you? stan laurel did not perpetually reply with semi-moronic quips at every sentence.i pity anyone who thinks that this was a decent update/honor of the boys. where was the classic theme song?!? why ruin 'here's another fine mess'? why skip 'any the wiser'? why was there a pointless gaggle of co-stars?! why miss gulch from the wizard of oz???? why must larry harmon be in it? why bozo!? and did the learning channel help fund the thing?i mean, really. fart jokes, for god's sake.fart jokes.

i can see why laurel and hardy purists might be offended by this rather gentle 're-enactment', but this film would be an excellent way to introduce children to the pleasures of classic l & h. bronson pinchot and gailard sartain acquit themselves reasonably as the comedy duo and there's a reasonably good supporting cast. i enjoyed it.

for the life of me i can't figure out why anyone would make a movie like this. the plot is tired, the acting is strained, the language is consistently foul and at times the over use of the "f" word seemed like a lack of dialog was prevalent so 'let's throw in another couple of "f's" for good measure, that's what the american public wants to hear'. gossett was particularly foul and seemed to enjoy his part. forget this c__p, rent 'shrek" and have a good laugh.

"jason priestly stars as 'breakfast', a psychotic jewelry store thief whose grip on reality is frighteningly precarious, according to the dvd sleeve, "with his accomplice 'panda' (bernie coulson), the duo make off with a carload of cash, a result of a tip-off from beautiful cashier 'ziggy' (laura harris). her reward: to hitch a ride with the out-of-control duo so that she can meet her long-lost father francis (stephen mchattie). but he's on a suicidal quest to even a score with his former boss (louis gossett, jr.) and has the cops hot on his trail. rage, murder and revenge are about to collide!" stay out of their way!*** the highwayman (4/28/00) keoni waxman ~ jason priestly, laura harris, stephen mchattie

the first one was the best. the second one sucked because the dialog was terrible. although, the storyline wasn't so bad (in fact, all story lines are good and bad). throughout the movie, i dosed off a few times. i know that jackie chan is a great martial arts expertise, but not a good actor in rush hour 2. chris tucker, too, wasn't good. and zhang ziyi, what can i say, a few lines, terrible acting (but that's based on her script). all the characters there were not that good. but, some of the things i like in rush hour 2 is always the action and less sex scenes. i know that jackie chan doesn't do those things which is good for him.

designed only to annoy (or amuse) any self-respecting intelligent person. if the director's intention had been for the viewer to dislike the title character, then it would have been okay, but i know that there is no such thing as a hollywood director who'd make a critique of america's pro-marxist 60s movement, especially not a filmmaker from the 70s. there is so much idiotic dialog going on here, that sometimes i wondered if i wasn't actually watching a comedy. you wouldn't be at fault for thinking that this is a satire  that's how naïve the movie appears. spacek has been in her share of leftist movies which brings me to the obvious, inescapable conclusion that the redhead hick is one of those hollywood liberal morons. but, i mean, aren't they all? nice boobs, but s**t for brains.

please don't hate me but i have to be honest, watching this movie, i had a lot of fun,,it's a movie with a stupid cast and stupid songs!!!unnecessary songs!!! mehbooba... a total insult to the original one holi.... well.. it was ok! due to the tradition every movie got to have one!! chad raha hai nasha whatever... very unneeded stupid song jee le... sounded like a playboy song stupid song...other than songs. the movie was ok this was ram gopal verma's own adaptation... if you think like that you will like this moviewell this movie only depends on the viewer and on his judgement whether he/she thinks this movie is total copy he/she would want to hit her head on the cinema seat or if he/she thinks of the directors own look he/she would be relaxed and take a look at this movieanyways i looked at both ways i would congratulate and abuse ram gopal for this disaster that he made...well some other things that bothered that the cast was incredibly badamitabh bachchan as babban/gabbar (amitabh in his own movie remake funny what was the director thinking) ajay devgan as heero/veeru(bobby deol could have been better) prashant raj as raj/jai(abhishek was meant for this role despite doing a special appearance in the mehbooba song) sushmita sen as radha/durga(jaya bachchan was right tabu was right for this role) nisha kothari as ghungroo/basanti(i think esha deol would have been great) mohanlal as narishma/thakur(mohanlal is so cute....oops sorry hehehehe, he was ok i could not think of anyone)the movie would have even faired a little if the cast was oki movie wasn't even exciting, the movie was just ok , just for watchingthe overall ratingdirection... 8/10 i got to him some credit cinematography... 9/10 script... 3/10 bad scripting songs... 5/10 unnecessary in the movie, could have been better, easy on the ears on to be played in pc's and ipod's and stuff cast... 1/10total ... 3/10syed shabbir aly naqvi from pakistan

not as bad as some are making it out to be, though obviously pathetic compared to the original. in my opinion amitabh was great as the villain babban singh - try not to compare to gabbar in the original as they were clearly not going for the same effect. other than some mediocre action scenes however, the rest of the film is flawed. character development was poor and the development of the story was hopeless, with many loopholes, and missing pieces of information which i wouldn't have known if i hadn't read the back of the dvd case. the worst part of the movie was the support roles from nisha kothari and especially this new dude called prashant raj. nisha is just plain annoying from the time her lips first open. as for prashant raj - seriously who is this guy? where is he from and why on earth was he present in the film studio for anything other than to serve drinks?. his acting ability is zero and he has the same tone, dialog delivery and staunch expression in every scene, whether it be action, comedy, or even a scene when someone has just died. ajay devgan was average, at least his expressions changed which is more than i can say for his mistake of a companion. overall, rgv's aag is worth watching for amitabh's solid performance, and also a very sexy urmilla matondkar in a special appearance.

its a gem movie if anyone who hasn't seen movie sholey he cant understand what is going on there. a thakur call men for catching a big terrorist who is like god and even police don't know abut him but these ppl do.biggest advantage of film is its speed u never know what is going on and the part is completed. actors are at there best of worst acting and actress is here for time-pass of songs. and what u cant forget is the cool dialouge which seems to come in very long time but u cant understand them so easily try hard for that and last word i haven't seen movie complete due to a brain roast so plz tell me ditz end if it have

i cannot say that aag is the worst bollywood film ever made, because i haven't seen every bollywood film, but my imagination tells me that it could well be.this film seems like an attempt at artistic suicide on behalf of the director, and i for one be believe he has been successful in his mission. no a-list actor outside of this film would risk sharing the same billing as him for all the humiliation this film is bound to carry with it.but lets not just blame the director here, there is the cinematographer, who looks like he's rehearsing for the amateur home movie maker of the year award. there is the over dramatic score, that hopes to carry you to the next scene. the lighting man, who must have been holding a cigarette in one hand and light bulb on pole in the other, and hoping that the flame burning off the cigarette would add to that much needed light in every scene. and, of course the actors! some of them are by no means newcomers, else all could be forgiven here. the ensemble of actors in aag were put together to promote a new beginning and dimension to the re-make of india's most loved movie of all time, 'sholay'. one must not forget that these actors were not forced in to this film, they are a-list and willing participants to something that, let's face it would surely have had high and eager public expectation??? so it begs the question, amitabh aside (for now), did the other actors really believe their performances even attempted to better the original? did amitabh bachchan read the script and believe that people would remember his dialogue in this farcical abomination of a film? don't be stupid, of course he didn't, this was a demonstration to the public of how much money talks hence can make actors walk.i truly hope everyone involved is satisfied with what is truly a vulgar attempt to remake a classic film, which only succeeds in polluting everyone's mind when they watch the original.

this movie should not be watched as it was meant to be a flop. ram gopal verma first wanted to make this a remake of classic bollywood movie "sholay", but after having problems with the original makers decided to go ahead with the project and... i guess leave all the good parts of the movie (acting, script, songs, music, comedy, action etc) out and shoot the movie just because he already happen to hire the crew. waste of money, waste of time. after making movies like rangeela, satya, and company he pulled a coppola (godfather) on us; what were you thinking rgv? anyways, the story is, though hard to follow, is almost like the old sholay. ajay devgan playing heero (beeru, sholay) and ajay, new kid on the block playing ajay (jay,sholay). both "bad yet funny" friends help a cop capture a bad guy first. later in the movie, now retired cop hires them as personal security and safeguarding from the hands of a very most wanted bubban played by amitabh bachan. in case you haven't been watching bollywood movies, the good guys win in the end. there i just saved you 3 precious hours of your life!

in a variant of sholay , ram gopal verma ventures into what can be called an unknown territory where the blockbuster takes a new shape. the thakur goes south.mohanlal as narsimha the police inspector whose family has been killed seeks vengeance madrasi style. the accent is totally south indian in contrast to thakur from the north. the severing of the hands of thakur by gabbar is also cut down to the fingers in aag. so make up costs are cut down because there is no effort to hide the hands instead only a long shouldered kurta covers up for the cut fingers. moreso in the climax where the thakur uses his legs and says"tere liye to mere paer hi kaafi hai" here narsimha uses his finger stubs to fire a gun and kill the villain. babban, the new avtar of gabbar is also different. he is not from bihar or up. he is bambaiya. gabbar's infamous laugh is also in two instalments this time and is more subdued. babban asks for diwali instead of holi and romances urmila the replacement of helen in mehbooba. he also dances and enjoys dancing with abhisheh who plays jalal agha in mehbooba.babban is more intelligent this time. he tosses the apple and asks the question that made isaac newton discover laws of gravitation. basanti is more verbose than the auto driver ghungroo. nisha kothari cannot play the auto driver and looks too artificial using words like 'entertain' and 'too much' with gay abandon. viru was fun whereas ajay devgun is a misfit for the role. the god speaks to basanti incident and the shooting lessons and the koi haseena song and the water tank sequences are painful. the water tank turns into a well and the drunk devgun is so bad in the sequence that the audience would have wanted him to commit suicide. jai was composed and serious. prashant raj is better than the others because we do not expect anything from him. but he also bungles on the mausi sequence. he is not as romantic as jai with the mouth organ . jaya's role played by sushmita changes careers. a pure housewife turns into a doctor this time plunging into full time social service after her husband is killed. she too lacks the pain that jaya displayed. her flirtations with jai are more open this time. samba gets a bigger role this time as tambe. he does not have to point guns and answer questions of gabbar this time. he follows babban wherever he goes and is a bodyguard with more visibility outside the den. horses give way to jeeps and auto. the gabbar's hideout here keeps changing and ramgarh becomes kaliganj. all in all it is more of a spoof than anything else. rgv comes up with his own interpretation of the classic. but we remember the original so well even after three decades that our minds refuse to accept stylized versions and changed dialogues. so we call it a spoof. so mr.rgv(sholay ) and farhan akhtar (don) and jpdutta(umrao jaan) stop making remixes and start making originals.

i downloaded this movie yesterday through an internet site the quality was kinda good! i was watching the movie with high expectations (though i knew it was a flop), especially as the film has superstar amitabh bachchan playing the role of a villain.i though at least actors like him would have done some worth to their roles.but unfortunately mr bachchan failed to impress as villain this proved that nobody can compete amjad khan's magic rgv's trial to re-kindle the past backfired royally! sholay, the old one is a milestone in indian cinema with an all-star cast, cult dialogue, stylish cinematography and a brilliant soundtrack which is still a hit with present generations too.a good actor like ajay devgan's talents are wasted and his performance was average.prashant raj, a newcomer doesn't know what acting is . nisha kothari proved she is one of the worst actresses we have i don't know how she is still in rgv's crew urmila & abhishek seen in a song with no excitement and passion mohanlal tried his best and susmitha sen's work was good i somehow liked her work in this movie it was a total carnage of the original sholay

iam a big fan of mr ram gopal varma but i could not believe that he made this movie. i was really disappointed.ram gopal varma ki aag doesn't come anywhere close to the real sholay. it does not leave a lasting impression on a viewer. ram gopal varma fails to create chemistry between the characters . there is no camaraderie between heero(ajay devgan) and raj(prashant raj). there are hardly any scenes with more than two people in the frame together. the sequence outside the courtroom with amitabh bachchan and mohanlal face off is remarkable. amitabh bachchan should not have done this movie. ajay and sushmita sen was trying their best but no use. rajpal yadav's voice modulation - ineffective and rather pointless. mohanlal did full justice and proved it again that acting is all about facial expression and body language. rest of the cast was below expectation. the comedy situation which was adapted from the original sholay fall flat in this movie.ram gopal varma could have worked upon the script but because of the controversies surrounded against the movie he messed up and just for the sake of making he made this aag. but there is no fire.

sholay: considered to be one of the greatest films. i always wondered if they would ever remake being the classic it is. that was the time rgv announced this movie and i was somewhat excited to see it. i always thought that maybe this will be a good movie, but every week we would here rgv change something. and the movie is a very b-grade movie, something that i had not hoped.i really tried looking for positives, but i promised to keep sholay out of my mind. the cinematography is awesome. the movie tries to be its own. but that is the up side. the action sequences are weak. the screenplay had potential. the biggest flaw is editing. none of the scenes excite you. for example, the comedy sequences felt very out of place and forced. ironic because comedy was just as entertaining in the original. and none of the characters are developed. and no scenes will linger until the end. and the ending was very disappointing.the biggest question is acting. amitabh bachchan was good as gabbar singh, nothing great. it seemed as if they concentrated too much on his look, that the character only looks menacing, but you don't get creeped out. mohanlal is barely in the movie, but he impresses in his few scenes. ajay devgan was decent. it wasn't so much the performance, he gave it his all, it was the weak script. prashant raj is very confident, and has potential to make it far with better movies.i had most expectations for sushmita sen, who was probably the best of the lot. she was expressive, but this still was not enough. nisha kothari surprised me. she seemed disinterested for the most part, but her emotional scene after her friend's death was quite good. seems as if she needs to find a director who will help her talent, not her cute looks. but what disappointed me most was chemistry. ajay devgan and prashant raj didn't look like friends. ajay-nisha were not a strong couple. no passion was to be found between sushmita and prashant. and amitabh and mohanlal did not the hateful passion they needed.as for songs, they pretty much suck. urmila's mehbooba was too overblown and i pretty much slept through it. it was however nicely danced. the holi number was enjoyable, but not memorable. same went for the other songs. for someone who looked forward to this movie, i was heavily disappointed. i had high hopes for rgv because of his jungle, but seems as if he lost his talent during the shooting of this movie. but hopefully he regains his talent for sarkar raj. but this movie is best forgotten. all the positives still do not make up for the boring movie it is.

once in a while in indian cinema there comes along a movie like sholay that changes the way the audience perceives a good movie. and den just once in a while(hopefully) we have a rgv ki aag that breaks all the standards and creates one of its own. a standard so low, it can never be broken. ram gopal varma manages to take a melting pot of talent and create a dish so stale u can smell it from a distance. to take a classic like sholay and assassinate it is totally unforgivable and i can't believe he almost called the movie rgv ki sholay. although sholay had a lot of folklore elements in it, the movie managed to build on its plot by merely defining the characters so distinctively that they lived on forever. what aag does is take these characters and mess them up so badly u'll need a contest to pick the worst. the realism element is totally missing and what the movie ends up providing is a bunch of "actors" parading along in a plot less and seemingly unrelated set of events. one star for this film is a ridiculous waste of a vote. its time for rgv to wake up to the reality of his failure and conjure up another "different" plot that can be categorized under cinema.

i must tell you right up front, i am certainly not an authority on bollywood films and have only seen a handful. however, if you've never seen one, don't start with this one! i have greatly enjoyed the ones i've seen up until this one, but i just couldn't stand this one. i also must tell you up front that i could not finish this film--it was that annoying. so why was it so annoying? 1. there is a character named 'rambha' in the film. he is even more annoying than jar-jar binks--which i never would have believed would have been possible. he is so #@^!# annoying!! he spoke in a falsetto voice and i think was meant to be comic relief. instead, he just grated on my nerves and wanted him to die...slowly! his voice, his mannerisms and his obnoxiousness--he just didn't seem to shut up and dominated every scene he was in--and he needed to die! 2. the heroes had the amazing ability to dodge ak-47 bullets with ease. i kid you not--there was a scene where several unarmed guys took on a small army of guys with these assault rifles!! and, again and again, they avoided taking a single bullet and beat up the ruffians!!! this made stallone's actions in "rambo ii" look mundane!! 3. the film was so gosh-darn loud, in your face and intense--it practically made my brain bleed!! it was as if the film were made by people under the influence of meth!! crazy camera angles, intense music and action, action, action...this movie is clearly designed for someone who can't take a movie with plot and wants nearly 100% action.4. the two main characters and their actions and motivations made zero sense...none whatsoever! perhaps if you are the most ardent action and bollywood fan you can stand this film, but as for me i can see why it's on imdb's infamous bottom 100 list. wow...this film is bad and intensely bad!!

truly shows that hype is not everything. shows by and by what a crappy actor abhishek is and is only getting movies because of his dad and his wife. amitabh as always is solid. ajay devgan as always is shitty and useless and the new guy is a joke. the leading lady is such a waste of an actor. such pathetic movie from such a revered director and from such a big industry. with movies as such i have decreased the amount of bollywood movies i watch.rgv has been making very crappy movies for a while now. time to get different actors. hrithek anyone? bollywood needs madhuri and kajol back. every other leading lady is a half-naked wanna be. pffffft.

overall performance :- at last the long waiting aag hits the screens. unfortunately, it couldn't set progressive fire in the audience. the first best thing to talk about the movie is the idea of remaking the mighty sholay. and varma made a nice choice of changing the total backdrop of the movie. if he repeated the same ramghad backdrop, people will again say there is nothing new in this. different background is appreciative but the way he presented it is not worthy. right from the start of his career with siva in telugu, he had been using the same lighting and kind of background. i seriously dunno this guy varma considers about lighting or not or may be he has no other lighting technique other than like gordon willis godfather. it's all dutch dutch dutch dutch. why would some body use so many dutch angles and extreme closeup shots!!!!!!! the shot division is lame. characters couldn't carry an emotion, performances are not to their mark, storytelling is worse, background is really really terrible.babban:- amitabhz been over prioritized to his job. varma produced great villains like bikumatre, bhavtakur das, mallik bhai but this time he failed in carving the all time best characters of hindi cinema. there's no comparison of gabbar with babban. babban is a more psycho rather than a villain, still he has a soft corner for his brother ( it's a gift in this movie). amitabhz performance is not to his mark. his appearance itself is pathetic. the scar on his nose, symbolizes forgotten villains of black and white cinema. what ever they worked on babban is not successful. babban is no comparison with gabbar.narsimha:- the first best thing about this character is not to put audience in suspense about his hands. if varma did that , it would be like teaching abcd to a bachelor degree holder. itz good he opened the secret early. but the flashback is pathetic. varma couldn't use a great actor like mohanlal to his mark.durga:- the only character with betterment. this character has been improved with satisfactory changes and was used according to the story.heroo, raj, ghunguroo:- no body bothers or at least considers these character. the utter failure of movie starts when director could not work on the close friendship between our heroz. these characters carry nothing to this movie.ramgopalvarma:- his quality is degrading, diminishing. aag totally can be treated as a c grade movie. sholay is a fire of revenge, problem of a town, meaning for true friendship and highly appreciated nuisance and fun by dharmendra. aag never carried an emotion with its characters. storytelling is too weak that it could not make audience feel sympathy for the characters. don't compare aag with sholay, still u will not like it.if you dare watch this movie. you will be burnt alive in ramgopal varma ki aag

this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen in the cinema!! could not wait for it to end. to make matters worse it is given a 12a certificate so you do not see anyone getting shot, just bodies slumping to the ground, even babban getting killed was cut out!!! too many scenes were cut to bring in the younger viewers as i think the makers knew it would flop disastrously!! amitabhs acting was great but that 'basanti' wannabe and the other idiot who plays devgans mate can't even act. devgan was wasted!!i would not watch this for free again and i advise all others who read this to do just the same you have been warned!!

i can't come up with appropriate enough words to describe the horror i felt sitting in that cinema watching ramgopal varma ki aag, the director's half-hearted attempt to pay tribute to that classic bollywood western, sholay. the biggest problem with varma's remake is that he doesn't even try to make a credible film. it's evident in every single frame of this movie that varma's heart is just not in it. what you see on screen is a bad joke at best, a gimmick on the part of the filmmaker, and it pains you to see what little regard he actually shows for a film he claims he's been a fan of all his life.i've seen several bad films over the years, but i can't remember one that's been as much of a torture to sit through as this one. consider yourself very brave if you're able to survive the entire film, because it tests your patience like few films have before.varma may borrow his plot and characters from the original film, but his version is trite and hollow and doesn't have any of the spirit and energy of sholay. ramgopal varma ki aag is actually a mockery of that timeless gem because it turns out to be everything that the original film was not - way-over-the-top, too-long-too-boring, and entirely mindless. much-loved moments from sholay are parodied by varma and for that you want to wring his neck. one of the most memorable scenes in sholay in which dharmendra as veeru climbs up the watertank and threatens to jump down to his death is turned around in this film with ajay devgan playing hero, pulling a pistol to his head threatening to shoot himself. how you wish he'd pulled the trigger and spared us all the agony.not only does ramgopal varma ki aag fail as a remake of sholay, it's a pretty bad effort even as a stand-alone film. the eardrum-damaging background score sounds more like someone clanging vessels in the kitchen, and the camera-work alternates between dramatic and head-spinning. partners in this terrible crime of bringing this ridiculous film to screen are the film's mostly dead-as-wood actors. sushmita sen as devi the widow takes both her role and the film too seriously, punctuating her lines with pauses, staring into camera for effect, and generally performing like her life depends upon it. mohanlal as narsimha, struggles with his hindi dialogue and looks embarrassed to be delivering some of the stupidest lines in his illustrious career. newcomer prashant raj playing jai-equivalent raj has no acting chops to speak of and can't strum up any of the brooding intensity amitabh bachchan brought to the part in the original film.as hero, the new-age veeru, ajay devgan is entirely hopeless, failing miserably in his attempts at comedy. but the film's weakest link, easily the most shocking casting decision is nisha kothari as ghunghroo, who steps into the shoes of hema malini as basanti, the endearing airhead from sholay. nisha kothari is not only the worst actress in this country, but possibly the worst actress in this whole wide world, she gives the word annoying a whole new meaning, and she makes you want to slit your wrists every time she's on screen. and then, there is amitabh bachchan playing babban singh, ramgopal varma's version of hindi cinema's most popular villain gabbar singh. the only actor in this ensemble who recognises the film's over-the-top tone and plays along accordingly, bachchan constructs a menacing character who is a treat to watch. he's meant to be a comic book villain who snarls and sneers and hisses and hams, and he does all of that to good effect. but because he's trapped in such a doomed enterprise, his performance doesn't really help elevate the film in any way.no surprises here, i'm going with zero out of ten and two thumbs down for ramgopal varma ki aag, it one's of those painful movie-watching experiences you wouldn't subject even an enemy to. it's not like varma hasn't handled a remake before. with sarkar he gave us a smart, gripping take on the godfather, and it's a pity he's made this sholay bhature out of such a much-loved classic. ramgopal varma ki aag is his worst career decision ever, it's also a dark spot on his resume he'll be embarrassed of forever. i suspect this film will go down in movie history as ramgopal varma ka daag.

something somewhere must have terribly gone wrong right at the time when the director was perceiving this plot. the movie, that was supposed to be the remake of one of the most loved movies in cinema, fails to deliver in every aspect of movie making. the best of the artists could also not pick up the tuning, that simply goes on to show that the movie in itself was a grave mistake.the editing is poor. direction is crap. acting is out of this world(omg)! the characters who are supposed to look scary force people to laugh on the stupidity of their dialogues and costumes.i wouldn't watch the movie even if someone paid me the cost of the tickets or even gave me a free burger with it.

i, like many other bachchan fans, having been eagerly awaiting the remake of sholay. this movie was not it. thank god they didn't let them use the name "sholay" in the movie title. ram gopal's remake is not worthy of the title. the camera work, the locations, the costumes, the totally out-of-place dancing, the dialogue all combined to make the worst movie i have ever seen. you wonder if the cast of actors agreed to make this movie because they needed money and ram gopal was paying a lot of money for the cast. the only non-paid actor, the ant, was the only resemblance to the first movie. abishek's role was totally ridiculous, did he need money to pay for the wedding to ash? save your money, your mind and your time, don't bother with this movie or the dvd when that comes out.

first of all sorry for giving even a rating of 1 to this movie (nothing less than this available). the film fails in every department be it screenplay, direction, characterization or acting. 1) to start with, the name of the movie is really c class (though the movie itself match up to the name). 2) amitabh bachchan tries his best to live up to the character but the weak script coupled with pathetic direction ends up making him a humorous character. 3) in sholay gabbar singh has reward of 50,000 on him (which was convincing). here in aag the figure was 100 crores for babban (amitabh bachchan but poor man was beaten by our so called hero's and had only few men bikes to commute (with all automatic guns). making a sholay like movie in mumbai type setup in modern time doesn't look convincing. 4) as for nisha kothari, somebody needs to tell her that she doesn't know acting. why is ram gopal verma casting her again and again ? 5) mohanlal was good but there is hardly anything for him to do. 6) sushant singh and rajpal yadav who are great actors are wasted in the movie. 7) legendry role played by lila misra (mausi of basanti) in sholay is replaced cheaply in this movie by some gangu mummy. ramu please grow up and understand that there needs to be some intellect in your movie. enough of stupid characters in your movie like shiva and aag. 8) should not say anything about modern jai and veeru..pathetic to the greatest extent.to summarize, i was shocked to see this movie because it looks like a cheap and comic translation of original classic. please don't waste money and time on this movie. i think watching aap ka surror (which i thought was the worst movie possible) would be a better idea than to see this horrible package of stupid characters, bad songs and miserable direction.thanks, saurabh

this film was absolutely...ugh i can't find the word oh wait... crap! i mean when it started i was like yeah this looks good and then after it was so boring. i nearly fell asleep and it had nothing to do with the fact that i caught a late showing because it was utter filth. ram gopal varma has tried his best but the cast could never live up to the cast of the original sholay i mean what was he thinking doing a remake. what was he trying to do? be like sanjay leeli bhansani and win all the awards next year like he did for black? ajay and that other guy were good especially the other guy who played raj because out of all of them he was the one to look at. what was amitabh doing? he's destroying his own dignity by doing all these stupid films. first nishabd then cheeni kum then jhoom barabar jhoom and now this i mean hes got to gather a bit of his money and move as far away from bollywood as possible before he loses all his respect and i'm telling you he's already past half his way. i mean all this is really good for the other actors like shah rukh khan who's getting a really good name now because of the recent downfall of amitabh. i never really liked him because he thinks he's god and i just knew abhishek was going to be in that movie. if you want to save your £17.75 and spend it on something good go watch heyy babyy because that's just the funniest movie ever and it's number one in the charts!

this is the first time i'm writing a comment on a movie on imdb. but i had to write it for this one. its 3 hrs of unadulterated torture. from the starting u get the idea that the movie is gonna be bad. the acting is pathetic. i'm a big fan of ajay devgan (loved him in bhagat singh) but he is at his worst in this movie. amitabh seems to have worked hard for this one, but somehow the fear is missing. prashant raj is a non actor. and the most irritating part of the movie is nisha kothari. i have no clue why the director took her in this movie. the background score is repetitive. somehow i felt that ramu tried to repeat a sarkar, the color theme, the background score, the camera angles, but it didn't work. please don't watch it

i saw the film and i got screwed, because the film was foolish and boring. i thought ram gopal varma will justify his work but unfortunately he failed and the whole film got spoiled and they spoiled "sholay". the cast and crew was bad. the whole theater slept while watching the movie some people ran away in the middle. amithab bachan's acting is poor, i thought this movie will be greatest hit of the year but this film will be the greatest flop of the year,sure. nobody did justice to their work, including ajay devagan. this film don't deserve any audiences. i bet that this film will flop. "finally this movie sucks"

what's happening to rgv? he seems to repeat himself in every movie. has he run out of creative ideas? if he has, time to take a back seat. went to see the movie with great anticipation - of course not once did i imagine it would be anywhere near the original. i knew it wouldn't, the promos said it all. but even then i thought it would be a great rgv treat, after all isn't he the same guy who directed sathya and company? or is he? i have my doubts after watching aag. i am not going to talk about the plot or the story, as most of it is taken from the original, if you are really dying to go and see this one, you could play a fun game with friends: identify the scenes from the original one and give ratings of your own! so veeru becomes heero (how corny is that?), guess heeru wouldn't sound that great. ajay devgan is quite a disaster as heero, the comedy is strained and the slurred talk that really was effective in company sounds fake. the chemistry between heero and gunghroo (nisha kothari) doesn't exists at all. in fact the more charming nisha tries to be the more irritating she becomes. this reaches a peak by the end. raj is in fact not bad as compared to the others, he is a guy to watch in the future. i was really disappointed with amitabh bachchan as babban, he looks like a caricature of gabbar singh. there is a scene where he is drinking something from a bowl all covered in a shawl, instead of inspiring fear he looks like a beggar with his bowl. the only performance that really stood out was mohan lal as inspector narasimha. i am afraid i don't have the patience to write more.

if the scale went negative i would be happier. seeing sushmita sen was nice, and nisha kothari has a bright future but the producer and the director ruined any and all enjoyment in this story. the choice of angles, choice of lighting and well everything distracted from trying to remember what is the story. oh, if the songs and dances haven't caused you to rip your ears off your head, first. the film could have been made twice at 1.25 hours, and been pretty good, kinda like "seven samurai" but the director and writer didn't go that direction, even if the "townsfolk" finally find their backbone and want to help. this movie fails on so many levels: editing, writing, photography angles, style, lighting, script - name any aspect of this film - it was bad - probably the food from the caterer was bad too. i have never in 6 years of watching indian (bollywood) movies seen something this badly made.

lets start off by saying that "jawani diwani" is just a pathetic movie. i agree with the last person who said "i missed the joyride". lol. the jokes were just terrible. performances were average. something went terribly wrong with the film. emraan totally deserved something better. all celina jaitley did was expose. hrishitta bhatt was ok. emraan hashmi was ok too.mann (emraan hashmi)is a desperate guy who wants to become famous. therefore, he uses radha and pretends he loves her, only because her father is a music director and could help him become famous (since, the father obeys everything his daughter says). one day, mann and his friends go to goa to have some fun. there he meets roma (celina jaitley) and totally falls for her looks and tries to flirt with her bla bla bla. then, that night roma cannot open the door to her room, and mann decides to help her. seeing that he cannot as well, roma goes to ask for help. while she is gone, mann is able to open the door and decides to come inside and sits on her bed bla bla bla. roma comes in and they have a one night stand. however, in that one night- stand roma falls in love with him. that morning, they spot the underworld don (mahesh)who sees it all. the don loves roma and couldn't stand what he saw. he orders them to get married, and being frightened, mann obeys the order and merry's roma. then, their marriage news ends up in the newspaper. mann is later finds out that he loves roma after they do a music video together. he is now trapped between love and fame. bla bla bla.the movie is horrible. the songs "sini ne sini ne" is fantastic the remix version is even better. "dil diwana" is also great. the title track is also awesome. guys, avoid watching this movie.

this movie is a great example of how even some very funny jokes can go terribly wrong. i really expected at least something from this movie after seeing the add which was funny as hell but the movie wasn't half as good.the weird part is that the jokes are actually funny, the spoofs of the smoking ban, jo bole... etc. are genuinely good jokes but i don't know whom to blame this movie flop on.the prime candidates may be:- 1) the hammers ( actors) and hammeresses (actresses) and not even the funny kind 2) the director 3)the guy who cast the actors and/or the director anyway if you are really really bored and i mean really see this movie, or else get a copy of each and every ad or teaser of this movie and laugh your butt of because those will be far funnier than the film.p.s the only saving grace of this film is mahesh manjrekar and the funny chappu bhai

this is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies i've ever had the misfortune to sit through. every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. the main character, maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. the supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. nor do we ever really understand the john stanton character supposedly influencing maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. at one point, i thought "aha! maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient stanton! now we're getting somewhere!" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from maddox's perspective and the viewer's. where's ferris bueller when we need him?

i came to new port south expecting a surrogate movie about the columbine school massacre similar to gus van sant's elephant and certainly the synopsis in the tv guide stating that a student sociopath rebels against the system did give me that impression but this is a very boring movie where little happens so consider yourself warned the story is about maddox , a chicago high school student who decides to strike back at what he perceives to be an authoritarian regime . the major problem is that the character is underwritten and the actor who plays him blake shields is unable to embellish any script deficiencies . you have the gut feeling that maddox should have the evil charisma of hitler , saddam or bin laden but he never comes across as anything more than a petulant truculent teenager and it's impossible to believe he could rally any disciples . the subtext of you overthrow one manipulative authoritarian regime only to replace it with another manipulative regime is too obvious which means new port south is an entirely unconvincing drama that's not worth going out of your way to see

about five minutes in, and i saw where this was heading. bunch of high school kids get annoyed by the school's administration and thoughts of rebellion start fomenting. i said to my girlfriend: if it gets below a 5 on imdb, i'll go and read a book. it got 5.0, so she persuaded me to go on watching. what are the good things? well, it is a good thing this film does not have a story, because you would surely be distracted from it by the editing. it's like the student's drawing that was torn up by one of the teachers, all the footage for this film was cut up in a freak accident involving a meat-grinder, and left half the stock destroyed, with the other half spliced into two-second bits. even in a ten-second scene of the local tv news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. and then there are the montages. these are all set to electronic music, which forewarns you of yet another montage, so that like pavlov's dog you start cringing every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. oh, i was supposed to say what's good about this film. well, the film was shot very well, with a nice color palette, that nicely matched the emotional content - such as there was - of the scenes. okay, now with the film's major flaw, and it wasn't the story, or lack thereof. the director made that fatal mistake of leading you astray about people and situations, not by clever storytelling, but by being highly selective about what to show about the main characters. that's just cheating. i guess he did it in order to make the central character more likable. but it just became plain annoying. if the story is full of holes, it's no good trying to patch it up by misdirecting the viewer. and often there wasn't even any point to it. and then the ending. basically, the main villain of the peace turns out be an okay guy, if a coward. plus it turns what seemed to be the whole point of the movie, that you should stand up for a just cause on its head, by the already mentioned misdirection, and makes it into a point about the nature of revolutions, that was already made, and much better, by animal farm. it also committed what i call the bill cosby sin: no matter how things may seem at first, in the end adults are always right, and children always wrong. and let's face it: unless you're me, that's just not true.

this film is terrible. the characters are completely unbelievable, and wildly inconsistent. the plot is awful and some of the classroom scenes are cringe-worthy and make for uncomfortable viewing.in fact the quality of the script and characterisation would suggest that this film was written by high school students, only the utter lack of credibility to the school environment would suggest that, in fact, the writers probably never went to high school. the acting in most cases was weak too, although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot, i am not sure that any actors could have made this film watchable.having said that the sound track was ok, and the cinematography was nice in places (although the editing was poor).

i'm still trying to figure out if there was a point to this film.for content that's supposed to be so 'rebellious' and 'controversial' the things that maddox distributes to the students are awfully lame. students seem to be easily swayed by vague anti-authoritarian sentiments and snippets of words illegibly scrawled onto leaflets. rebel, everybody.i suppose it would have been too much to ask to have a teenage rebellion film where a school fire alarm doesn't get set off.apparently a 'huge fight up on the football fields' is a fight that consists of two people.characters personalities seem to wildly vary at random. a football jock who maddox was fighting (and who subsequently got a staple on the face) is all smiles and apologies the next day.the fact that it doesn't come to any real conclusion of the plot makes me feel that the whole thing could have been fitted into a half hour after school special. if they had cut most of the attempted pseudo-glitch soundtrack.

this movie makes a promising start and then gets very confused and muddled. kamal hasan has made a lot of effort in getting the period look right, pity he did not spend more time on the plot. most of the small characters in the movie show up for no particular reason.overall very disappointing, i would recommend avoiding this movie.

i would of given this film a zero out of ten, but i will give it a two. reason one is that shah rukh khan appears in the film, which is not really a reason. last point is that rani appears in this film and does a smooch with kamal. i love rani very much and have a respect that she is a great actress. which is why i didn't enjoy her in this movie kissing kamal, but its no big deal. anyway enough of the bedroom scenes that made this film noticeable, lets actually talk about this film. is it good or bad, i think its a completely rubbish movie that made me yawn. me being a fantastic critic, you can see my other 250+ review's by clicking on my name, i have great taste. the movie is not entertaining is one thing and if this is suppose to be hard hitting cinema, why is there no morale in this movie. its a biased movie thats not a true story and it stinks. watching kamal kissing these actresses makes me sick, man cant kiss properly anyway.

this movie seems to start in the middle, introduces peripheral players as if they were significant and presents main characters without any substance and paper-thin and/or impenetrable back-stories. almost nobody has a credible or discernible motivation for their actions in this film. the plot rambles and ultimately goes nowhere, the dialogue is clunky and trite and the director has little concept of how to get the best from his actors. it almost feels like there's a first half of this movie but it never got made.we're told that a mysterious pyramid has appeared over new york city and that central park has inexplicably become an arctic wasteland. yet none of this seems to have caused much of a stir amongst the general population and is only of minimal concern to the government.we're presented with the "evil corporation" in eugenics but that's really just a convenient conceit to populate the universe with a couple power-tripping minions. the whole "eugenics-is-bad" double-entendre is heavy-handed and never really pans out here. we're supposed to care about the central characters but we never learn enough about them to know why. so much about this world is underdeveloped or completely undeveloped that it comes off as a 1-hour, 40-minute fatalistic rationalization for rape.on the "ground-breaking" digitally animated world created here, all i can say is that at about the same time as this film was made several other directors did the same thing with more seamless and believable results.after spending the time to watch this film the most burning question left in my mind was, "so what?"

i love science fiction, i am fascinated by egyptian mythology and i appreciate digital animation. i figured a movie that combines these three would be at least enjoyable. i could not have been more wrong: the story (or actually the lack there of) was completely uninspired and lacks imagination - while imagination usually is the biggest component of any science fiction story. the dialogue and acting are even worse than in an average porno movie. especially thomas kretschmann gives new meaning to the term 'bad performance'. bad acting wouldn't have been such a huge problem if only 'director' bilal didn't take himself so seriously; all the lines sound like they are supposed to be poetic, it looks like bilal really thinks he has made a piece of art here. well, there's no art or poetry to be found in this piece of junk, only pretentiousness! this man should really stick to making comics, since he fails on all possible accounts as a director. worst of all is the terrible digital animation, which is so ugly that it actually turns watching this movie into a physically painful experience. the graphics look so fake they even make the werewolves in 'van helsing' look like live actors! and since half the characters are cgi-animated, it is quite a problem that the cgi-effects look so fake. if the egyptian gods actually exist then bilal's a dead guy, since they will no doubt take gruesome revenge on him for the ridiculous way in which he portrays them in this disastrously bad movie.

i saw this at an arty cinema that was also showing "last days" and some charlie chaplin films. based on the quality of the other features, i decided to give "immortel" a chance. i nearly walked out of this movie, and i like science-fiction! the story is set in a futuristic new york city, filled with blade runner-style sky advertisements and some similar debates about cloning/synthetic humans. unfortunately, the screenplay was not condensed enough for an hour-and-forty-five-minute movie. three groups exist in this world: humans, artificial humans, and egyptian gods. the artificial humans seem to have the upper hand and control the politics of the city. the humans are slaves and are used for eugenics and organ donation. the egyptian gods have a floating pyramid (modeled on the great pyramid of khufu, and complete with a deteriorated exterior, leaving a smooth "cap" on the pyramid. wouldn't a floating futuristic pyramid be in perfect condition?). the pyramid rests above the city and nobody on the ground understands what it is or why it's there. i won't bore you with the so-called plot, but there is lots of unnecessary gore and many gross-out scenes. the film, as i said, looks to have been influenced by blade runner, and perhaps also by the fifth element and the matrix. at the end of the film credits were listed thank-yous to the united kingdom, france, and italy. the film is french, but uses british actors who don't speak french. hence, it is obvious that their french dialog has been dubbed. this is a distraction, and i also thought that switching back and forth between real humans and animations quite distracting. it doesn't help that the animations are poor--no better than a video game. skip this one.

i thoroughly enjoyed bilal's graphic novel when it came out, and was amazed when i saw the trailer for this film, and even more so when i found that bilal had directed it himself. the film, however, was a major letdown. the visuals are nowhere near the rich and gritty texture of the original artworks, and the story is poorly told. bilal seems to have chosen to focus on the more esoteric aspects of the graphic novel, and he doesn't do a very good job at it, either.the most enjoyable part of the original graphic novel was the friendship-hate relationship between nikopol and horus. they were both out of their right time and place, forced together by circumstance. most of all, they were funny and likable. not so here. nikopol has no discernible personality whatsoever, and horus is a pompous twit who just wants to get laid. even though the film is french, horus doesn't have to be!we have all seen films we enjoyed, but wouldn't recommend to everyone, for some reason or other. i wouldn't recommend immortel to anyone, except maybe as a warning not to overreach your talent and resources. bilal's a master storyteller, but obviously not a master of every visual medium.

kill me later" has an interesting initial premise: a suicidal woman (selma blair) on the verge of jumping off the top of an office building is protects a bank robber (max beesley) who promises to "kill her later."the actual execution of this premise, however, falls flat as almost every action serves as a mere device to move the plot toward its predictable conclusion. shoddily written characters who exhibit no motive for their behaviors compromise the quality of acting all around. lack of character depth especially diminishes selma blair's performance, whose character shawn vacillates from being morose to acting "cool" and ultimately comes across as a confused dolt. this is unfortunate, as under other circumstances ms. blair is an appealing and capable actress.compounding matters for the worse is director dana lustig's insistence on using rapid cuts, incongruous special effects (e.g. look for an unintentionally hilarious infrared motorcycle chase at the end), and a hip soundtrack in the hopes of appealing to the short attention spans of the mtv crowd. certainly ms. lustig proves that she is able to master the technical side of direction, but in no way does her skill help overcome the film's inherent problems and thus the movie drags on to the end. clearly, lustig has a distinct visual style; however it is perhaps better suited to music videos than to feature film.the producers (ram bergman & lustig)can be commended for their ability to realize this film: they were able to scare up $1.5 million to finance the film, secure a good cast, and get domestic and foreign distribution. this is no small feat for an independent film. yet given the quality of the product, the result is a mixed bag.

this movie was clearly done poorly and in a rush. i realize that the funding for any such movie is hard to come by. however if the plot had any kind of original substance someone would have seen that it got the necessary funding, this was not the case and movies like this are not necessary themselves and have no purpose in existing. the plot for this movie has been done and done better i might add, many times before. there is no reason to make a movie that has no chance in competing with any others. i was informed by my computer that i need a minimum of ten lines to submit my comment so the following lines are just bull to fill in space. in my opinion there is no need for anything else to be said about this film. what i've said is plenty and if you wasted enough time reading this review, than for god's sake don't waste more time watching this movie. the only exception to this is if you are the kind of person who likes watching crappy movies that get played on the womens entertainment network at 2:00 a.m. in that case go ahead see what i care.

despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered "old" and out-of-date a few years ago. the cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch. the script is decent enough, and a few scenes did kind of captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). but the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible. the performance by the actor who plays selma blair's married boyfriend seriously bothered me. i did sit through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of random, what-is-this movie you just find on tv and decide to watch.

i enjoyed the feel of the opening few minutes, but 20-minutes in i was liberally applying the fast-forward button. far too many shots of stewart (michael zelniker) walking from room to room, down hallways, through doors and down the street, and as many shots of him looking pensive and confused. gave me the impression that the story had originally been meant as a short (20-30 minutes), and then stretched into a feature as a labour of love between director grieve and star zelniker (they co-wrote the screenplay).it might have been more entertaining if any of the characters had anything to say that i hadn't heard said in many other films before, or if the ending wasn't - disappointingly - the one i had predicted three minutes into the film (atypical for an independent/smaller studio film). at least its heart was in the right place - it wasn't your standard formulaic hollywood manipulative nonsense.

i consider stuart bliss the worst movie i have ever seen.the acting was terrible and the plot ludicrous. i get the fact that the main character's wife leaving him triggered a mental breakdown, but it got so silly and boring, after a while i could have cared less about any of the characters.the movie kept going over and over the same ideas without anything fresh or surprising to add to the plot. the whole thing with the geiger counter got too much after a while after stuart started opening up his wall to see what was behind it after the counter indicated something was there.then there was the repetitive scenes with the flyer, and the confusing ones where he meets himself.i should have guessed that this movie was a flop when i didn't recognize any of the actors. do yourself a favor when this movie comes up, read a book! you'll be better off.

this is possibly the worst version of the play i have seen - several times on stage apart from the movie.a very nice idea for the set up - the american south can give a credible backdrop for the extreme reaction round hero's supposed misdemeanour.but the execution! widdoes is a very mannered beatrice giving a particularly poor performance. waterston, a fine actor, is not much better as benedict.the poorest performance is in the role of don john - it makes keanu reeves look good. perhaps the desire to make it a caricature along the lines of the villain who ties the maiden to the train track fits with the keystone kops capers of dogberry and his men - but the acting makes you want to cringe.successful set-ups include the scene where they fool benedict into believing beatrice loves him - were the acting competent it would be superb. but the use of the river and the visual humour of benedict moving closer is well produced.overall i had to force myself to keep watching but it certainly didn't keep my attention.very disappointing.with respect to latter comments above i am nearly 40. i've been watching stage and screen productions of shakespeare for over 2 decades. might i suggest when trying to defend your friends you speak to the piece rather than attack other reviewers when you are so inadequately armed in terms of fact. i can assume though, from your distaste regarding youth, that you are of sufficient age where the mannered acting of bygone days is more to your taste.my personal favourite pairing was rylance and mcteer on the london stage. unlike widdoes, mcteer, a skilled and charismatic performer, can act.

this is a very bland and inert production of one of shakespeare's most vibrant plays. i can only guess that the intent was to make the play as accessible and understandable as possible to an audience that has not been exposed to shakespeare before. by doing this, though - by making every line clear and every intent obvious - they have drained the play of life and turned it into a flat caricature. somehow, it is actually boring - a very hard feat given such wonderful material.the acting is forgettable at best - sam waterston as benedick and douglas watson as don pedro. others, however, do not fare so well. april shawnham's hero is a pouty, breathless airhead that frequently provokes winces. jerry mayer's don john is a nonsensical cartoon character on the level of snidely whiplash (though snidley was much more enjoyable).f. murray abraham (you know, the guy who killed mozart?) is not in this version, unless he was in disguise and had his name removed from the credits.given that the producer, joseph papp, is basically a theater god, this production is not only disappointing but head-scratching as well.don't bother with this. watch branagh's much ado instead - his version is overflowing with vitality and humor, to say nothing of wonderful performances.

painful. painful is the only word to describe this awful rendition of such a fun and interesting shakespearean play. i gave it a shot but was terribly disappointed and couldn't bare to even finish viewing it. to the person who wrote a novel about how wonderful this twist of much ado was, i pity you and your bored brain. may your pretenses about young viewers be lifted without retribution. please do not even bother with this gut wrenching, disgusting excuse for a performance of an acclaimed shakespeare drama. you will be forced to induce vomiting and will require a commode close to the television with which you choose to watch this crap because involuntary defecation will take place.

i've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story yet the story line wasn't good at all. the play of the actors weren't any better.of course shahrukh khan was there yet he wasn't enough to make this movie "credible" and interesting.i've read that this movie was based on the novel of flaubert "madame bovary" yet for me i didn't see it matching with the indian mentality.in general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. i just can't understand how it could get such a "high" vote with an average of 6.8/10.so it's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it! you will just waste your time unless if you like "dark movie" with "strange and non sense story".

maya is a woman without any interests. she just dreams her life away and wonders, why she does not feel fulfilled. this could be an interesting topic. that would need a good story, a nice setting and good dialogues. it doesn't have any of these. this movie is totally boring. there are only lengths and no climaxes.the only climax is shahrukh khan. but although i am a huge fan of his, i couldn't stand this movie. even he can't make this movie exiting. the movie is not as bad as "king uncle" and if you're an art-house fan or like it slow, you might maybe like it. it's not funny, it's not interesting, it's not catching. my recommendation: don't watch it.

impressed! this is the worst srk movie and one of the worst bollywood movies i ever saw! i didn't like the novel, but this movie made it worse! very bad music, even worse actors (apart from srk of course, though even he doesn't manage to save the movie), and not much sense. the director makes it all look very confusing, god knows why... maybe it's because he's trying to make it all look very surrealistic, and yet credible. well, he manages neither.even if you've got a few hours to loose, don't watch this movie, please! (saying this for your own welfare!) keep searching, you will find something else to watch!

ok, i am not a professional movie critic but come on...a true story!!!!they are tunneling under another store to get underneath the bank and stumble across a tomb. at tomb with a passageway which goes directly under the bank.ok, i'll play along.but then they get into the bank and decide to go to sleep. yeah!!! i am sure with all the adrenaline pumping through them they are going to just fall asleep. this blows the whole picture!!!! how lame!!!!!glad i didn't have to pay to watch this one.

"the man in the attic" is a movie set in the 1910s. it is inspired by a true story. unfortunately, it's a story that really didn't need to be told.looking at the box, the people responsible for packaging the movie tried their best to make this film appear steamy and erotic. they use terms such as "illicit passion", "forbidden affair", and "unlimited pleasures". they even show a picture of neil patrick harris (little doogie howser, m.d.) holding a gun!the story involves krista, played by anne archer. she is unhappily married to a gentleman who owns his own business. edward (harris) is an employee of her husband's company. krista and edward end up falling in love with each other.the supposedly "shocking" part of the movie is this: krista's husband finds out about the affair and forbids them from ever seeing each other again. so what do they decide to do? krista ends up having edward live up in their attic. wow! krista ends up seeing someone else and edward gets extremely jealous. so on and so on and so on."the man in the attic" doesn't cover any new territory. it's a showtime original picture, which explains why the stars are a couple of b-list actors and both appear briefly in the buff.

ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? or any taiwanese movie? propably for a reason. this one was a really boring one, even though it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.having read other peoples thoughts, i was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. some blood puking and other lame stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed. they clearly didn't use the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potent.pretty much nothing good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few ok black magic spells, like the eel one. the plot was confusing and boring. the characters were thin and annoying, including the main character. the horror aspect didn't work at all, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (not that scary really). this is the worst asian horror movie i have ever seen.

this is the story of a young woman seduced and then dumped by her older, married lover after she gets pregnant; she avenges herself against him, and his entire family, through black magic  which, disappointingly, she doesn't do herself but has someone else do for her. good production values for a thai horror flick. but the bland script never generates suspense, the director approaches the material entirely conventionally, and the final act loses viewer sympathy for the victims by throwing logic to the winds. at one point, a character has a prime opportunity to simply shoot the villainess dead, and instead she gets up and runs away without picking up the gun. bad writing  you're soaking in it! some icky gore effects, including a really tasteless late-term-fetus corpse and one guy dying from having hundreds of live eels burst out of his stomach. only recommended for genre completists who simply have to see every horror film produced in asia in the last 15 years.

i absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? ok my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure i'm well out of the room before it comes on. its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. what happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? i mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? i wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.

i feel like i've just watched a snuff film....a beautifully acted, taut, engrossing and horrible thing! a two hour litany of perversion in the most basic and all inclusive sense of the word, sexual violence and torture, rape, decapitation, incest, corruption, live burial, and abuse, abuse, abuse. no redemption whatsoever. and i was entertained. i couldn't stop watching. what does this say about me, about the people who make and act in this sort of thing, and a world that has become so desensitized that eventually real snuff films will be the norm. and i'm neither puritanical nor humorless, i don't try to hide from the existence of darkness, and i definitely have not led a sheltered life, but i am ashamed of myself. and i'm sorry to see my british cousins dragging the subject-matter sewers the way my own tribe does. it doesn't have to be cozy, but does it have to wallow in vicarious sadism?

no spoilers here but i have been a fan since waking the dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. the stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. i found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. as a bbc licence payer, after the show i rang bbc complaints to pass on my disappointment. i'm amazed that actors of the calibre of trevor eve and sue johnstone didn't object to the story lines. these actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. it's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of father christmas!paul bentley, west yorkshire, england.

bruce lee was a great martial artist, but this film still is probably one of the worst films ever made. it has bruce lee die as the result of falling off a helicopter after being hit by some kind of a ninja knife to the back of the neck but it doesn't explain how he came to be on a helicopter since the prior scene has him near but not on the helicopter which is already 200 feet in the air. it just gets downright absurd from then, like something out of a cheap comic book. maybe the idea isn't so rotten but it isn't done with any degree of artistry from a film making point of view. there are dozens of such martial arts bombers out there, usually all made in hong kong. i think that jean claude van dam improved the genre with adding plausible stories in his films and having film makers who know how to use the camera. even steven seagal's films are way better than 90 percent of the martial arts junk movies made during the 1970s and early 1980s in hong kong. 'game of death ii' falls into the category of junk cinema in my opinion, despite bruce lee being in it.

i found this movie boring, monotonous and quite uninteresting with a hurried, shallow "upbeat" ending that didn't ring true to the overall story. following these characters through a weekend of awful events, unfriendly attitudes and bad news just isn't my idea of a watchable, interesting movie and i got very tired of its "one note" theme and couldn't wait for it to end--in fact i almost stopped about halfway through. the whole movie just seemed pointless and wandering, and the characters were for the most part depressing and unpleasant, though the acting was good. a small movie with small ambitions and small appeal--sorry, but it just didn't make it with me, and i love good, small films! this one just didn't jell, though i kept watching it hoping and trusting that it would. i was disappointed, especially after two local reviewers put it on their "year's 10 best" list. i'd strongly recommend watching "the house of sand" instead--now there's a good, small film!

this is, ostensibly, a movie about multiple grief. as such, it ought to move viewers and make them empathetic with the plight of the main characters. however, its irritatingly postmodern style makes it almost incomprehensible. the camera continually switches from one scene to another, from one personal crisis to the next, creating a choppy, disjointed effect. most characters appear to live aimless, unstructured lives, held together by their professional commitments. (it also stretches credibility that a man who has just been given what amounts to a likely death sentence, would cheerfully indulge in a sex romp with a woman he has just met). the storyline (if there is a storyline) is difficult to follow. in sum, the overall effect is rather disappointing. in spite of all that, the acting is generally good and some of the scenes are quite powerful.

something i really love about this woman's short films was the elusiveness of theme -- especially in "living with happiness." this film has some nice beginnings -- unusual location and the potential for a strange cinematic treatment, but fails to succeed with clunky expositional dialogue, patchy performances and very television coverage.it's once again charming television and very ordinary cinema. the ideas are so fleshed out that they almost feel pat like a television commercial. but the sentiment is good so we can't complain too much.i really would love to see this director make a full length animation and try and work with a producer who doesn't demand so much boring clarity.

the film had some likable aspects. perhaps too many for my taste. it felt as though the writer/director was desperately trying to get us to feel the inner conflict of all of its characters. not once, a few times...but all of the time. this is the job of television, not cinema. the location of the train station was well chosen and i enjoyed sascha horler's performance as the pregnant friend. i felt as though justine clarke's performance was wan. her reactions to things felt forced, as though the director were trying to vocalise the themes of the film through her protagonist's expressions. i also can't believe that a director can make the wonderful daniela farinacci into an unbelievable presence. i cannot understand the choice of pop music slapped over entire sequences. this is a lazy device, especially where the pop music comes from no place diagetic to the film and/or where the lyrics of the song feel embarrassingly earnest. that said, there is a breezy quality about the film that evokes the australian heat and local attitude with originality. it does create an atmosphere of heat and sunshine. especially with the usage of wonderful animation sequences that rescue the film from complete mediocrity, infusing it with passion and hand-crafted charm. i am curious why the dialogue feels so overworked. "who knows if there's a god? like some guy sitting there up in the sky telling us what to do" or whatever the line was. perhaps one of the more embarrassing moments was the friend returning home from cricket with a bunch of flowers to declare to his wife "i'm giving up smoking." an anti-smoking commercial? a tac ad with some tasteful animation? i had to leave the cinema at the 50 minute mark -- it was all too much.

a trooper is on the side of the road making sure every1 is obeying the speed limit (doing his job); he then pulls over a woman who appears she is a mother (there is a child in the back seat); he then is telling her what is wrong and bam...they get killed. okay, this is the start of what i personally thought would have been a good movie. when i was watching this movie in the theatre i was with some friends. this was our first night out after the summer so we wanted to go and see a good movie. we all decided to see a suspense/thriller that looked good to everyone in the group...this was one of the biggest mistakes of my life. not only did i waste $7.oo on a movie ticket, but i had to sit through torture for the brain. this movie started off with mystery and suspense and i seriously thought "this cant be bad"...i was so wrong. the whole problem with this movie is that it makes no sense; even if you can get passed the bad acting, the "not so scary" storyline, and the over all horrible mess this movie was, you will still be puzzled. it's not because you're not smart enough to understand it, it's because no human with a brain could comprehend what this stupid movie is about. right now you may be thinking "oh man! i have to watch this movie just to see if it's as bad as this person says it is". get that thought out of your head right now!!! i'm trying to save you the trouble of watching this movie by telling you that it is so bad that there is no point in even considering seeing it. please people don't make the same mistake i did thinking that this movie has potential...it doesn't. i give this movie 1 out of 10 (if i could give a zero i would), and i do not recommend anyone to ever see this movie, you'll be saving yourself many sleepless nights trying to think w.t.f. that freaking movie is about.

first this movie was not that bad.it was entertaining...at least to me for probably all the wrong reasons. i have never seen the original so can't compare the two.this movie reminded me of that weird christopher reeve movie village of the damned. the two movies have different plots, but that creepy disgusted feeling and unwanted comedy exist in both.the wicker man is suppose to be a mystery/thriller/men please don't anger the women movie. i don't know the whole pagan thing and sacrifice was a little off.nicholas cage, his glorious bad self goes to a secluded island called summerisle when he receives a letter in calligraphy from his long lost fiancée who claims her daughter has been taken and hidden by fellow islanders. cage is a police officer and being the weary policeman he is he goes to the semi uncharted island leaving no word of his whereabouts to anyone who is located in the real world. stupid.things get weirder when the large amish-esquire women who populate the island snarl at him and lie about the whereabouts of the missing girl. his fiancée is no help who seems to be elusive and weary the whole time. cage stays on the island when he learns that the missing girl is his daughter and he is the lucky man tricked to come to this island as a sacrificial victim during the islands sick harvest festival.in this movie males do not fare so well. a sick twisted display of feminism? i found the movie laughable at times particularly when cage punches some women and runs around in a bear suit. i think there were too many potholes in this movie. i find the whole concept of angry women secluding themselves on an island without any care for males quite entertaining, but the way it was portrayed in this movie was just weird. while most women have had some jerk hurt and anger them this is clearly a form of sexism. i would have turned the movie off in disgust if the roles were reversed. this movie is something to watch maybe just once or twice. it is not a thriller it should be categorized as just strange.

it's unfortunate that you can't go any lower than one star. prior to watching the wicker man, i had considered aliens 3 to be the only movie that would actually merit negative stars. in all fairness, the wicker man doesn't detract from the enjoyment of an earlier film, but the fact remains that my cumulative movie enjoyment has been reduced by seeing it.there is a cheap trick all too often used in hollywood when the producers are too stingy to hire good writers or in too much of a hurry to allow them to bring a plot to a satisfactory conclusion: slap in a shocker ending and hope that the public will mistake it for something artistic or meaningful. it is a gambit that rarely succeeds and in this case manages only to splatter embarrassment on a fine actor and ridicule upon the producers. even more so in that the "carefully crafted" (or however they put it) conclusion didn't seem to follow logically from the plot (which naturally i can't elaborate on without introducing spoilers), and instead negates what merit the plot had up to that point.it is a film that might logically appeal to psychopaths, pedophiles, and possibly die-hard nicholas cage fans, but only to a few of the mainstream audience. if you really want something along these lines, i heartily recommend m. night shyamalan's the village instead. lacking some kind of memory-erasing pill, i suppose i need to watch something better to force it from my mind, say, attack of the killer tomatoes or pee-wee's big adventure?

i'm a big fan of nicolas cage and i never thought he would work on a movie like this. i couldn't believe the other reviews and i thought it shouldn't be bad to watch it at least once...but trust me, it is.i haven't seen the old movie..but why would they want to remake a movie like this. the very basic idea of a good horror movie is either it should have an extremely intelligent script or it should be extremely graphic. this film doesn't fall under any of those and just remains dumb.i just kept watching the movie hoping it would get interesting at some point , but it never does. so this movie is a big no no for both horror movie fans as well as for the cage fans. you could probably for it show up on television.

waitress: honey, here's them eggs you ordered. honey, like bee, get it? that's called pointless foreshadowing.edward basket: huh? (on the road) basket: here's your doll back, little girl. you really shouldn't be so careless with your belongings.little girl: yeah, whatever.crash! boom! whoosh! crackle basket: i think that something bad is about to happen.(later) basket: mmmm. vicodin! what the ? (tears open letter.) wow! my ex-girl's handwriting has really improved. and look, her missing daughter looks kinda like the girl with the doll i accidentally was sort of responsible for getting killed, in a way. and she kind of has my hairline. i wonder, should i torture myself and go find her? let's see what my friends at the precinct think.basket's fellow male cop: hahaha. willow's a funny name.basket: i think that something bad is about to happen.(on the island) basket: what's in the sack? ahhh.tree-named crone: it's not her daughter, though.(in the tavern) basket: can you swing that? big-boned, tree-named tavern wench: huh? basket: (smashes a bee). everything is ok.sensually pretty, formerly promising actress playing a lusty tavern scullery maid: that's good. honey's not a plant, though.(on the greensward) willow: oh, yeah, and i forgot, you are the father my child, conan, er, i mean rowen. (yawns.) i could have stayed and had a life with you. but i didn't. i wanted to be princess of the beehive, instead. i mean, never mind. (nods off, jerks awake, widens eyes to anime proportions). mwah, kiss-kiss. love ya! what were we talking about? basket: who burned it? who burned it? who burned it? who burned it? who burned it? willow: edward. sniff. blink. why. are. you. yelling. at. me? is it because i jacked your vicodin? sniff. snore. what were we talking about? basket: i think something bad is about to happen.willow: my lips hurt.(in the schoolroom) rose: what is man? unappealling twins, in unison: phallic symbol, phallic symbol.rose: echo? echo? basket: step away from the bike.rose: and i'm the good twin.basket: i think something bad is about to happen.(at the beehives) basket: hmmm. hallo? ow, ow, ow, oh bother. silly old bear. snore.(at the queen bee's mansion) sister summersisle: you have so much potential. what are you doing here? weren't you the stud cher slapped in the face in moonstruck? (licks lips.) basket: i was about to ask you the same thing. where's the girl? sister summersisle: how you drone on. let's talk about the significance of my superfluous "s." basket: look out for that semi-truck barreling toward us! aaaaah! oh. never mind. goddammit! (pops another pill.) mmmm. thorazine.(back at the tavern) big-boned, supercilious tavern wench: i've tried weightwatchers, jenny craig, south beech, and i still went up a bear-suit size since last year.tree-named crone: hahaha. all the better to roast that nosy cop in, my dear.big-boned wench: totally.basket: that was the last straw that broke the basket case's back! take that, wench! (slugs her.) (edward basket is mysteriously attacked from behind) voluptuous tavern wench: eeee! snap out of it! leave the island already and take me with you! do i have to tackle you or what? snap out of it, i say! eeee! basket: take that, wench! (courageously kicks her in the face. her eyes roll back in her head and become cartoon xs.) voluptuous wench: snore (at the nicolas cage roast) ellen burstyn: and who can forget the part where basket's cell phone rings in the middle of his bear suit scene and then the call gets dropped. it's like a wireless ad: help me! can you hear me now? hahaha.kate beahan: and remember when i produced the bullets i jacked from basket's gun? he looked so surprised. you should be more careful with your belongings, nick. hahaha. and your movie choices.all: the drone must die! basket: (screaming) oh, yeah, you bitches? well, roasting me isn't gonna help your goddamn honey! aaah. my legs! honey, (honey, get it?) put down that torch and step away from the basket case. honey! smokey bear says don't play with matches. hahaha. what the? look out for that hurtling semi-truck! ahh! oh. goddammit, these flashbacks from my drug experimentation phase in the seventies are getting old! where's my heroin? ouch. ouch. my watch isn't fireproof. ouch. i think something bad is about to happen. can you hear me now? i'm ready for my close up. goddammit! (six months later) voluptuous wench in modern-day slutty attire: i told that eponymous basket case to take me with him.innocent young drone: i like to help people.volptuous wench: then get me out of my contract for the sequel! i think something bad is about to happen. eeeee!

sometimes laughter in the middle of a horror film is a signal of its greatness. i remember the nervous laughter from the audience in the re-release of the excorcist really nervous laughter. it punctuated just how freaked out we all were watching the voice of satan coming out of a 12 year old girl. in the case of the 2006 remake of the 1972 cult classic the wicker man however, it made me think that this new wickerman is about as scary as the south park character, scuzzlebut, the friendly forest monster with tv's patrick duffy for a leg and a celery stalk for an arm who's favorite hobby is weaving wicker baskets.3 years ago a friend of mine in hollywood told me that he heard that nicolas cage was going to do a remake of the film. i started laughing and my friend (keith) got mad at me touting nicolas cage as a great actor. i just didn't think that he could pull it off and unfortunately for moviegoers i was right. gone is the realness, the outstanding original music, the originality, the creepiness and the wonderfully powerful dialogue. instead we have horror movie clichés, affected acting and changes to the storyline that make any believability fall apart. like many of the countless hollywood remakes we have been inundated with lately this feels like we are watching 4th graders on a playground "playing wickerman".the original film takes place on a remote scottish isle where a scottish police officer is lured there to find a missing young girl named rowan morrison. in the new spin a california cop (cage) is lured to an island of the coast of washington state by his ex-girlfriend to find her missing daughter. she sends a photo and the missing daughter looks exactly like a young girl he tried to save in a fiery crash not long ago. the crash still haunts him in part because the girl's body was never found. yet even after he gets a letter with her picture in it that connection is completely cast aside as he heads north, alone, to help his ex-girlfriend find her daughter. he arrives to find an island full of actors pretending to be the descendants of wiccans, many of whom seem like they didn't get call backs for roles in the village. and like the village it isn't long before you realize there is nothing to be afraid of here. not even the cloudy eyed blind sisters who speak in unison.i think that the opportunity in hollywood to make great amounts of money on a film often comes at great expense to the artistry. i think someone like nicolas cage who is in so many films these days loses touch with the magic that film can be when it gets to the point where he has a personal chef on the set preparing his snacks. we needed a bad re-make of the wickerman like we needed yet another '9-11' movie. i'm starting to wonder if nicolas changed his surname from coppola because he wanted to or because he was pleaded with to do so.

if edward woodward was the the flicks watching this film then that's what he would scream out in horror. i'm sorry folks but enough's enough. we had get carter, the italian job, alfie and now this. what's the similarities? no. it's not exactly a coincidence that three of the originals star maurice micklewhite and the other stars another great british actor. the main common ingredient in those originals is the britishness of the films. they weren't made to impress hollywood. they were quirky english films with a unique charm/atmosphere that just cannot be replicated in the usa. the word is cult and what better way to destroy a cult film than to bastardise it with a remake or even a sequel. wicker 06 had a tough task before it even hit the road. wicker 73 is even more enigmatic that other said cult films; it defies genre, intelligent scripts, a-grade actors, the music score, set-pieces that defy description and all the stories surrounding the film.so here comes a remake. don't worry. no originals were harmed in the making of this remake. some major aspects of the story needed to be reworked for the modern usa - communications, paganism, virgins. but that's just about the whole premise. so we give the cop a nam style trauma past complete with shock music flashbacks for the cheap scares. then with no mobile phone mast on the island that sorts the communication out - but in the real world this wouldn't happen. cops just don't go missing. give him a blood link for motivation rather than the clash of beliefs and you have the remake. wafer thin though, isn't it?it's just that it was all laid on with a trowel. the name alterations were simply hammy, almost carry on, there was no sense of community on the island, no centre of town to catch your bearings, just a few houses dotted about a forest and that was it. willow was just annoying by not giving out any info at all and cage was useless to let her get away with it. when he went into the well you just knew he would get locked it. the screenplay was signposted all the way to the end - and you just wanted it to hurry up and end. the epilogue was absolutely hilarious and didn't know when to stop. that ending is probably the best way to summarise the difference between the two. one ends in the most beautiful sunset after the most horrific day. the other ends with a post-production explain-it-all-to-the-thickies type conclusion.i loved the original but went to the cinema with an open mind and was excited to see the film. i left thankful in the knowledge that this film will probably end up beneath a highway somewhere only this time mercifully forgotten forever.

ok, so i am an original wicker man fan and i usually don't like british films remade by americans, so why oh why did i put myself through the most painful cinema experiences ever? i am not a nicolas cage fan and i had some kind of moment of madness perhaps? the film was appalling! the bit at the beginning with the crash/fire had no relevance to the film at all and the female cop knew where edward was going, so the bit at the end with the two girls visiting the mainland, well it wouldn't have happened as the whole thing would have been investigated. the history behind the wicker man wasn't really explored - and i guess being set in america didn't really help the whole pagan theme. this film was slow and contained no atmosphere or suspense. i must say that the best bit was right at the end, when nicolas cage goes up in flames! i am in such desperate need to see the original again now, in order to cleanse my disappointed soul. i really can't stress how disappointing this film is, please don't see it if you:a) don't like american re-makes of british films b) are a fan of the original c) hate nicolas cage

well, finally got to see the remake last night in london, unintentionally hilarious, sexless and devoid of any real humour. i don't really know where to start, whilst i was entertained by this strange homage, it didn't really move me. the acting is screamingly hammy, there is no original music, the costumes are far too 'disney' there is a ridiculous 'six months later' insert after the burning of nic cage (which didn't come soon enough for my liking) the bit with cage in the bear suit had the audience suppressing mirth as did the comedy punching out of various 'baddies' on the island. it's such a weird remake that i cant quite believe i saw it, it reminded me of something that the comic strip presents would have done in the eighties, a bit like their hollywood interpretation of the miner's strike, very strange!

the wicker man has done the impossible! it replaced cat woman as the worst recent movie in my steel trap cinema mind. yes it's really that bad. so bad that when sitting down to write this review i thought to myself "if i had a choice to either see this movie again or to have red hot needles shoved in my eyes" i might actually go for the red hot needles.neil labute created a rare movie where joel schumacher could sit back and say with comfort and a guilt free mind "yeah that's some bad direction right there".i think the first clue for myself should have been the tag line: "some sacrifices must be made". sure it might sound sort of cheeky ominous line to intrigue you but the sacrifice will be all on the audience side of the screen. trust me on this the people responsible for this movie should be charged with a hate crime..or at least fraud for trying to pass this off as anything resembling entertainment. seriously! the movie is about an island where men are just there for breeding and i would still rather with be stuck on gilligans island with only pictures of condoleezza rice then find myself stranded there.the most entertaining part about this movie was the guy who ripped the loudest fart i've ever heard in a movie theater. that's not a joke nor is it fictional. i've never been to a "thriller" and heard so much laughter through out the entire film. i can't tell you with an certainty if the laughs were intentional in some effort to lighten the cinematic tension or if they just really thought this crud would actual fly. i honestly found myself routing for a power outage or a perhaps a fight to break out in the movie theater, anything to make this more interesting which is pretty sad since deez, powder and i pounded 2 beers each before the film just for a little mental anesthesia (soon to be a law before all nic cage films, write to your congressman today, don't delay). at one point i actually thought perhaps this movie is really a spoof and anna ferris is going to show upoh how i wish.nic cage throws out so much ham per frame i'm thinking of having a cholesterol test done today. to think that i ever thought sean penn was a d*ck for slamming nic's acting, oh he's still a d*ck just lesser of oneyes sean penn's d*ck was lessened because of this film. do us all a favor nic play your strengths and stick to being pathetic losers and drunks. you cannot play superman you do not get to play strong hunky roles go straight to jail do not pass go do not collect 200 dollars. his best moments in this film are when he finally comes unhinged and actually punches out a burly woman to steal her bear suit (like the fart, not a joke or a functional moment during this review) then proceeds to run amok like conan o'brian's masturbating bear, but with half the hilarity of a bear knocking his junk around. thankfully he meets his end shortly after when it turns out he's to be a sacrifice to the crowd at the new tour hybrid show of burning man and lilith fair. yes!!!! i just spoiled the ending for youand if you knew any better you'd build statues of me in worship and sing songs of my legend. i sat through this crap-fest so you don't have to.about half way through this little misadventure i kept thinking to myself jack bauer would have wrapped this case up in 20 minutes of real time..ok 35 minutes if kim gets attacked by a mountain lion first. even steve martin as inspector clouseau could have figured this out in under an hourand you sir are no inspector clouseau.if for some reason you are taken captive and you have a choice to see this film or take a bullet, take the bullet.somewhere uwe boll is laughing at us all.

a phenomenal achievement in awfulness. it's actually hilariously awful.first off...nicholas cage must now have made it to the finals in the over-emoting category in his acting class. wearing new hair plugs and with a face that has been lifted so many times his pinned back ears seem to be straining to touch in the back he oozes not only a sick smarmiess but creates a "hero" character that you have no vested interest in.i don't know what it is with neil labute and female characters. he makes females out to be totally deviant and evil...and pays them back by having cage punch several of them directly in the face and call them all "b****es" a few times too. i've enjoyed labute's early films and a few of his plays...but it's a strange fascination he has.i'd give this film a 2 out of 10 solely based on ellen burstyn's performance. by the time she finally makes her appearance (bravely soldiering through her scenes with her wig line clearly visible on her forehead) it seems like all hope may be lost. she deserves an oscar right here and now for saying her lines with a straight face and when she appears wearing a white mumu and blue, white, and gold face paint booming about the wicker man you know that working with scorcese and friedkin really prepped her for this role dang well.this movie is so wrong-headed and cuckoo that is has to be seen to be believed.highlights include: nicholas cage running away from a swarm of bees and then falling down a hill.nicholas cage stealing a bicycle and looking like ms. gulch from the wizard of oz riding around on it.nicholas cage running around the island kicking down doors looking for the missing girl.leelee sobieski plummeting from a once-promising acting career in a "brawl" with cage.ellen burstyn dancing around in a said while mumu.nicholas cage screaming "who burned it? who burned it? who burned it?who burned it?who burned it?who burned it?" for no reason.nicholas cage in a bear costume (i'm not kidding) running through the woods, taking off the costume (but leaving the bear feet on) and then doing some karate moves to some villains.and you haven't lived until you have seen the final 15 minutes of the movie and its dreadful epilogue that looked like it was shot yesterday in your cousin's basement.needless to say, if you can make it through this film without laughing out loud then you deserve a medal. there was actually a point in the movie where i stopped snickering to wonder if maybe this wasn't an elaborate send-up of "hysteria" films...only to be reminded when cage would scream/shout/whisper his dialogue that he really was taking himself quite seriously.i think this one is destined to be a cult film all over again...just because it's so dreadful.

i have never seen the 1973, older highly rated version. i am a nicholas cage fan (by the way, fine acting as usual). this movie probably took all of five minutes to hammer out the whole plot (i can see it being done on a cocktail napkin at a dinner party), if you can't figure out the ending of this drool in the first thirty minutes you will probably find this movie entertaining. this is, of late, the terrible rut that hollywood seems to have dug for itself with the horror/mystery/thriller genre, unable to give the audience enough credit and write a fresh, smart, and tantalizing screenplay, they dish out some creepy music and throw in a couple of things to make you jump a little and then send the final print off to your local theater. at least, it didn't have the jiggling hand-held camera syndrome.

just recently, i've been obsessing over and anticipating this movie so much that i almost had to see it. well, having just seen it today, the 5.8 rating is completely understandable. i think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a dire need, it turns out not to be worth it. sure, the hills have eyes 2 has its moments. it has a very cool and well-developed storyline that ties in well with the actual product itself, but the whole thing is so self-indulged that it becomes so hard to follow. and if it weren't for wes craven's production on this film, it wouldn't be anything to do with the original remake. but the whole thing makes you go "is this supposed to be horror or comedy?" because there are lots of ridiculous, randomly placed jump moments and stupid one liners (i.e. "there's a hand in the sh**er!" or "you motherfu**er! i'll kill you all damn sons of b**tches!") and the acting (god don't even remind me how bad it was.storyline: (this part contains spoilers, beware!) the movie begins with a woman giving birth to a mutant baby (ooh la la!), and then the screen fades to black with the movie's title appearing, and a monologue. then we go to this office where there are randomly placed war veteran mannequins. we find that this is for this one scientist keeping track of people looking for mutants. the box to keep track of audio feeds is gone, and everyone dies! after that tone-setting opening, you'd expect more.then, we go to this one team of military recruits training in baghdad. as the captain parades them "a good job at stupidity", their last day of training is in new mexico, the desert where the family in the last thhe had stayed because they were stuck. while in training, things go ultimately wrong, people die, and... do i need to tell you any more? because right now i have the attention span of a goldfish just forcing myself to sit here and type this.the thing that's wrong with thhe2 is that it just dosen't work. no flashbacks here, and the ending is pretty safe... but with a twist! a stupid one, that is. i'm pretty sure the ultra super director's cut with a holographic cover and a ticket to the hills have eyes 3 will showcase all of it's alternate endings, but at this point, i'm not sure if i care. so by all means, if you loved the first thhe so much it's almost a sin not to see this, then by all means, see it. but if else, then, avoid at all costs. it's for your own good.3/10

this movie was just plain dumb i do not think it was scary at all i went in hoping to be shocked and scared but was mostly laughing some of the scenes were just to fake and thrown together blood scenes were extremely over cg and some of the mutants were ridiculously gay looking it also sucked because the acting was just plain horrible u think they could get some good actors and most of the characters i hated just because how stupid and lame they acted even though they were supposed to be in the military i get to watch movies for free and seen many people walking out im guessing because it was so dumb kinda glad i didn't have to pay for it in short dumb ass movie don't see it...but then again thats my opinion

the film picks up after last years remake with the military setting up electronic surveillance equipment in the desert where the attacks in the first film happened. the crew is killed not long before a group of soldiers on a training exercise show up to find no one around. you can fill in the rest.this is a paycheck picture all around. there seems to be no passion in anyone's performances, nor in anyone behind the camera. this is a movie that was made for the money and nothing else. on some level this should have worked, it could have been a more horrific southern comfort (where national guardsmen run afoul of some people in the swamps), but instead its not much of anything. in large part you can blame the script, written unbelievably in part by wes craven, which hits the same old targets again and again. add to the mess the fact that the direction is dull and the set up of sequences is so lack luster as to remove any inherent tension in any scene.its not bad as such, but badly made and dull. let me put my feelings into context: the reason i saw this film was because a local multiplex screwed up and ran this film instead of the kids flick the last mimzy and i wanted to see what caused the out cry(i mean the films have so much in common-he says sarcastically). i'm convinced that this film will only scare those who like the last mimzy.

alexandre aja's remake of the hills have eyes was one of the bright spots of 2006. not only was it a remake of a classic horror film, but it was pretty damned good too. so, nearly a year later, we are being treated to the sequel to that remake. while original scripter wes craven is back as producer and co scripted, this film just fails to rise to the level set by the original and the remake. a group of military trainees stop by in the desert to check in on some scientists and find themselves run afoul of the mutant family from the first film (at least those that remain plus some new ones). there's plenty of gore to be had here. what annoys me about this film is the utter lack of characterization. the viewer does not give a damn about what happens to any of these people because we haven't gotten into them. even the mutants had some characterization last time out and this time, nothing. gore for the sake of gore is pointless. there has to be a reason for this to happen for it to be interesting. nothing that happens here is interesting. and what is it lately with rape scenes in films? here we get yet another one for no real reason. hopefully this is one set of hills that won't be visited again.

as has been stated countless times, "the hills have eyes 2" is not a remake of the (generally disregarded) mid-'80s sequel to wes craven's 1977 original. but wishing to give this postmodern sequel-to-a-remake the official stamp of diminishing returns, craven himself (a double threat alongside his son, jonathan) has decided to pen a film that is of the same quality--in plain english, horrible. former music-video director martin weisz takes the reins from alexandre aja, and is clearly in way over his head--yet one wonders how anyone could have created a watchable film from the cravens' screen writing 101 scrawl. not only are the characters (in this case, a gang of goofball national guards(wo)men sent to investigate the turbulent hills of the original remake) completely obnoxious and prone to really annoying genre pitfalls (played without a lick of irony, mind you), but they are constantly cracking jokes that aren't funny. after viewing their total ineptitude during a training exercise, their fate against the repulsive, roaming cannibals is painfully obvious. only this time out--as in the original '80s sequel--the script is so simplistic (barely existent, actually) that any potential subtext is jettisoned in favor of upping the ante in repulsive shocks (we're treated to a combo childbirth-murder during the opening credits, plus a gratuitous rape for those who haven't ejected the dvd by the midpoint!). even the mutants in this outing are personality-free freaks of no memorable stature--the tacky, rubbery-looking makeup fx seems, like the rest of the film, to be trying to hide its face from embarrassment. i really groaned at the lame 'surprise' at the end of aja's otherwise excellent film, and the producers quite literally go for broke at the end of "hills 2," setting the stage--very lamely setting the stage--for a third installment...yet the cravens and weisz have created a film that is such a cynical bastardization of what made the 1977/2006 versions work that they'd be hard-pressed to find an audience after this insulting slap in the face.

i'm no horror movie buff, but my wife's nieces and nephews are. so, i saw the first movie. it was gruesome, and tense, but not my taste. still good though. for similar reasons, at this very moment, i am being exposed to a sequel.the premise itself is beyond absurd. i can buy that disasters occur in the desert. i can buy that mutants exists. i can even buy that the events might be so weird and strange that the military may decide to get involved. it is unlikely, yes, but i'm willing to suspend my belief.however, under no circumstances am i willing to believe that the military squad assigned to recon such an area would be unable to fend off the mutants. being a member of the united states army, i can assure that while fresh recruits may lack the seasoned eyes and experience of combat soldiers, any such recruits would be integrated into a capable squad.a squad of armed soldiers is not about to be taken out by a few mutants with knives. that's just the way it works. squad movements, vastly superior firepower, and of course, radio support, would ensure nothing less than total victory. i'm not saying you wouldn't have casualties, but as soon as the area was verified as hostile, military training would take precedence, no-one would go off on their own even to use the bathroom.and if it were discovered that the area was so infested with hostiles that the squad was unable to handle the danger, they would radio in for backup. and believe me, their radios would not be jammed, if there was a chance that normal radios would not do, the squad would have a military issue satellite phone. chances are, if they were unable to check in every hour, a search would be called.in order to accept this movie, you must accept that our soldiers are incompetent fools, with incompetent leaders, and an incompetent chain of command. while it may still be true that the most dangerous thing in the world is a lieutenant with a map and compass, our military forces are filled with intelligent, well-trained, competent soldiers. mutants with knives are far below our ability to deal with.with the whole execution of the movie depending solidly on the impossible to imagine, the film fails to deliver. instead, we are expected to believe that our soldiers, sailors, and airmen are incapable of dealing with even the most mediocre threats.as a combat veteran, i find the movie insulting.

no plot, crappy acting, and pointless gore....this is supposed to be a horror movie? there's no fear, or suspense, just boom bang gore, then done. some kinda marines are in the desert for some weird, crappy reason and they get hunted down by those mutated beasts from the first movie, which was good, and should have been left it at that.this is just another excuse for money, and use of pointless violence, just like the "saw" sequels. they know no matter how pointless the plot is, and the more gore they can add, people will see it. i miss good suspenseful horror movies. come on hollywood, you can do much, much better.

i didn't expect much when i saw this at the palm springs film fest this weekend. it was an alternate choice when two other films were sold out. still, i held out hope. it sounded a bit much like "bride and prejudice" (l.a. guy falls for an indian beauty, parental conflict, blah blah blah). b&p was not perfect but it was an enjoyable film with some good laughs and likable characters."my bollywood bride" had none of that. the acting seemed stilted and way to by-the-numbers. characters were so cliché the story seemed like it could have been written by high school freshman drama student. technically, the sound really bothered me. it seemed as if there was a lot of over-dubbing of dialogue. i mean a lot. i know sometimes it's necessary but it sounded like half the film was shot in a closet and it became very distracting.two stars is being somewhat generous.

unbelievable!this film gets a 7 out 0f 10. this has to be one of the worst films i have seen in years. not only was the acting incredibly bad, the storyline (if you can call it that) was just as bad. offcourse everyone knows what's going to happen within the first 5 minutes. which is not a bad thing if you can captivate the audience during leading up to that moment. that however, is not the case. there is no action, no suspense, not even a spark between the 2 leading actors. it was unfortunately a waste of my time, and certainly a waste of my money. and the 2 of merely for trying

i saw most of "my bollywood bride" today at the iaac film festival in new york and had to leave the theater due to feelings of nausea welling up within me. i've seen bollywood movies, and i've seen satires of bollywood movies. this movie couldn't decide which one it wanted to be, so it ended up being a joke on itself.it seems to have been liberally copied from movies like bride and prejudice and bollywood calling, and what a sloppy, lazy job at that. how can bollywood ever be weaned off of its determination to stick to overused, well-trodden scripts? is there no one who can bring to the screen the millions of real, fascinating stories that surely exist and transpire in the land of a billion people? the over-smart auto driver, the cow on the street, gratuitous scenes of foreign locations, pointless scenes of mumbai streets, they're all in there. every possible cliché about india has been faithfully included. so sickeningly predictable. ugh!!! acting performances are weak across the board except for neha dubey, who is talented and beautiful. one wonders why she would pick a project like this.

it wasn't notable enough to be truly horrible, it was just incredibly lame. the story was not half bad, but the execution was just horrendous.to start with, it moved too fast for us to emotionally get involved with what was going on. it was just paced badly. the dialog was so utterly un-sparkling, just flat and boring.and the characters, cripes almightly, they made deadpool boring. how the hell do you make deadpool boring? he wasn't even funny. he wasn't crazy. he was just an annoying guy with a couple of swords he did not even know how to use properly.gambit was boring. and since when did he have telekenisis to make the cards just float and fly around, or super strength to leap hundreds of feet into the air? and what the heck was up with all the stupid helicopter moves? i mean, we know they are mutants, but they still exist within the realm of physics. a round bo staff is not a helicopter blade, you cannot fly by twirling super-duper fast. which gambit wouldn't be able to do anyway. nor deadpool, especially when using it as a replacement for real fight choreography.and this film stands as proof that wire work should only be used by fight coordinators who know wth they are doing, and know better than to use it in every. single. shot. as a replacement for real fight choreography.three of the most physical fighters in marvel comics (logan, creed, and wilson), and some of the worst fight choreography i have ever seen in recent film memory. it was as if the stunt coordinator just shrugged his shoulders and left it all up to the special effects guys.and then you had the break out, with all these mutants who did nothing. even mutants who had been shown in their cells to have powers (nice to see a quicksilver nod), did f-all when they got out. only emma-really-lame-for-this-film-frost and cyclops did something.and since when was logan so pretty? and the stupid, "the bullet will take his memory away." don't you think xavier and the x-men would have noticed the big freaking bullet holes in his adamantium skull when they x-rayed him in x1? i felt sorry for liev schrieber man, he actually brought in a good sabretooth considering the script. he made one of marvel's more simple super villains feel real. but he could not save the film from it's own epic lameness.seriously, this was "daredevil" level of suck. decent story, good actors, absolutely horrible execution.

most would agree that the character of wolverine is one of the most intriguing characters in comic book history. i'm no marvel expert, but i did grow up with the adventures of the x-men and definitely approved of hugh jackman's now widely known portrayal of the scruffy logan. i enjoyed the first x-men, found the sequel too heavy and messy and liked the third one as comic book entertainment. all through the three movies, i probably enjoyed jackman more than anything else. i figured the idea of making an "origins"-movie about wolverine could very well end up being a better movie than all of the three x-men movies. if we concentrate on one character, i figured there could be a movie that achieves what i found the second movie failed at - being a fairly complex and character driven comic book adventure.the reason that the wolverine-movie fails is not because the competition is tougher after the dark knight. it's not even because of a plot development that is beyond obvious and rudimentary - even though that certainly isn't good - no, it's because the movie doesn't even seem to try. to begin with, this does not qualify as good entertainment. there is something about the action in this movie that comes off as so very, very automatic. with no greater special effects or elements of suspense, and when one event will make you predict the following five, it almost feels like an uwe boll movie, imitating an action/adventure movie concept that you've seen a dozen times before. of course, nothing in this movie is as downright awful as a piece of bolls**t but when everybody's talking clichés as if they are part of a chain of events that is so standard, you at least make the connection and that surely is bad enough.but there is an even bigger problem. even a generic action movie is a generic action movie and, by the way, that makes you forgive a lot of plot holes and character stupidities. i think you find the most fundamental flaw in the very title. i mean, "origins". really? what to the people behind this movie think about that title? what do they mean?? you want to know the origins of wolverine? he grew up with his brother. they ran away from home during dramatic circumstances. then they went off to war. all of them! the civil war, world war i and ii and vietnam too. why did they do this? still unknown. eventually, the brother (sabertooth, played by liev shrieber) became evil. "how?" you ask. i don't know, it was somewhere between omaha beach and hanoi. "yeah, but why?" you still ask. i just said i don't know!! the movie doesn't explain. he's evil alright! "yeah, but... you know, 'origins'"... yeah, well that's an origin! i mean, duh! anyway, eventually they end up with a super secret team of mutant elite soldiers. something with the government, ho-hum. wolvie gets enough and leave his brother. for six years he's a happy lumberjack with a loved one, who ends up a little defenseless around the time sabretooth suddenly appears again. "yeaaah... but... whyyyy?" - oh shut up! - and wolvie decides to be a guinneapig for a bunch of evil scientist who make him a flesh-covered metal war animal. he goes after all the bad guys and they come after him and after all the fighting he ends up with his memory wiped, cue x-men the first movie.there. that's the origin. you can also find it on the back of the dvd cover. the actual movie won't tell you anything else. with no worthwhile scenes of action, no good heroes, villains or characters in general (lines from my couch audience: fat suit! token black guy! oh, i give you 200 in cash if that girl survives this movie.., that is supposed to be gambit...? mmhm, yeah well... uh-huh, right), not one line of memorable dialog and zero lines to cover a t-shirt with, added to that the common stupid things that ruin the plausibility in general that you might usually forgive...... well, that sounds pretty much like a waste of time, right? fans will check this out, or have already. there's no stopping that. but if you liked the x-men movies for no other reason than that they were well-made and entertaining - see them again and do yourself no favors by trying to look for origins where there are none.

soulless milking of cash cow franchise. generic superhero flick. cgi showcase. gavin hood's "a series of improbable events." combinatoric iteration of mutant fight scenes strung together by inane exposition justifying formation/dissolution of arbitrary alliances. i'm not expecting shakespeare here but the cliché per minute meter was off the charts: primal scream while looking skyward and kneeling over murdered girlfriend. renegade military commander. predictable double crosses. revenge sought for slain lover. erased memories. evil character discovering morality at last minute. misguided failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in melee. lover not really dead. lover actually acting as spy for hero's arch-nemesis. girlfriend/spy actually falls for protagonist. good people work for antagonist in order to save kidnapped family members. evil mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees. kindly old couple care for weary hero and get murdered for their troubles. certain deaths averted as third parties arrive on scene before coup de grace. hero reluctantly joining secret government agency. abandonment of elite squad in protest over slaughter of innocents. scientists unable to control indestructible killing machine of their own creation. outdated but lovable government 'secret weapon' kills off better designed but heartless successor. hero strolls away from wreck and casually lights a trail of gasoline behind him. after everyone has given up, flatlined heart monitor picks up a pulse. evil mastermind explains plans to hero he no longer sees as a threat. hero refuses to kill defeated foe because he's "better than that". transparent comic relief character makes hilarious understatements and offbeat comments. cheerful psychopath revels in random murderous rampages. nigh indestructible goliaths hurl one another through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal. man dispatches dozens of gun wielding enemies with nothing but skillful swordplay. common sense and the laws of physics, biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned. antagonist using loved one's murder as justification for misguided crusade.i could go on but this is just exhausting. if you're over the age of twelve and not living in mom's basement, there's probably nothing here for you. depressingly enough, it's not too far off of par for superhero movies so discount all i've written if you can't get enough of the genre.

this film was slated to be a blockbuster film, and it really is. this is the type of movie that is made to eat popcorn to and watch the flashy graphics. with that in mind, the movie delivers, perhaps not as well as the ultra flashy iron man, but well enough. outside of the popcorn munching action and special effects, the film drops off of the cliff faster than wile e. coyote.many viewers, myself included, will complain about how most of the characters were severely altered, but that only makes the film a poor adaptation, not a poor film. this film is unsatisfactory for other reasons. the makers focused more on making it appealing to the eye than they did to the mind. the characters that have been long awaited and promoted are reduced to 4-scene cameos. the main characters of wolverine, victor creed (never called sabertooth in the film) and colonel stryker are well developed. i was pleasantly surprised by liev schriber's performance. the rest of the characters are tossed to the wayside to make way for the all important eye-candy. wolverine's character is fully developed after 30-minutes, as is sabertooth, though victor does pull off some surprises late in the film.the "final boss" of the film is a twisted and perverse adaptation of the original character and barely gets any development to show just why he is the way he is. the filmmakers obviously felt that all they really needed to do was create a bad ass character who could do anything they wanted and slapped on the name of a popular character.very disappointing...

all of the x-men movies were great. and i mean all of them, including the long hated x-men 3. they had solid characters (magneto and xavier were the best ones, in my opinion), and a good story arch.i was all excited when i heard this movie was on production, and my expectations grew bigger and bigger until i saw the movie. i was so disappointed.hugh jackman is not a bad actor (his best movie is the fountain, although you won't hear about this movie when they talk about the actor), and his acting is not what screws the movie up.the whole film is plagued with lots of meaningless characters that add nothing to the plot (like blob or gambit), which were tossed there to make fans believe that the film makers had read the original comics.i am a fan of xmen, i have read many, many of their stories and this movie respected none of them. none. not even the continuity. it doesn't respect weapon x project, or the relationship between wolverine and sabretooth, or emma frost, the motivations for wolverine are plain stupid and seen in millions of movies: revenge for the death of a loved one.oh. what i was expecting the whole darn movie was a berseker moment for wolverine similar to the one he has in x2 in the school when stryker men come in and he alone decimates the enemy forces, but hey, this is fox, this a family flick and you will not see explicit violence from the most violent and gruesome marvel hero.besides, i had a feeling of constant dejá vù with this movie because wolverine's origins are already explained in x2, we already know how he got his adamantium skeleton so it kind of does not make sense to make a movie of something we already know.i personally believe that wolverine is one of those few characters that does not need a solid back-story because mystery is the nature of the character. do we really want to know how the joker got his scars?

the seventh sign has a great opening hook as the israeli defence force come across a terrorist base . this is the type of hook that is a must when writing a script , it grabs the reader / audience and the introduction of david bannon as he rents a room from abby and russell quinnn telegraphs the point that this is a man who`s not who he says he is . however after the great opening third i found the rest of the movie confusing and uninvolving with a large number of plotholes and isn`t all that different from umpteen other supernatural thrillers that i`ve seen

one of the requirements of science fiction, at least before it starts to become satire, is that it be somewhat plausible. i would think that an anti-matter bomb would do considerably more damage than for what it was intended. but i'll leave that to the physicists who might have seen solar crisis.it is a crisis the earth is facing because solar flares are getting totally out of hand. they're getting close to earth, so much so that it's become unseasonably hot, as if the entire earth were death valley. the answer is an anti-matter bomb which a space ship will have to take to the sun and explode it there. that will divert the flares off in say the direction of say mercury providing it's not in direct alignment with the earth. who to deliver it, but captain tim matheson and his crew. that is if he can keep his mind on the business at hand and not on runaway son, corin nemec. taking care of the personal side of the family problems is admiral charlton heston, matheson's father, and nemec's grandfather.there's a villain here too, peter boyle who is the ceo of a multi-national corporation which in this crisis is trying to control the world's food supply for the survivors. the idea he might not survive doesn't enter into his thinking. he's doing his best to sabotage matheson's mission.solar crisis seems like a bad mix of 2001, a space odyssey and voyage to the bottom of the sea. boyle seems to be taking his cue from gene hackman as lex luthor in superman, apparently he's the only one in the cast who realizes he's in a turkey and overacts accordingly.the rest of the cast are stalwart, true blue and dull. except possibly desert rat jack palance who finds nemec and cares for him. the key here is that the film was directed by that noted hollywood purveyor of flop films, allen smithee. the film gets as much as four stars for the cast involved and it was out in time for a thanksgiving carving.

it was one of those late night "it's there" i saw it things. sometimes they are great. this one was awful, but it really shouldn't have been.the movie had a really good cast. how can you fail when you have charlsten heston and jack pallance? we're talking oscar winner turf here. it had good special effects. it even had some really good tits! and i mean nicely shown, full breast with full nipple and at one point even some beaver. but it didn't compensate for the one missing ingredient - a story! the plot was ludicrous. i don't mean the "solar crisis" sun exploding stuff, but that was bad enough. it was the rest of the stuff - the oh so stupid and totally predictable evil corporation stuff. man that just stank! no amount of good acting or cool space ships or fight scenes could get around that one.i have seen the same cast members be incredibly good. i have seen wonderful science fiction movies that had miniscule casts and budgets. all the difference is in the writing.

disowned by richard c. sarafian, this disaster stunk up japanese theaters before coming to the states and going immediately to video, where it was not seen again until the turner networks needed something other than infomercials to fill their 3am-6am time slots and found this tape at the bottom of their bin. the smithee name is supposed to be used when the studio hacks the movie so badly that the director no longer wants his name attached to it. but i'm afraid that sarafian can not blame the studio entirely on this one. the actors, mostly recent graduates of "overacting 101", deliver one cornball line after another. the plot is convoluted. the special effects are unimpressive. the parts that aren't laughable are just plain boring. the script or the book must have been good - why else would palance, matheson, boyle, or heston agree to appear in this dud? but something went horribly wrong from the page to the screen. summary: avoid. not even bad enough to be so-bad-it's-good.

i picked this title up from a friend who had it sitting in his exhaustive dvd/video/laserdisc collection, so luckily i didn't personally have to pay for it. i had an inkling that it would be a bad film, but i know what a truly bad film is after watching greats like children shouldn't play with dead things and the incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed-up zombies, and now there is truly nothing that fazes me unless it is astoundingly bad.solar crisis is bad, but it doesn't reach that sweet spot of absolute pain that some movies are at.anyway, the general plot is that the sun is about to unleash a huge solar flare towards the earth that will essentially destroy it. in order to counter-act this imminent threat, humanity has assembled a spaceship and crew whose duty it is to fire an antimatter bomb (which the opening describes as "the biggest explosive ever") into the sun, which through some convoluted sci-fi logic will cause the flare to shoot out at a different angle, leaving earth unharmed.never mind that what i have just described to you sounds like a bad episode of the original star trek. even with an ensemble cast (charlton heston, peter boyle, and jack palance), solar crisis can barely manage that level of mediocrity, thanks to a plot that starts simple, yet becomes increasingly nonsensical as time wears on.the crowning achievement of this debacle of a movie is the addition of a villain character (played by boyle) who insists on sabotaging the mission. through means that are never explained, he sends an evil minion with an embarrassingly bad haircut to exercise some sort of vague electronic mind control over the space crew's genetically engineered scientist, played by female lead annabel schofield. why is he sabotaging the mission? because by his moronic viewpoint, he believes the flare won't happen and that when it doesn't, he will become fabulously wealthy because he has dug his evil claws into the stock market. in effect, you have a villain with the most absurdly stupid motivation imaginable.the film's plot becomes amazingly convoluted and develops very slowly, in time tapping the use of characters who have only vague or uselessly brief roles in the storyline. i could sit here and explain in detail precisely what happens to demonstrate the sheer inability of the screenwriter to make a plot that actually clicks or holds your attention, but i am sitting here writing this review on microsoft word and i know for a fact that this would take three pages, and i would only succeed in losing your interest. but then again, you would probably get the same effect from watching the film.anyway, the film is miserably bogged down with exceedingly poor dialogue. imagine if all that ever happened on the star trek enterprise was that the characters spewed sci-fi jargon back and forth at each-other. yes, i know, they already do that, but imagine if that's all they did, and that they used said jargon to set up vague and near-nonsensical scenes that produce no excitement, tension, or interest in the viewer whatsoever.this is best exemplified at the point when a character in a zero-g environment screws a bolt back onto a metal box before proceeding to cry in agony for a couple of minutes before suddenly exploding. the script alludes previously to the character risking an explosion, but doesn't bother to give any solid answer as to why or how this occurs, nor why he can't really escape. in totality, you have a sorry cross between the bizarre and the laughable.then we have several scenes where dramatic build-up leads to nothing. jack palance's performance is wasted on a character that serves only to drive the boy hero (don't ask) around the desert, before getting roughed up and killed by a bunch of suits. on his death-bed, palance finally tells our boy hero his last name (while wearing a horrible bruised makeup job that makes it look like somebody put a balloon under his eyeball), which he kept quiet about before. colonel travis j. richards. the boy repeats it quietly after he expires, giving viewers the impression that the name is of some significance later on in the film. perhaps charlton heston's grizzled admiral character knows him and the plot will advance thereby once his name is repeated. something. anything.nope. sorry. any hopes you have will be dashed when this moment turns out only to be another of many pathetic, failed attempts at creating dramafor a character so flat and hackneyed that it will forever be a stain on palance's career, just as those of the rest of the cast are similarly marred.completing the film is a painfully abrupt ending featuring schofield piloting the bomb into the center of the sun in an effort to redeem her deeds while under the villain's spell, a climax which features another of the film's considerably well-done visual effects sequences that, even for the visibly elaborate care put into them, still always manage to make the film look just as chintzy as it really is. the saddest part about this film is the obviously large budget, tragically wasted on a stinker of a script and a supporting cast behind boyle, heston, and palance that manage to nail the coffin shut with pure over-acting.grade: d-

oh the hilarity! oh the joy! another film that is so bad it's good! or, so i thought. in actual fact, this one misses the "so bad its good" phase and goes, sadly, straight to the "could have been so bad its good, but they screwed it up and made it plain bad".for a start its way too long. cut half an hour and it might have been more endurable. then put in such ludicrous plots as "the man who is sabotaging the mission to save the earth, because he has all the food stockpiled and he'll be rich if the mission fails!". duh!. or the "talking bomb" plot device last seen in dark star. guess what....just like in dark star, the bomb has a malfunction.....hmmmm. add in a dash of "we can't act our way out of a kindergarten play" and you have solar crisis in a nutshell.light relief is to be had in the form of jack palance (or jack pants, as we called him in this flick), whose sole purpose in the film is to drive a kid around the desert and telephone the kid's dad to come pick him up....eventually. between driving and phoning, jack dispenses pointless drivel and leers and cackles a lot, but contributes little to the story, such as it is. in short, he's the best bit of the movie.my award for "the most ironic line delivered straight-faced" goes to charlton heston, who, when meeting his eldest son for the first time in ages, comments that his son looks a little "out of shape" whilst he himself is standing there with his gut bulging over his waistband and in dire need of a captain kirk corset.also amusing is the bad guy's top henchman, who has a bright white hairstyle that kept making me think of andy warhol, for some reason.apart from these hilarities, there's little to recommend this movie. the ending is a sequence copied from (but mercifully shorter than) the end sequence from 2001.tips for enjoying this movie more, if you are foolish enough to watch it, like i did:1. any time the bomb speaks, imagine it's called tarquin (trust me, it works!)2. whenever chuck heston is on screen and about to speak, pre-empt him by reciting a line from planet of the apes such as "get your filthy paws off me!" or similar.3. whenever the female lead is looking stressed (this is most of the time) keep hoping against hope that she's having an aneurism and will die soon.4. during the interminable "the ship's broke again" scenes, keep hoping the tech/engineer guys will spout a scotty-ism like "you cannae change the laws of physics!" or some such crap.other than that, do what it takes to get you through this one. i dozed off half way through and woke to realise i hadn't missed anything, nor had the plot (laughable though it is) advanced any. so don't worry about tuning out for a few, you won't miss anything.

when i had first heard of "solar crisis" then got a load of the cast, i wondered why i had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. then i saw it.now i know.for a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature; it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back.and the effects, while good, are pretty underwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. but other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's no real feel of emergency.don't get me started about the cast. what heston, palance, matheson, boyle, et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess. makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in hollywood....and as far as the end goes.... well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this. if it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, maybe i would have heard of "solar crisis" sooner.two stars. mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves. i wonder how alan smithee keeps his job doing junk like this?

the movie lacks credence with the helicopters which didn't exist until the 1950s. but no woman would do what was done here, even a woman before the women's movement of the 60s and 70s. about the only portion of the movie that you could believe in was that germany would want to know where the landing would be. ignore for the moment that the british had captured all the spies but even if they had not, they wouldn't have let one roam around like this just to reassure the germans that the landing would be at calais. it isn't one major thing that makes the movie not work. it is the culmination of all the things wrong that makes the movie fail. bad directing, bad scripts, no attempt at authenticity (at all) all combine to just make the movie fall flat. generally speaking spies should fade into the woodwork. the suspense comes in with the spy wondering if the information they have is valid or not and worrying about being detected. on this one that game was over from the start. this spy was doing anything but spying. your only chance at getting something that has some credibility and instills some suspense may be to read the book.

to make a good movie you either need excellent actors or an excellent director. you need at least one of the two. in this eye of the needle we have none.i don't even remember the name of the director. he mustn't have done much in his career. i like very much donald sutherland but he absolutely cannot be the main actor in a movie. he falls short. sutherland is excellent in a movie when he appears for not more than 15 minutes. i would say for instance that sutherland was excellent in jfk of oliver stone when he talked to kevin costner on the bench of a park for 10 minutes non-stop without even taking a breath. wonderful. but sutherland being the principal actor in a movie is no good.kate nelligan? she is probably good for tv series. the dvd is awful. terrible colors. terrible light. i couldn't even appreciate the scenery of storm island for how lousy the photography was.this ken follett story was good but it's a pity they turned it into an uninteresting movie.

i don't know what it is about donald sutherland's acting style, or vocal style, but he always seems to be acting from behind a massive wad of soggy kleenex. he's just...i don't know, thick? somnambulistic? on meds? weird.that said, i just saw the flick again for the first time since its original release, and frankly, i don't remember it ending anything like that. a bad ending, too, because nothing gets tied off. what about the dead husband? the annoying child (and was the kid dubbed?)? the scotland yard and military pursuers? i would have liked something wrapping things up and giving some dramatic closure to it all, not just the big panoramic pull-away.and what woman sleeps with the man she knows just killed her husband? even if she was trying to allay needle's suspicions to protect her kid, she could always have had a headache. that last encounter made me feel way too itchy and uncomfortable...

i am partly a fan of miyazaki's work. i say "partly" because most of his films fall into two categories: brilliant, and boring. sadly this film falls into the later category.this film suffers from the same fundamental problems as miyazaki's recent film "howl's moving castle". an intriguing premise is set up, but then immediately reduced to little more than a backdrop for some unfathomable events that only serve to confuse the plot rather than explain it.the first third of the film reveals the post-apocalyptic world the story is set in, and actually looks like an very interesting story is about to unfold. from then on things go down hill. the middle part of the film is mostly made up of thinly-veiled eco-propaganda, and the ending is heavily marred by the reliance on the kind of impenetrable spiritualism which ruins a large number of japanese animated films.overall the film feels as though someone ripped out every other page from the script before passing it on the the animators. what is left is something which is visually stunning (although sadly the version i saw was an nth-generation copy, with poor colour - which gives rise to the common myth that nausicaa shows her bare bottom when flying), but which makes little sense and ultimately left me confused.

(this is a review of the later english release by disney, featuring alison lohman, patrick stewart, and co.) i really wanted this film to be good. really, really. i'm a huge fan of princess mononoke and spirited away, and after seeing all the glowing reviews on this earlier miyazaki film, i was eager to see it. but i was shocked, shocked i say, at the quality of this film. those later films boast well-crafted plots, 3-dimensional characters, and the best film music since...well...ever. this film just doesn't come close.might as well start w/ the positive aspects, though. like all miyazaki films, this one is still very imaginative, with a bizarre fantasy/sci-fi setting, in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species. nausicaa can also boast some far superior animation to other films from its time. (though not as beautiful and fluid as miyazaki's later films) and the english voice acting is quite well done.but this film...just...isn't...good... the characters are all cardboard - from saccharine sweet little nausicaa, to the ruthlessly evil tolmekians, to everyone in between. once you've seen each of them for 30 seconds, you've seen all there is. and the fact that the plot just ambles along doesn't help.then there's the music... now, hisaichi is hands down my favorite film composer, but nausicaa doesn't do him justice. half the music is 80's keyboards on overdrive, and it usually enters and leaves so abruptly that it distracts the visuals rather than helping them. i highly suspect that hisaichi was told to compose a lot of the music before he even saw the picture.but wait! there's a great message with this film, right?! let's all save the environment! too bad that this film hits you over the head with it like a sledgehammer. there is a scene in which nausicaa hugs a tree. no, really. i ain't kidding.it makes me a little sad to talk about how lame this film is. but for some reason all the other reviews on imdb seem to adore it. and when the characters have to talk to themselves in extended sentences to tell you what's going on, that's lame.if you're the kind of person who worships anime, enjoys 80's music, and plants a tree every arbor day, you will probably like this film. otherwise, save your money for his later films, because they rock big time.

tom wolfe's sprawling, brilliantly observed satiric novel of life among new york snobbery gets a glossy look here but is nevertheless not well served. the film suffers not merely from the miscasting of everyman tom hanks as an uncaring yuppie, kewpie-doll melanie griffith as a manipulative southern belle and bruce willis (?!) as the darling of new york's literati. the most serious miscasting was in the director's chair. robert altman might have breathed life into these unlikeable characters and made them interesting, but brian de palma, for all of his visual sophistication, has never had an eye for the nuances of the human experience. the resulting film looks good but seems blah toward its subject of dehumanization in favor of status. honestly, if a satire does not make the viewer angry, what is the point?

based on tom wolfe's satirical novel that was praised by all (i have not read it yet) tom hanks stars as a wall streeter who accidentally kills a black boy while lost in a bad part of nyc willis stars as the reporter who starts hanks on his downward spiral.. the characters are very thin and there seems to be no empathy for anyone in this movie and for a comedy or a satire there arent a lot of laughs either..melanie griffith had her breasts done during filming so a fun thing to do is to see if her boobs change size during different parts of the film..this will keep your mind off other things like the lack of script or humor.. on a scale of one to ten..3

as someone who has both read the novel and seen the film, i have a different take on why the film was such a flop. first, any comparisons between novel and film are purely superficial. they are two different animals.the novel is probably intended as a satire, but it arrives as a cross between tragedy and polemic instead. any comedic elements such as those which later formed the stylistic basis of the film version are merely incidental to the author's uniformly cynical thrust. and lest the omnipresent white suit of the author fool you into thinking this is another mark twain, think again. a more apt literary precedent would be the spectre of ambrose bierce in a top hat and tails. tom wolfe is equal parts clown and hack, more celebrity than author, always looking for new grist for his self-absorbed mill. it is therefore no wonder that the excellent production skills and direction lavished on the making of the film were doomed from the start. unlike true satire, which translates very well into film, polemics are grounded not in universally accessible observations on some form or other of human behavior, but in a single-minded attack on specific people -- whether real or fictional straw men -- who have somehow earned the wrath of the writer. any effort to create a successful filmed story or narrative from such a beginning must have a clean start, free of the writer's influence or interference.having said that, i too find fault with the casting. it is not merely that incompetents like bruce willis and melanie griffith fail to measure up, but that real talents like tom hanks, f. murray abraham, and morgan freeman are either totally wasted or given roles that are mere caricatures.there is enough topical material here for a truly great film satire, but it fails to come even close.

the point of wolfe's original novel -- indeed the point of the whole story -- is that things take place because of a carefully calculated sense of expediency. the goal is survival within a particular kind of life style. the novel is full of malice. the only relationship that rings emotionally true is that between sherman and his daughter, campbell, and that's only touched upon. that aside, everyone is out for what he can get in the way of publicity, power, money or self aggrandizement.wolfe was criticized for hitting every character and every social segment of new york city over the head. his response was a denial. after all, he lived in new york himself and belonged to a neighborhood improvement committee and other admirable organizations, exactly the qualifications one would want on his resume in order to deny that he disliked new yorkers. (wolfe has a phd in american studies from yale and is no dummy.) those supposed weaknesses are what made the novel memorable. nobody was any good. and sherman mccoy wound up broke, a professional protester for social justice. the movie throws all of that away and imposes a moral frame on the story that simply doesn't fit. wolfe did his homework. the novel was rooted in reality. every event was not only possible but thoroughly believable. wolfe might have made a great cultural anthropologist -- he knows how to get inside a system and record its details.yes, any of us might have found ourselves, as sherman and his mistress do, stuck in the south bronx, threatened by a couple of black kids, and making a getaway after bumping into one of them. that scene is transferred neatly from print to celluloid. but after that scene the movie seems not to trust its audience and at times become frantic in its attempt to spell out its message, however nebulous the message is. sherman might accidentally hit some kid and be arrested for it as he is in the novel, but he would not immediately upon his release from jail go back to his phenomenally expensive condo, take out a shotgun, and start shooting into the ceiling with it, as he does in the movee. in what's supposed to be a funny scene, ceiling plaster falls all over the party guests and they scurry away, shrieking. it simply would not have happened. the movie has left the novel's unspeakably detailed reality in the dust. wolfe's sensibility, the work he put into capturing the real, has been lost. what we get instead is a noisy, fantastic, and silly scene that doesn't do anything except wake the audience up. similar empty scenes follow, screaming out for wolfe's verisimilitude.the movie also fails because it thrusts a lot of sin and redemption into an entertaining story of moral nihilism. here we see "don juan in hell" at the opera. we get lectures on redemption from a poet with aids. we see a lot of guilt in sherman. a black judge who preaches from the bench and gives one of those final speeches about how we all have to start behaving nicely again. a reporter who feels sorry for sherman after turning him into a sacrificial lamb. and a happy ending in which sherman gets off by breaking the law with an idiotic grin. the scene sits on the movie like a jester's cap on a circus elephant's head. the movie not only makes points that are already trite and unoriginal, it overstates them, as if the audience were incapable of absorbing any subtleties.it's not the acting or the direction that's poor. the film's not bad in those respects. and the photography is pretty good too, including two rather spectacular shots -- the gargoyles of the chrysler building and the landing of the concorde. it's the script that is thoroughly botched.the first half of the movie, roughly, is okay in conception and execution. it keeps some of the little details from the novel. sherman and judy's dog is named marshall. who the hell would name a dog marshall? it loses its focus almost completely in the second half and on the whole is barely worth watching.wolfe's cynical redneck right-wingism may be offensive to a lot of people, but he's got the cojones to lay his percepts out. alas the writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and thus blew the chance to make a fascinating study of new yorkers.

most book adaptations are bad but this film left out key parts of the storyline and changed the description and some characters. they rewired the storyline and combined scenes and changed the order. they added ridiculous things into it that never happened in the book and would never happen.if i hadn't read the book beforehand it would have been an incredibly dull film, it didn't make you care about the characters, like them or dislike them. it turns the characters into jokes.awful.ridiculous.waste of two hours of my life.

regarded by many critics as one of the biggest stinkers of all time (certainly the biggest stinker of director brian de palma's career).sherman mccoy (tom hanks) is a smug rich boy whose life goes to pieces when he and his lover maria ruskin (melanie griffith) are involved in a hit-and-run. his story is chronicled by another smug guy, reporter peter fallow (bruce willis).well, as i said in my summary...what is this movie supposed to be? it seems to combine comedy, drama, and satire, but it sure doesn't add up to much. it's undermined by unimaginably loathsome, one-dimensional characters who you'd never want to have the displeasure of meeting in real life.i'm no big fan of the novel (i started reading it once, but couldn't finish it because it wasn't to my liking) but it's obvious to me that those who did / do enjoy the novel consider this film to be a complete travesty.i've never seen so many talented actors strive to hard to give a below-average movie some semblance of quality and fail. what a waste.the problems start with casting nice guy tom hanks in a role that is clearly supposed to be unsympathetic. and the role of peter fallow in the novel was that of a brit. bruce willis is badly, badly miscast in the role. what was the thinking there.alas, not even morgan freeman can escape the film with his dignity intact, being obliged to deliver a lame, heavy-handed lecture on 'decency' after the climax.this movie ends up turning into an absurd farce.i liked the assemblage of talent; for that i will give it four out of ten, but i'm sure some people will say a much better movie could have been made from the source material.

this is one of the most atrocious rewrites i've ever viewed. if they want to make a movie with a lousy story, they should refrain from giving it a title of a fine book. there is hardly a relation between wolfe's book and this movie other than the title. i don't mind changes if they help a story flow on screen. at least the changes shouldn't hurt the final product. the last scene in the movie is painfully unconvincing. the actors are miscast. the director and/or screen writer obviously could not decide whether to make a lame comedy or preach an unconvincing sermon.if you've seen this movie and disliked it, try the book. if you've seen this movie and liked it, read the book.

this was a great book and the possibilities for a truly great film were definitely there. but the casting decisions completely wrecked the movie. hanks is a great actor to be sure, but lacks the smarmy, morally ambivalent characteristics needed for the lead role. jeff daniels would have been my choice.putting melanie griffiths in, for eye candy reasons, is understandable, but again, she did not portray the depth or ambivalence, so need to pull this off.this movie is a great example of how every decision, even those early on in the movie production can make or break a file.

bonfires of the vanities is a film drenched in flop sweat. i can recall no film that has tried so hard to be so unrelentingly outrageous, provocative and important, yet failed so consistently across the board. it is like a stand up comic who's not getting laughs, but can't leave the stage. the harder the film tries, the louder each attempt at a laugh results in a resounding thud. the desperation the film displays is so glaring it almost rouses pity for all those involved.the film achieves laugh-out-loud status only twice. once is in the sight of geraldo rivera playing an obnoxious, arrogant and amoral tv tabloid journalist -- which is funny only because he apparently doesn't realize he is playing himself. the other scene that deserves to be laughed at is the film's final "big moment," wherein the judge played by morgan freeman delivers the sanctimonious lecture about what morality is ("it's what your mama taught ya!"). the pomposity of the moment is insulting to the point of being absurd. yet, one must admit it is a noble effort. it does have a good, if poorly cast, band of actors, who try to make characters out of cardboard thin caricatures. the film looks professionally made and the little cinematic flourishes that director brian depalma just loves are apparent, if not particularly effective. but the film, which apparently wishes to be a commentary on modern morals and ethics, never arises above the level of cartoon. satire requires style. farce requires energy. even sitcom requires timing. but the best bonfires can muster is desperation. in the end, you don't want to laugh, you just want to turn away.

i have to admit that i liked the first half of sleepers. it looked good, the acting was even better, the story of childhood, pain and revenge was interesting and moving. a superior hollywood film. but...no one mentioned this so far (at least in the latest 20 comments), when it came to the courtroom scenes and brat pitt´s character followed his plan to rescue his two friends, who are rightly accused of murder, i felt cheated. this movie insulted my intelligence. warning spoilers!!why did anyone accept their false alibi, witnessed by the priest? if these two guys had been with him, why shouldn´t they tell this during the investigation? amnesia? if you were the judge or member of the jury, would you believe it? is it wise to give the motif of the murderers away?i am sorry, but in the end, the story is very weak, and this angers me. this movie had great potential. 4/10

this is the first time i have commented on a film because i felt that if the right person read it, they might wake up and do something about it. over the last few months, abc family began airing a new format of movies. i have seen the last three and enjoyed them. they were engaging and did the trick. my wife likes these films. i was looking forward to viewing "see jane date". the trailers looked and sounded great. unfortunately, this is one film where the book must be light years ahead of the effort displayed by the writers and music people involved with this project. the year is 2003, the source (all bad), the score was as interesting as an elevator ride in a department store. it was intrusive and did not add any emotional content to the film at all. it worked against it. i work in the business of film and television . i enjoy being entertained. this is one instance where i kept thinking could it get any worse. the script had lines from another decade and i know these women can act but you wouldn't know it from this movie. to add to the overall experience, the end left me shaking my head. an advice to the executives at disney, abc , abc family and the producers: under any circumstances please do not hire the composer or music supervisor to do any of your future films. they have lost their touch and they need to understand what the word "contemporary" , "present day" and "current" means when describing a romantic comedy. there is a world passing you by. all in all a huge disappointment from folks at von zerneck-sertner and abc family.

this movie is a muddled mish-mash of clichés from recent cinema. there are some promising ideas in there, but while the director was clearly aiming to wind up with a hauntingly ambiguous film, what he ended up with was a confusing mess. lead actor daniel wu does a fair job but with no central theme it seems as though he doesn't have much to work with. furthermore, the movie is largely devoid of scares (although, in fairness, there are some creepy moments amid the drudgery).*mild spoilers*we have the mysterious death of an estranged twin, diabolical librarians, ghostly love interests, identity confusion, death by savage monkeys, oedipal conflict, abusive stepfathers, sublimated homosexuality, and crime gang connections. the only real commonality these elements share seems to be that they cause the protagonist to express a vague sense of confusion and discontent. perhaps the most disappointing aspect to this film is that despite the brother's death by monkeys being strongly featured on the dvd cover, the act itself is never directly portrayed. instead, director julian lee uses what appears to be stock footage of monkeys - not very scary.*end spoilers*avoid this one. for an excellent psychological, ambiguous horror tale, check out the korean film a tale of two sisters (2003).

this series has its ups and occasional downs, and the latter is the case, here. there's an agreeable amount of spatter, with an inventive implementation of the baby cart's weapons, but the editing film is a seriously disjointed, the film-making itself rougher than usual. at times, the action slows to a crawl as the camera follows the wordless wanderings of the "cub," who nearly gets lost early on. all in all, disappointment.that said, there's a spaghetti eastern quality to the music and action that may win the approval of dedicated viewers. this installment spends much of its time following the minor misadventures of the little boy, who begins to stare into the abyss of death his father opened for him.

"arahan" adds nothing positive to the kung fu genre. to compare this confused motion picture with the inspired craziness and quality of stephen chow's films is a mistake.firstly the fight scenes are nothing new. all that is presented here has been done before and better by the likes of yimou zhang, tony jaa and jackie chan. fights in intelligent motion pictures need logic. there seems no point serving blows that have no damaging effect as in the "matrix" sequels.the attractive female lead so-yi yoon captivated the screen but she never convincingly conquered the physical demands of the role as ziyi zhang had done so easily in "house of flying daggers". having a martial arts background serves well in kung fu movies. to cast actors inexperienced in these skills is a serious mistake (see aya ueto in "asumi") unless you are a very talented director which as "arahan" proves seung-wan ryoo is not.

i began watching this movie with my girl-friend. and after 5 minutes i was alone.i succeed to stay until the end. it has been a painful experience.i liked jean hugues anglade, but i think that he needed to eat, as us, and thus he accepted to play in this movie. there are only 5 characters, and the rest could be called 'art' or something that i couldn't express, but that i didn't understand at all.the only worst movie i saw was crash, but i'm pretty sure now that i have enough experience to watch it successfully again.good luck!! ;o)

i only watched this movie because i was so impressed with olivier martinez in swat. but this is no swat. swat had a plot and some likable characters and made sense. bullfighter had none of these. i should have realized that it couldn't possibly be any good, after all, the always painfully bad michelle forbes had a starring role.one poster here called the movie incoherent. another called it the worst movie ever. both gave the movie far too much credit. i am so glad i got it from the library for free, yet i still feel ripped off.imdb needs to include a "0" in the "rate this film" vote, just for movies like this one.

i bought this movie last weekend at my local movie gallery. it was buy 2 get 2 free and i needed one more so i chose this one. horrible mistake. the box reads like it would be a really good movie. well, it starts out like it is going to be this great movie. for about 5 minutes, that is. the movie is about a young woman, laila, who gets killed trying to save her beau, jack, from a bull. laila's dad, cordobes, is a rancher that the townspeople are afraid of. he assumes that jack killed laila because she was supposedly afraid of this bull, and goes on this hunt to find him. that was the first 5 minutes that is good. what follows after that is only gonna get 100 times worse. whoever wrote the script, in my opinion, had to of been on some kind acid trip or something because nothing else made any sense what so ever. jack is on the run and finds this traveling radio dj named mary who gives him a ride. i think mary is supposed to be a virgin mary type character. you know, jesus' mother. but, who knows, i couldn't make heads or tails of it. as they're running... we get to see bad guys, magical visions, ghostly encounters, flashbacks, etc... and all these things are done in such a way that your brain hurts from trying to figure out what's going on. needless to say, i took the movie back and exchanged it for something else. it's horrible i tell ya, horrible. and, there is absolutely no bull-fighting in this movie. unless you count the first minute of the movie. hope i helped some other people keep from wasting their time on this movie.

some very interesting camera work and a story with much potential. but it never comes together as anything more than a student's graduate thesis in film school.there are two primary reasons for this. fist, there is not a single likable character, not even a villain we might admire for his/her chutzpah. secondly, all the acting is awful - even from veteran willem dafoe. the ham is so plentiful here, you feel like you're at a picnic - but one of those wretched company employee picnics where you drink too much cheap beer and get your hangover before you even stop drinking. then you eat an underdone hotdog and throw up.all right, i'm being a little rough on a young director who might still go places - as i said, the camera work is quite good.but i feel cheated - the blurb for this film suggests we will get to watch a "modern western", and the dvd packaging has pictures on it that suggest this as well - but nobody actually connected to the film's making seems to know that this is the kind of film they're supposed to be making.that betrayal is what hurts; but even without it, the fact remains that we don't like these characters, we feel embarrassed for the actors, the story is hopelessly muddled, and in the last analysis, we just don't care.i took it out of the dvd player about half way through. but the rental store wouldn't give me my money back.now, that really hurts.

i only rented this movie because of promises of william dafoe, and robert rodriguez. i assumed that upon seeing rr's name on the cover (as an actor) that this movie would be good. it sounds like a movie that rodriguez would of made so if he's going to lend his name to it, than it has to be good right? wrong wrong wrong. by far the worst editing since "manos hands of fate". the way it was edited made no sense and made the movie impossible to follow and after the first 30 minutes you wont even want to try to follow it anymore. i have no idea how dafoe and rodriguez got involved in this film, maybe they owed somebody, but they are way to good for this. besides they were only in this movie for a couple minutes apiece and rodriguez didn't even talk. so if you wanna see a movie with poor editing, poor acting, and confusing storyline than be my guest but don't say you weren't warned.

i didn't know willem dafoe was so hard up for bucks that he'd disgrace himself with such shocking hamming in this monstrosity. hell: i'll donate that money that i was going to send to ethiopia if he's that desperate. i have never seen such a pathetic and disgusting film for a long time...who paid for this? they are either pulling some tax scam or insane. a 5-year old would be ashamed of the plot, and i'd rather get cancer than sit through more than the hour i suffered already. everybody involved should be locked up for a year in the sodomy wing of a third world prison. avoid at all costs. i'd give it minus 10 if possible...unbelievable.

"bullfighter" was made in 2000 but it is being released on video 5 years later for some reason. i wonder why? could it be: the confusing storyline, the incomprehensible dialogue said by oliver martinez, and the annoying editing? it's got to be. i think the plot was mary (michelle forbes) and jacque (oliver martinez) go on a mystical road trip. they meet a lot of wacky characters and avoid some evil ones too. the movie looks great and there is a lot of style, but there is no substance. most movies, when trying to subtle, don't call attention to themselves with unanswered plot developments, and weak special effects.don't be fooled by the cover: willem dafoe is in it for 2 minutes at most.

no scenario, bad actors (poor melissa gilbert)... beurk beurk beurk ...give a such budget to make this... in belgium, we make ten films which win all prices in cannes with this.last time that i've seen a such null-film was hypercube. but scenario was better.is anyone knows if the director was a graduate in school-film or a cop ?the better things in this film was the word "end".why authorize to sell this ? 1ç is to expensive. i've pay ten dollars to buy this.for me, pay for this was my big mistake of millennium.too bad.next time i'll break my arm but buy this type of sh*t.

i am very tolerant of really bad sci/fi and horror movies - i've been watching them since i was 4 or 5, so i've seen some really bad stuff, but i deal with it. i've even watched a lot of scifi channel movies so i know not to expect much - a usually promising movie that has no ending to speak of. hope springs eternal, i guess - or the triumph of hope over experience, as they say. unfortunately, this is a dog right from the beginning and i knew it, but like a moth to the flame, i kept thinking something, anything, interesting would happen. it doesn't. all of the actors give a decent performance - given the script, i don't know how they all kept straight faces. it has something to do with collagen-starved worm parasite creatures who are slowly taking over the human race, one body at a time. there's an evil plastic surgeon who collaborates with the enemy by giving them the outward appearance of humans...don't worry, he gets what's coming to him. the slug people themselves don't really know where they came from, they think they might have thumbed a ride on a meteor that landed on earth, but...somehow they know about the members of slug royalty among them - the slug princess has managed to breed with a human being who knows that she's the worm queen and loves her for her self...oh, must i go on? please, i implore you, do not waste 2 hours of your life watching this...anything would be better...think of the worst, least enjoyable way you can spend two hours...it would be better than this.

this movie was a horrible excuse for...a movie. first of all, the casting could have been better; katelyn the main character looked nothing like her tv mom. also, the plot was pathedic. it was extremely cliché and predictable. the ending was very disappointing and cheesy. (but thats all i'll say about that). the nail in the bag though, was a scene when katelyn (jordan hinson) was supposed to be crying, but the girl couldn't cry on command! there were no tears streaming down her face, just a few unbelievable sobs. she is not a dynamic actress at all. she gave the same fake little laugh identical to that of hillary duff on lizzie maguire (sp?). thats when the movie went from not-so-good, to just plain bad. it really looked like she was acting. in a nutshell: this movie was really bad! it was kind of a mix of every cliché kid movie from the 1990's that everyone's sick of--only worse!i give it an 'f', because it was just so darn hard to sit through (b/t/w, i was babysitting when i saw it). however, you may like it if your 9 or under. ;)

i personally hated this movie because it was predictable, the characters were stereotypical ,and the whole idea was a rip off of "the cutting edge", and "cadet kelly". the main character is a snotty girl who gets shipped of to a place where she doesn't belong. the whole place hates her, and to make things worse there is a hot guy that seemingly doesn't like her ( well duh the whole damn school can't stand you). amazingly she finds a way to fit in and make everyone to like her plus, gets the guy to fall head over heels in love with her. then comes the choice, where she must choose between figure skating and hockey. she chooses hockey then she goes to the figure skating nationals,and gets to be on the olympic team. no real surprise there.this whole movie was so damn predictable you knew what was going to happen before you even saw it. this was so awful i nearly puked, and by the time i was finished watching it, i had an awful headache and the urge to shoot myself for watching such crap. don't watch this unless you are under ten, or actually like crappy tween movies.

this movie was probably the biggest waste of my life ever. the acting was pathetic. jordan hinson could not show any upset emotions. at the beginning of the movie, she was supposed to be discouraged. instead, she bobbed her head with her bottom lip stuck out. she sobbed pitifully without any tears for the crying scene. i was almost angry that out of all girls who wanted to be actresses, they had to pluck out her. everyone else was suffering from over-acting as well. it was flat out annoying. it was also an insult to figure skaters. jordan took a month to train, and they cast her as a person who makes the olympic team. it's practically spitting on the effort real figure skaters put into their work. a pitiful excuse for a movie, and a pitiful attempt to associate hockey and skating. don't waste your life. it doesn't even deserve one star.

okay, when i came on the board for this movie, i was really expecting people to be making fun of it. i was surprised to see that people over the age of 7 liked it. i enjoyed the movie... but only b/c me and my little sister (who is, in fact only 10) made fun of the whole thing.i am sorry jordan, but that acting was awful. you know a movie is headed for the toilet when the lead cannot act. and it didn't even have a good script or plot to redeem it. i also thought that the character of pamela was very very lame... border-lining pathetic.even with that being said, i thought there were a few good actors, such as gorgeous spencer, hollywood, and ronnie. still, not enough to redeem the movie.two things about this movie that i just can't get over:1.) that that spencer guy would fall for her. okay, eww. i looked up the dates and while in reality, he is only about four years older than her, the difference in "go figure" seemed much larger. jordan is a very pretty girl, but in gf, she seemed like 10 or 12... she seemed like a little kid! jake abel (spencer) seemed like a college student.2.) that there is any way that kristi yamaguchi would come just to skate for one girl. i mean, i know that katelin is good and everything, but it still just seemed kinda unlikely that kristi would go to a boarding school that didn't even have scholarships for skating, or that a school would have employed a skating coach with such connections.that all being said... it wasn't the worst movie ever known, but it wasn't very good even by dcom standards, which i consider quite low.

songwriter robert taylor (as terry) is "dizzy, slap-happy" and can't see straight over otherworldly norma shearer (as consuelo). "she makes the sun shine, even when it's raining," mr. taylor explains. but, mr. taylor gets a lump in his throat whenever he gets near ms. shearer. finally, at the palm beach casino shearer frequents, taylor proclaims "i love you!" shearer brushes him off, as she is engaged to george sanders (as tony). however, to settle a gambling debt, shearer hires taylor to pose as "her cardboard lover", to make mr. sanders jealous.this film's title invites the obvious and appropriate three-word review: "her cardboard movie". it is most notable as the last film appearance for shearer, one of the biggest stars in the world from "he who gets slapped" (1924, playing another consuelo) to "the women" (1939). to be fair, this was likely the kind of shearer film mgm believed audiences wanted to see. however, the part is unflattering.plucked and powered, taylor and shearer were better off in "the escape" (1940). if shearer had continued, she might have become a better actress than "leading lady"; apparently, she was no longer interested, and certainly didn't need the money. taylor has a great scene, reciting christina rossetti's "when i am dead, my dearest" while threatening to jump from shearer's balcony, as directed by george cukor.**** her cardboard lover (6/42) george cukor ~ norma shearer, robert taylor, george sanders

even by 1942 standards of movie-making the setup which her cardboard lover presents was dated to the extreme. the machinations of one half of a pair (of husband/wife, ex-husband/ex-wife) to get the other back at the threat of marriage to another, divorce, or an eventual separation by means of jealousy, humiliation, or other schemes had been done much better in classics such as his girl friday and the philadelphia story. both of these movies features women with a strong, indomitable screen presence and who played independent, proto-feminist characters. in both movies, both women were estranged/divorced from their (witty) first husbands and set to marry colorless men who were their exact opposite, and both would be bamboozled into rejecting their soon-to-be husbands and re-igniting their passion for each other.the plot in her cardboard lover switches the gender: here, it's norma shearer in the cary grant role out, this time, to ward off an ex-boyfriend (george sanders) by means of hiring robert taylor to pose as her gigolo. the problem is, shearer is much too old to be playing a role more suited to an actress in her mid-to-late twenties; sanders is about as involved as a piece of furniture for the most -- any man who would be in love with his fiancée, on seeing a strange man come out of her bathroom as happens here, would knock the lights out of him and cause a huge scene. not here. and robert taylor plays his part as if he were trying to channel cary grant half the time, not in speech inflections but in overall essence.but the worst part of it is shearer herself. for an actress used to parts which gave her a sense of intellectual sexiness and dramatic presence, playing consuelo craydon seems to put her into throes of complete over-acting, over-emoting, and over-gesturing which, while still a part of her style of acting and more appropriate ten years earlier, makes her look like an extremely mannered performer wrenching the joke out of a situation like water from a fairly dry sponge. it only fuels the fires that tell the theory which gives irving thalberg the maker of her career and chooser of (most of her) roles; why she passed on roles such as charlotte vale and mrs. miniver on mega-hits now voyager and mrs. miniver is a mystery, but then again, most accounts also state that by this time she had just burnt out from acting, that she'd had lost interest in the whole thing altogether and it's no secret that anyone who has experienced this sort of thing has essentially lost focus and can't wait until retirement or the end of a contract is near to leave as soon as possible. such could be the case here. she seems lost, she seems tired, she seems ill at ease, going through autopilot instead of living the part. after this film she would make no more, but would be responsible of discovering janet leigh who would come into her own as a screen star during the late 40s and into the 60s.

the first few minutes of "the bodyguard" do have a campy charm: it opens with crawling text from the bible (the part that samuel jackson recites to his soon-to-be victims in "pulp fiction"), continues with two karate school teachers in new york arguing about the eternal question of mankind (who is better? sonny chiba or bruce lee?), and then chiba appears, playing himself; he immediately stops a plane hijacking and breaks a bottle in two with his bare hand. unfortunately, any entertainment value, intentional or unintentional, soon gets crushed by the disjointed story, the lack of action for long periods of time, and the poor quality of any present action. to keep it simple, here's why "the bodyguard" is an unbearable movie to watch:1) you don't know what's going on. 2) there are barely any fights. 3) the fights that are there, are short and terribly filmed.sonny chiba is cool. judy lee is gorgeous, her face is glorious. it's only for them that i give "the bodyguard" a 2nd star out of 10. this movie makes 87 minutes feel like 5 hours.

the best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of sonny chiba, this movie gives you lots of him. chiba makes speeches; chiba poses; chiba sneers; chiba glares at the camera; chiba punches and kicks the living sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guys; chiba sits around on couches and chairs and looks thoughtful/pensive; chiba drives his car...i enjoy chiba as an actor and a martial artist...but even for a chiba fan, this movie may have a little too much sonny chiba. it's obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him. and no, i wouldn't put "street fighter" in the same category, because in "sf" he plays a ruthless, amoral anti-hero and he shares the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and foes. here, he's front and center almost all the time, and he tries to be batman, captain america and bruce lee rolled into one. toshiro mifune and chow yun fat couldn't pull this off for the length of an entire feature film, and sonny just kind of wears out his welcome. at least he could have changed out of his suit once in a while.the movie is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous and badly done introductory sequence (apparently tacked on to the front of the film for the american version) and a goofy cheer "("viva!! chiba!! viva!! chiba!!) that starts things on the wrong foot. there is some astoundingly amateurish and inappropriate dubbing - sonny (or his usual english stand-in) apparently couldn't be bothered to do the vocals for the american version, so they got some poor dope with an entirely different and smoother voice and dialect that is quite jarring coming from the face we all know and love from "street fighter". even with all those flaws and the overexposure, this could still be a minor classic, but the camera work and the fight scenes are hopelessly cheesy. i'm willing to believe that karate actually works if someone as amazing as chiba's character is supposed to be does it, but the director and cameraman hedged their bets by chopping and editing fight scenes with a weed whacker so you can't really see what's going on most of the time. it's not all bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there's at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a genuinely inventive way. and as for the actual plot...forget it. for a "bodyguard", chiba's character is something of an idiot. the screenplay depends on his making mistakes and oversights that repeatedly place him (and his "client") in perilous situations so he can fight his way out of them, and after 30 minutes, it strains even the most credulous judgment to think that this guy is supposed to be any good. (also, if his character was really out to destroy the japanese drug trade, he'd have taken his client by her neck 10 minutes into the screenplay and shaken her until her teeth chattered like a castanet until she spilled her little secrets...and a whole lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided.) still, as a whole this movie is a long way from the bottom of the barrel. it's still sonny chiba, and he's still fun to watch. i paid a buck to get this off the bargain dvd rack at a local mega mart, and i feel it was worth watching once.

avoid the usa version. it is with added us footage and the worst dubbing you've ever heard probably done by new york amateurs. the dubbing is so bad that it sounds like mystery science theater 3000. i think a black guy from the bronx does chiba's voice. i couldn't watch the entire film it was that bad. instead of this americanized version watch chiba's other greats like the streetfighter or karate warriors.

i liked chiba in street fighter, and i figured hey, no matter how stupid this movie will be, i'll at least get to see him kick some ass, right? wrong. this is a dull, dreary mess of pointless talking, half-assed scriptwriting and meaningless scheming. there are few action scenes of any kind, even fewer martial arts scenes, and the few that are are shot and edited so poorly that you can't even make out what in the world is going on. the dub is also atrocious, and perhaps the idiocy that is this movie is best illustrated by the fact that it supposedly features the italian mafia... except they're all japanese! avoid like the plague--you would see better martial arts by looking through the window of your local preschool karate class for five minutes.

after watching "the bodyguard" last night, i felt compelled to write a review of it.this could have been a pretty decent movie had it not been for the awful camera-work. it was beyond annoying. the angles were all wrong, it was impossible to see anything, especially during the fight sequences. the closeups were even horrible.the story has sonny chiba hiring himself out as a bodyguard to anyone willing to lead him to the top of a drug ring. he is approached by judy lee, who is never quite straight with chiba. lee's involvement in the drug ring is deeper than chiba thought, as the mob and another gang of thugs are after her.the story was decent, and despite horrible dubbing, this could have been a good movie. given better direction and editing, i'm sure this would have been a classic kung foo movie. as it is, it's more like another cheesy 70's action movie.note: the opening sequence has a quote familiar to "pulp fiction" fans, and then continues to a karate school in times square that is in no way related to the rest of the movie.rating: 4 out of 10

i just finished watching this film and wow was that bad. actually the only thing that kept me watching was that it was so monumentally bad it was kind of entertaining. the action of the characters is hilarious, from the hyper-dramatic way they fall to gunfire, to their incredibly bad acting (were the bad guys all just pulled off the street, or were they actually actors?), to incredibly bad delivery of lines, to their inexplicable actions (if you are going to try and shoot someone through a doorway as they enter, obviously the thing to do is shoot directly at the doorknob!!). this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines.the camera work was also really bad - you can hardly see what's going on in the fight scenes due to switching camera angles and shakiness.i would have voted "1" except that i do like chiba and sidekick sue shihomi, and i was entertained by a couple of scenes: 1) breaking of a villain's arm so the bone pops out of the skin (that's gotta hurt) 2) a drug kingpin eating a brown-furred animal (a monkey??) by hacking away at the carcass with a meat cleaver 3) sonny chiba's performing some impromptu eye surgery on a guy with his fingers.i am actually a big fan of sonny chiba but this one is really not worth anyone's time. i've seen about 7 or 8 of his films and have come to the conclusion that the only ones worth watching (and they are great!) are the street fighter series, and the killing machine. i've also heard the executioner and golgo 13 are good. i recommend sticking to those ones.

lil bush is a 30 minute cartoon show comprised of 2 15 minutes episodes shown on comedy central. it takes place in a fictional, cartoonish washington d.c., and centers around the satirical, childish representations of george w. bush, condoleeza rice, donald rumsfeld and dick cheyney. other politicians are also satirized in the same manner, and act as minor characters.the pilot of little bush, much to this commentator's expectations, proved to be a rather shallow and esoteric production, which barely delivers on its featured promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. while one must admit that premise of the show does have some merit, even though it would be hard to imagine a show based almost completely of the denigration of a single political persona would survive to continue to produce episodes after his term of office expired, execution that can only be described as sloppy at best, and downright awful at worst, has marred what little potential the show had.lil bush, which may be technically classified as "satire", tends to disregard its actual use of the particular tool of comedy in order to lambaste its targets in exceptionally vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining, or funny) ways. the show's consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording bush/cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and placing them all in a single 30 minute block of television. as such, most of the jokes that presented by the writers were shameless clichés, some of which that been in public circulation for more than 6 years already. comparing the vice president to darth vader, for example, may have been funny in the first 300 times one has heard it on the daily show/colbert report/letterman/conan o'brien/leno monologue/any late-night-talk-show-ever, but it is not funny here. as if that were not enough, the show's plots seem to exist simply as a means to advance the same old, tiresome bush jokes that the writers have made the center of the program.in the show's defense, when the writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity) it is often somewhat humorous. if the show were to expand its depth somewhat, and place its characters into new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" perpetuated by the bush administration, therefore not having to rely on the same old bush jokes over and over again, the show might be considered somewhat tolerable, and possibly even innovative.ultimately, it is difficult to ascertain which shortcoming causes the lil bush series the most damage; its clear lack of originality and weak writing quality, or its painfully narrow minded ambitions. it is reasonable to expect that lil bush will be able to maintain a small base of left wing fans, that is, if they are able to endure the exceptionally poor writing; so long as the program continues to lampoon the bush administration thoroughly. even so, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and pointlessly vulgar attempt at satire, and tune out in search of something more intellectually stimulation; the price is right, perhaps.

everything in this film is bad , the story , the acting , the effects but its funny , funny , funny !!!scott valentine with the army uniform thats ten sizes too big is so bad with the permanent attempt at a scowl on his face as the leader of a special ops group its hilarious ! the ''terrorists'' are as scary and realistic as the ''raptors'' , this is so phoney and bad at everything it tries you have to laugh .the part where the giant t-rex who somehow snuck on board a ship and then somehow got below is blown up and you see the metal pole sticking up where its head was is the perfect ending .if your into bad films , this is the pot of gold , the mona lisa of b-b-bad !!!

i just couldn't stop laughing!! this movie is incredibly funny and stupid! but, never mind that, it is very entertaining! in this film, you don't need to pay attention to anything! the acting is the same - lame! the dinosaurs are the same - rubber (oh, my i could see the stick that holds t-rex head for a moment.) the raptors are the same from the carnosaur 2, t-rex is also the same, but... in some scenes his head looks kinda stuffed and it looks like some kind of project failure from kindergarten. action is fast, sometimes too fast, actually i talk about fast editing, they edited it so fast, so that we cannot see the rubber dinosaurs, but oopps! to late, they are rubber! well, only things interesting here is to see rick dean in this sequel.what can i say... don't rent it... watch it on tv, with friends, it is much more entertaining!

primal species comes from b movie legend roger corman and as such everybody who watches this needs to realise that this is a low budget b movie and it knows it.a bunch of terrorists high-jack a lorry and kill an entire army doing so, they believe it to hold uranium, but no..... it contains two dino's with a taste for human flesh... then a crack team, who might as well be called delta force get called in.ok, this ain't jurassic park, and yes the dino's are never clearly seen because it's obviously a guy in a costume that's not too dissimilar to barney the dinosaur - only slightly less terrifying,but come on guys this had about 1% of jurassic park's budget and as such does what it can.does this deserve to be in the bottom 100?....hell no!!! i think the nearly half of voters who give this a 1 - are being way way overly harsh, it's much closer to a 4... it's actually a lot better than a whole host of other movies not in the bottom 100, and has a similar production value to a sci-fi channel production. (again movies which get a overly harsh time from critics here on imdb)the acting is as expected in a b movie although none of the actors take it that seriously, neither does the scriptall in all it's an enjoyable b movie - not for film snobs** out of *****

i don't know where to start; the acting, the special effects and the writing are all about as bad as you can possibly imagine. i can't believe that the production staff reached a point where they said, "our job is done, time for it's release". i'm just glad the first two in the series never made it as far as the uk. i would actually recommend watching this film just so you can appreciate how well made most films are.i don't know how any of the other imdb users could find it scary when the "terrifying" dinosaurs waddle down corridors with rubber arms flailing around.

this is one of the most hilariously bad movies i have ever had the privilege to see.i watched this on dvd with a bunch of friends one friday night and we just couldn't stop laughing from start to finish.the story is simple enough: terrorists hijack a convoy they think is carrying weapons grade uranium, but it's actually carrying a bunch of man-eating dinosaurs. easy mistake to make. cue a startlingly incompetent team of army special forces to tackle the prehistoric beasts. they are led by colonel rance, played by scott valentine; a man who seems to have perfected 'smell the fart' acting, as advocated by joey in friends.there's plenty of gore and an awful lot of shooting, but unfortunately rance's team seem to have a problem aiming their weapons in the general direction of a horde of giant, lumbering monsters. also, the lights always seem to flicker and go out whenever a velociraptor attacks (preumably so we can't see how bad the creature effects are).having said all that, we all had a great deal of fun betting on who was going to get their head bitten off next.as a jusassic park / aliens style action adventure this movie stinks worse than a dinosaur's crotch, but as ludicrous, tongue-in-cheek entertainment it's a roaring success.

the third installment of the "carnosaur" trilogy features a bunch of keystone kops-quality military commandos trying to kill two velociraptors and a t-rex. i give it a 4 out of sheer sympathy and my affinity for dinosaurs. the movie is definitely the worst of the trilogy, it really can't be taken seriously. more significantly, however, watching this movie i can't help but notice some interesting parallels between the "carnosaur" and "xtro" trilogies. the first installment in both franchises is a dark, disturbing film that has become a cult classic, the second is an "alien" ripoff, and the third is a tongue-in-cheek, almost slapstick (whether intentional or not) movie that has you rolling on the floor laughing. also, like the "xtro" franchise, all the "carnosaur" movies are completely unrelated to one another. they they only carry the franchise name to drum up interest in the "sequels," i guess. obviously "carnosaur" and "xtro" have two different production groups at work here, but if you've seen all three movies of both franchises you find yourself referring back and forth between the two.

well here i go with another b industry movie. it's sad enough to see some badly made films but i don't care if a b industry or c industry produces the film. show some effort in your work. the characters are really bad. the acting isn't in question in this one (surprise), but plot is. how can a tight-knit squad witness two of their fellow soldiers butchered, and then go on as if nothing happened. what sickened me was how the writer even threw in the remaining members a scene where they joke about how nice the doctor's ass was. give me a break.

put aside a dr. house repeat that i had missed, and a desperate housewives (new) to watch this one. i don't know exactly what plagued this movie. i never thought i'd say this, but i want my 15 minutes of fame back.script, direction, i can't say. i recognized the stable of actors (the usual suspects), but thought herbert marshall was a class addition and sat myself down for a good cheesy flick. boy, was i wrong. dullsville.my favorite parts: where the "office girl" makes with the 029 keypunch and puts the cards into a 087 sorter. lol @ "the computer". i'd like someone identify the next device - a 477 ? it's before even this dinosaur's time.and we dinosaurs don't have that much time to waste.

i'm sorry but this is just plain pathetic. the little girl was a brat, their were no enjoyable characters and the plot sucked. besides it wasn't even a gator as the film would like us to believe. if you check out any complete guide to reptiles you will find that it really is a crocodile, not a gator. obviously they didn't hire a real animal expert or they would know that the creature is a croc. it is a sad excuse for a movie. especially the ending. i nearly fell asleep with this one.

not to be confused with lewis teague's "alligator" (1980) which actually is an excellent film, this "il fiume del grande caimano" laboriously ends the exotic trilogy sergio martino made around the end of the seventies (including the rather watchable "l'isola degli uomini pesce" and the not so good "la montagna del dio cannibale"). tracing outrageously the plot of "jaws", the script fails at creating any suspense what so ever. the creature is ludicrous and its victims are simply despicable. stelvio cipriani's lame tune poorly illustrates the adventures of these silly tourists presented from the very beginning as the obvious items of the reptile's meal. no thrill out of this, rather laughters actually! and we could find this pitiful flick quite funny if the dialogs and the appearance of the natives were not so obviously inspired by pure racism. very soon the giggling stops in favor of a sour feeling witnessing such a patronizing attitude. we could excuse badly made films and poor fxs, but not that kind of mentality. never!

very bad film. very, very, very bad film. it's a rarity, but it defenitly is not worth hunting down. this italian jaws rip-off makes little sense most of the time, and no sense the rest. the "alligator" is not at all convincing, and many of the sub-plots go nowhere. if it's at the local video store, you may want to watch it if you're a fan of monster movies, but it's not worth hunting down.

ok - the cons first: the obligatory '70's alligator (all right, correction - caiman) with nonmoving limbs is made the worse for scale miniature underwater shots (with the full length of reptile comparative to the size of the boat) utilizing a toy alligator being swirled around the toy boat in broadly lit water - even for nighttime shots!unlike most primitives-killing-exploitative-westerners films, the superstitious natives going bat**** and start massacring the vacationers seems unjustified this time. no one really abused the natives - exploited, yes, but far from abusive treatment. after all it was one of the natives (canoodling with a spoiled supermodel during a taboo full moon) that brought the curse of the river demon on them, right?the vacationers are easily annoying (with the notable exception of the token old-soul/mildly blasphemous-little-girl-who-takes-a-shine-to-the-heroes that you often see in 70's euroflicks), but far from from deserving violent death - unless they were your next door neighbors, mind you. a couple actually get killed being heroic - notable in that none of them fill the role of sidekick. there are only two straight villains in the entire film, so the demises feel more arbitrary than cathartic.the sequence where the giant caiman crunches down and scarfs thirty tourists in under five minutes will probably strike you as unintentionally hilarious.the point at which the natives decide not to wipe the surviving westerners and practically saying "hey, you aren't so bad after all, sorry about that fuss last night" - because they blew up the monster lizard - has you shaking your head as the corny music kicks in. you know, the local military dictatorship will wipe out the village for ****ing with the tourist trade after the credits roll...the pros: barbara bach. barbara bach. barbara bach. barbara bach. you all know why you're interested in this film in the first place, right? i thought so. if you're a bach completist, get the dvd reissued by noshame films earlier this year (digitally remastered with no real extras to speak of, aside from the director bemoaning the current state of international film distribution).the hero isn't half bad, being far from an idiot (always a plus in b films) and the cynical little kid provides most of the comic relief.worth a look, but get it cheaply!

i really do fail to see the actual surplus value of this movie. it's not bad enough to be hilarious. there's no sleaze or gratuitous nudity (although there was plenty of opportunity). there's no gore. there's no suspense in the first hour of the movie 'cause there's way to much scenes of tourist having a party and natives playing funky tribal music. that last part was actually funny on many occasions: you see these natives hitting congas and 'jembés' and that's indeed what you hear (badly synchronized) on the soundtrack. but they also added this funky bass-line on the soundtrack. so, where was the bass-player? at one point the natives get angry and start killing the tourists. why all of the sudden? it's supposed to be because the evil white men build this tourist complex, which according to their myth awakened the wrath of the river-alligator-god (i actually missed the explanation for that one). but the natives did help for several months to build the tourist complex, so why the sudden angriness? and how in the hell did they manage to push the helicopter in the water??? it's all silly and pointless. this movie also features the skinniest afro-american model i've ever seen.at one point our heroic leading couple visits this cave where a weird, crazy old man lives. the only point to that scene is that they make the "shocking" discovery that the killer-crocodile is actually an alligator. crocodile or alligator, what's the difference? it's big, it's made out of plastic and it eats people. all the same to me. the alligator is a rather silly creation. it's very stiff & motionless and doesn't even flap its feet when it swims. the eyes don't even move when they're shot in close-up. i guess they didn't know 'animatronics' back then in italy during 1979. there's also a lot of pointless inter-cut shots of the local wildlife. i suspect it's stock footage.like, i said, the first hour was pretty lame and the only reason i didn't switch off the movie was because my cat was asleep on my lap and i didn't want to wake the sweet thing. but the last half hour of the movie did get better. we finally get to see some action when the alligator swims through a horde of panicking people snapping its teeth and munching on them. the most entertaining (and at the same time funny) scene is when alice and daniel drive a van over a bridge and it collapses. we're looking at a matchbox-version of the van falling in the river here. funny. but nicely shot. in fact there are several other nice traveling camera-moves. surprisingly for this type of flick. i was gonna point out some stupid details concerning the end of the movie, but i don't wanna spoil it completely, in case you do decide to watch this movie. my advice is to stay away from it. if you wanna see a decent alligator movie, then see lewis teague's alligator. i admit, that one isn't italian and isn't a jaws rip-off, but it certainly is more fun. and if you're interested in other movies made by director sergio martino, then i strongly recommend the highly entertaining 2019: after the fall of new york. that one's an over-the-top rip-off of every possible existing post-apocalyptic-future-of-doom-movie. "italians" and "rip-offs", two words that go together very well.

first off i want to say that this film is worthy of more than the four stars i rated it. i gave it four stars because for me this 86 minute movie always seems like 2 and a half hours and is not engaging enough to sit through it all. however, "the big alligator river" (the title my dvd calls it) is better than your average nature strikes back movie.a tourist resort in the jungles of southeast asia is just opening and employs the natives while trying to manipulate the wildlife around. mother nature seeking revenge comes in the form of the god kroona, a giant alligator. but the creature isn't the only thing the tourists and the main characters (a photographer and the resort staff) have to worry about, the natives are getting rubbed the wrong way too.this movie is a pretty well-done adventure/horror story with a good musical score and direction. but the alligator itself, the main attraction of the movie, is obviously fake looking. some of the close-ups of its jaws are good but that should be all we need to see. some of the underwater far-away shots make it painfully obvious that what we are really dealing with is an alligator squeaky-toy you can probably get at a zoo souvenir shop. but the natives are believable, if not authentic.probably not the movie that will give you non-stop thrills, if any, but shot and produced well enough to be given good mention. and like a lot of creature movies, this one ends with an extremely high body count. it also has lots of good jungle scenery. acting is below par though, but who was expecting it to be better, eh? much, much better than its recent american counterpart "primeival" but nothing to be compared with "jaws". but remember it may not be engaging at a few points.

let me start out by saying i can enjoy just about any bad italian horror movie or jungle exploitation flick from the 1970's. seriously. this one was downright awful.there are way too many elements that martino tries to inject and none of them work (except for the croc-gone-wild thing) very well at all. there are some ignorant westerners, of course, who set up a resort in the jungle somewhere. i don't even remember where it takes place...how sad is that... basically, people come to the resort to see this native tribe and its' ceremonies but eventually they upset the 'alligator god' of the river who then proceeds to go on a rampage, killing said vacationers and some tribesmen as well. sounds good, yeah? well, don't get your hopes up. there is minimal violence until the end, the special effects are so bad it was like a kindergarten class performed them and the love story thrown in is laughable.there is seriously a few scenes where it appears they set up a camera underwater in a pool and threw a toy alligator, like a dart, into the water and that is supposed to be the gator attacking. i'm not kidding. in another wonderfully crafted special effect, a matchbox van is targeted by the incredible sinking plastic gator, who all of a sudden is five times the size of a van. (a few minutes ago, he was only big enough to eat a human, but now he dwarfs a full-size cargo van...) it is really pathetic. the only other flick i can think of where the effects were so bad i was pulled out of the story was bruno mattei's masterpiece, "rats," what with the plastic rats on the conveyor belt and all who couldn't be terrified.normally i'd say anything sergio martino was a solid must-see but this one is a must-pass. waste of time and definitely not worth buying for the $15+ sticker price from no shame. this one is a shame.2 out of 10, kids.

this one is bad. a really bad and boring crime movie that has nothing out of the ordinary in it. a series of crimes, the killer that you do not see throughout the whole movie, the classic investigations. and also the classic tale about a cop who figures out what's going on and isn't believed by anyone, so he has to fight by himself to reveal the truth. not too much in this one. vote: 4 out of 10.

this is a thriller with a good concept, good acting, good photography and good intentions all around, but which is confused and disjointed in execution.garcia stars as john berlin, an l.a. forensic detective who has moved to a small california town at the behest of a friend of his on the force there. he soon becomes involved in the investigation of an unsolved murder which leads to his theorizing about the existence of a serial killer whom no one else believes in. the known victim is theorized to be blind, which leads to a romance with a blind girl - believed to be a witness - at a nearby school for the blind.despite a basically intriguing story there were too many quantum leaps and plot holes in this movie where i found myself wondering, 'how the hell did we wind up here?' or 'how did we find this out?' i found it confusing and disjointed, despite the good acting, etc. john malkovich has a small part toward the end as an f.b.i. investigator out to get berlin.not recommended.

the thing that stands out in my mind in this film (sadly) is the introduction, where john berlin (andy garcia) is driving into town. you see his mercedes pass on a winding road through a forest that looks like its loaded with redwood trees. it's quite beautiful. as to andy garcia playing a character with the last name of berlin, well...andy is just too hispanic/latin for it to be passable. maybe a caucasian father married his spanish mother for this story? who knows. but i can tell you that when you put him in a town of farm folks and hicks, he stands out like a sore thumb, especially with his accent that flares up when he gets angry. yeah, i know, big deal right? he's still a good actor.the title concerns a serial killer who nicknames his victims jennifer. all of the victims are blind and he dismembers them. the killer has taken a hiatus but suddenly resurfaces when a blind witness (don't ask) appears, helena robertson (uma thurman). thurman does a good job of playing a blind person, to my surprise. when i saw lance henriksen playing sgt. freddy ross i got worried. henriksen's played in some pretty strange films, especially of late. i still can't forget him in the bloodbath movie, pumpkinhead. berlin movies into a small town from l.a. as a detective. he begins investigating the jennifer murders after finding body parts in the local landfill. his brilliance in discovering one of the victims was blind seemed far-fetched. so did the irony of *spoiler* freddy's murder, with the recording and name similarities. i got very confused as to the logic of how there came to be eight "jennifers". and the motive of the killer as simply deranged didn't pack much of a punch. in retrospect, this film is probably more true to life in showing an unsuspecting individual as capable of murder simply because they became a little wacko over time or maybe were born looney toons.john malkovich does a stupendous job in his interrogation of garcia! albeit no cop would legally be allowed to press someone that hard and egg them on without rightfully get knocked out. as to the ending, it is a bit of a surprise, but is highly arguable, much like sgt. ross' murder. the killer chooses to walk after his running victim, opting instead to frolick i guess.and there are so many opportunities he has in killing her that it's ridiculous. i won't ruin the very end because despite it's shakiness, it's a good surprise. afterward though, you'll probably say, as i did, "boy was she lucky!" 4/10

the lowest score possible is one star? that's a shame. really, i'm going to lobby imdb for a "zero stars" option. to give this film even a single star is giving way too much. am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper's head at the station? and the acting, or should i say the lack thereof? apparently talent wasn't a factor when the casting director came to town. my little sister's elementary school talent show provides greater range and depth of emotion. and those fake irish accents were like nails on a chalk board. the only thing that could have made this movie worse would have been...oh, wait, no,no, it's already as bad as it can get.

the plot is about the death of little children. hopper is the one who has to investigate the killings. during the movie it appears that he has some troubles with his daughter. in the end the serial killer get caught. that's it. but before you find out who dunnit, you have to see some terrible acting by all of the actors. it is unbelievable how bad these actors are, including hopper. i could go on like this but that to much of a waste of my time. just don't watch the movie. i've warned you.

***possible plot spoilers***i adore dennis hopper. i question why he accepted the role of a police detective in 2000's the spreading ground. this movie flat out sucks and i'm about to tell you why.this is about a small town which is about to get a contract for a sports arena. one hitch: there's a killer on the loose and that is bad for business. the mayor makes a deal with the irish mob to find the killer and make sure he never makes it to court. det. ed delongpre has other plans. he wants this guy caught too, but he's on the level and believes in the system. he wants to see the system do it's job.that could have been pretty good. it could have been riveting. it was horrible. first, they label this guy a serial killer. err no. there are specific criteria and none of it fits here. the bad guy has killed 5 kids the first day, and i think it was 2 the second day. this entire movie spans like a 48 hour time period.... hardly serial killer action. i don't care what warped motives they give him in the end, serial killers do their deed over a long time span. they do not just all of a sudden kill 7 kids in two days. that's a spree.ok that irritant aside, the acting was atrocious. the only name here was hopper, and he's the only one who came even close to pulling off his part. unfortunately, he's kinda type-cast to me and i think he does psycho parts much, much better. this just wasn't a good vehicle for hopper. it didn't allow him to do what he does best, which is to act all creepy. it's not that he did bad, it's that i've seen him do so much better.the irish mob guy, johnny gault (tom mccamus - long day's journey into night), who is in charge of their investigation is just over the top stiff. contradiction? not really. he is trying to play the cold, hard kinda guy and he does that to the point that the character is just wooden. boring to the max. he didn't scare me. he didn't inspire any emotion at all except boredom. i cannot tell you how many times i checked to see how much longer it was til the end of this movie.the other thing about this is that it had the feel of a made-for-tv movie. you know what i mean. the poor production values, low budget, re-use of scenes to save costs. just eh. yanno? but, i feel like comparing this to those is an insult to those.derek vanlint was both the director and cinematographer on this project. he bit off more than he could chew. i can't help feeling that hopper must have took this role as a personal favor to a friend. that's the only rational i can come up with. this was vanlint's first job as director, third as cinematographer. hopefully this was a learning experience for him.i won't ruin the ending in case you do decide to torture yourself with this one, but i do want to say that they all dropped the ball here...even hopper. in a scene that should have been emotionally gut-wrenching for the detective, it was just..well.. blah. i didn't see any of the angst at all that would accompany the total gear-change this guy made. very disappointing.this 100 grueling minutes long and rated r for violence and language. no kid under 13 is going to have any interest whatsoever in watching this, so no worries there. it's not suitable for anyone anyway. heh.skip this one. you'll thank me later.

maybe i've seen one too many crime flick, or maybe i don't take the right drugs.this was the most cliché ridden, plot deficient, plot-absurd, just plain stupid movie i have seen in a long time.as for the direction, it looks like it took less time to show this than it did to put it together.in fact it looks like to made it straight to video before it was completed.it's a bad rip off of "m" the classic fritz lang film starring peter lorre. you'd be so much better off renting that instead.

this movie kinda let me down. it seemed a lot like the movie jaws when the hopper was telling the mayor to close parks was like when roy shider was telling the mayor to close the beaches. they both said no way its summer! but the box says hopper has to get into the mind of a killer and think like one. but he really doesn't do anything too interesting or exciting. i'm not even a little convinced he and his partner have any experience doing police work when they are in the office wondering how they are gonna solve this case. they just say lets do police work and we'll solve it. and whats up with all the old men with pool cues. i didn't even begin to believe that they were mob bosses. and then the guy who was doubting the guy the mob picked to handle finding the killer. with his hundred dollar haircut and that he thinks his di@k is the size of a schoolbus. come on what cruddy lines. i thought he was gonna hit him with a baseball bat like in the other movies. i got this movie used and wouldn't buy it new. i suggest you skip this movie. oh and it was funny seeing the microphone above the scene where hopper is going out to get coffee.

the movie had a good concept, but the execution just didn't live up to it.what is this concept? well, story-wise, it's "dirty harry" meets "m". a child killer has begun terrorizing a city. the lead detectives (dennis hopper and frederic forest) have never dealt with a serial killer before. the mayor and the police chief, in desperation, secretly hire the local mob to speed things up...to go places and do things that the police wouldn't be able to in order to bring an end to this mess as soon as possible.to be fair, this film does genuinely have some good things to offer.besides the concept, i liked the look of the killer's hideout. norman bates has his basement. this guy has an eerie sewer. in some of the shots, the light bounces off the water and creates rippling reflections on the walls; often giving these scenes a creepy, dreamlike quality.the acting was good too. dennis hopper is one of those actors who gets better with age.once you get past that, however, it more-or-less goes downhill.the film is paced way too fast. the actual investigation process from both teams feels very rushed as opposed to feeling intricate and fascinating. this could have been fixed in two ways: either make the film longer or cut out some of the many subplots. either of these would have allowed the crew to devote more time to the actual mystery.for an example of how bad this is, one of the crucial clues that helps them zero in on just the right suspect is this: at one point in his life, the suspect went to a pet shop...that's right...i'm being totally serious here. it's like they went from point a (the first clue) to point z (the suspect) and skipped over all the "in-between" steps.then there's the characters. the only ones i actually liked were two pick-pockets you meet about half-way through the movie. considering that they're minor characters, i'd call that a bad sign.finally, there's the mob angle. this is the one that gets me the most because this is why i coughed up the $3 to buy the dvd in the first place. i mean, what a hook! there's been an absolute glut of serial killer flicks in the last 10-15 years. the mob angle was a gimmick that could have helped it rise above the rest..., but it didn't.i figured the gangsters's methods would be brutal, but fun and thrilling at the same time; kind of like a vigilante movie or something...maybe they'd even throw in some heist movie elements too. we are talking about criminals, after all. instead, we're given some of the most repulsive protagonists committed to celluloid. the detectives question witnesses. what does the mob do? they interrogate and kill them. it's not even like these witnesses are really even that bad either. i actually found the criminals less likable than the killer they're hunting.unless the good points i mentioned are enough to get your interest, i'd say give this one a miss. maybe some day, they'll reuse the same story idea and do it right. i hope so. i hate to see such a good concept go to waste.

dennis hopper is without a doubt one of the finest underrated american actors of our time, and it was interesting to see how he would play out his role as a cop on the case of a child serial killer. most movies hopper has always played to psychotic menace threatening to blow up stuff or go on a killing spree, but in this movie, hopper tried his best to keep that intensity and emotion while carrying a shield. once i got into the plot of the movie, i was hooked, but it's just the little things that ultimately murdered the film.the concept of the film is great - not only are the cops on the move of catching the killer, but we get a chance to see how the gangsters operate in catching the killer. the subplot of the football stadium is kinda ridiculous, but necessary to involve the gangsters in the killer hunt.that's about all that is good you can say about the film. although hopper did try to act like a tough, experienced street smart cop, i can't help but feel his acting was below par, and there wasn't enough conviction that he was truly attached to the case. the directing was also terrible - it didn't have the feel of a true film, but rather a tv-movie production. this is most evident when the gangsters meet for the first time to form an elite team to hunt the killer down. when the leading gangster shoots the other mouthy gangster in slow motion, the acting was weak, predictable and terribly unexciting. that's when i knew that 1st of all, the action is going to be atrocious.the angling of the camera was amateurish, and the recalling scenes or haunting images of the killer's little sister had no true distinctive effect. if it was supposed to be scary, it wasn't. everyone's acting was terrible, and even for hopper, i didn't feel for his character, and i just didn't really care too much about his relationship with his daughter.the final thing that bothered me the most is the swat team. once i saw the swat team in action, i was thinking, finally, something good. but i was wrong. 1st of all, the entire swat team consisted of 4 guys. that is just impossible. 2nd of all, apparently the swat team has no training whatsoever because many times in the film they carry their hka4 submachine guns with one hand. had the killer been hiding near the staircase with a shotgun, these 4 idiots would've been blown to bits because they weren't even aiming at anything or paying close attention. they should have had both hands on the gun aiming forward, but it just looks like they're not taking the job seriously and are just flaunting around. 3rd, swat team members do not yell out commands such as "keep your eyes open, watch out for yourselves, are we good to go...etc." in reality, they use hand signals or have radios. but they're literally yelling at each other - how are you supposed to catch the killer when he can hear you're coming??? and to top it all off, these guys have no plan - apparently they're just running up and down going on a wild turkey chase. eventually they end up doing nothing. that was the last straw. i'm no expert on special forces, but basically what i've just outlined, is pretty common sense. when the audience knows the movie is terrible, the action pretty much becomes the life-saver of the movie - when you can't even make an effort to make the action great, the movie is lost.i give 2 stars for the concept, but the rest cannot be credited. if you want to watch a crime thriller, don't bother with this one. there's plenty of crime in the movie - but it has the lack of thrill.

very businesslike authority with little responsibility and only a desire to keep his/her name clean - check. a veteran cop that has bad relationship with his family - check. mafia guys that while criminals, want to do something good vigilante style - check. a sociopath and loyal mafia guy not hesitant to kill people to make an example - check. cops' methods being less effective than the mafia guy's brutal yet very effective methods - check. a corrupt cop tying the authority, the criminals and the police together - check.slow motion and/or jerky frame rates for showing what the actor's reaction can't - check. a serial killer whose background is explained in far too much detail, esp. using childhood abuse as the reason for everything - check. a child spree killer that is very, very non-menacing - check. foreshadowing of the veteran cop's moral values not being what the killer deserves in the movie's and the majority of characters' opinion - check. morally ambiguous and predictable ending thanks to the foreshadowing and the good veteran cop's coming to terms he should submit to the vigilante attitude of the majority of the characters - check.recently saw this on tv and decided to endure it because it had dennis hopper in it and i could not sleep - check. realized that was a mistake and should just have stared at the ceiling - check.

the best thing about this movie was, uh, well, i can't think of anything. this was bad. the script was especially bad. the technical concepts were bad. the "suspenseful" plot was bad. the dialog was bad. avoid at all costs. do not rent. do not watch. you'll be sorry.

my friends and i rented that movie last night and we had one of the greatest laughs in awhile. the movie is not supposed to be funny at all, but it is just so ridiculous and it lacks any realism whatsoever. first, phillippe (i forget what his character is called and i don't really care) uses his regular employee id to go through all the top-security terminals. not only is that pathetic but it gets topped when his enormous efforts culminate in his finding the so-scary lego-room, which hosts the super computers. this is plain funny. the tense mood that we are supposed to experience is completely spoilt by the childish looking room. the ending, like all else, is very very very cheesy, especially when the bad guy's lawyer shows up 'right on time'. anyway, this movie is a good laugh. if you need something to make fun of, definitely see it.

five minutes into this movie you realize that you have seen it all before. it is boiler room. it is the firm. and it is the devils advocate. and there are no new elements here. except for the all-to-clear bill gates-allegory. conpsiracies are always good stuff for movie-making, but why does it have to be so extreme ? boiler room is a good movie, because it - for a while at least - seems realistic. in antitrust everything is wrong. how realistic is it for example that your boss pay an impostor to be your girlfriend in order to make you work harder and control you ? i'd give it 1, but the soundtrack is ok, so 2/10.

after seeing the trailer of this film in the cinema, i thought that it was an original concept for a thriller, setting it in the competitive world of computer companies. the all star cast was another message that this film would probably be good. but when i didn't go to watch it in it's first week of release then it disappeared by week 2 i feared something was a miss. patiently i waited for it's dvd release, then bought it rushing home for an enjoyable evening's viewing. the anticipation on the way home was far better than the film. for a start the direction is appalling. there's no thought gone into it at all and the director just makes up a part for himself, so he can appear in the film. i wouldn't be rushing out to employ him in the future. secondly the lead role is completely miscast as ryan phillipe. phillipe normally the cool character as in cruel intentions and way of the gun but in this he's supposed to be a bumbling hero which he attempts to portray by slipping when he's running and having geeky friends, but he just doesn't look right. the female stars, rachel leigh cook and clare forlani don't feature enough but when they do neither of the performances are close to their bests. the only highlight of the film is tim robbins in a role that could have been made for him and it's his fiery temper and mysterious ways that drag the film along. the final point is that this film is another one which fills the trailer with scenes you don't see in the film and instead feature only in the deleted scenes section of the dvd. causing even more disappointment as although some of these scenes are crude they do fill in important gaps in the story.

following the release of cube 2: hypercube (2003), and playing off the alleged success of the original cube (1998), director ernie barbarash takes the liberty of bringing us the third installment in the trilogy, the prequel cube zero.deep in the bowels of a giant and faceless institution, time and place unknown, two low-ranking operators, wynn (zachary bennett) and dodd (david huband) sit and observe on monitors the behavior of people that have been placed in a giant network of cubic chambers, some of which are rigged with death traps. told that the people they are observing are convicted felons who chose this horrific and deadly ordeal over a lethal injection, these observers have had no problem with their jobs until wynn, a mathematical genius, discovers that one of the prisoners, a woman named cassandra (stephanie moore) never agreed to be put inside the cube. suddenly it's realized that perhaps their "jobs" are not what they seem, and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted...for people that have seen and enjoyed the original cube, this prequel will probably not be to your liking. it's not that the story does not have potential; it's simply that the first cube film never needed to be expanded on. standing alone, it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message. it was also nicely self-contained. the problem with cube zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original, attempting to answer questions with more questions but only really resulting in making a mess of what never needed fixing.what this new film has to offer, which is questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, certainly are good questions to be raised, but probably should have been done so on their own merits, rather than as a continuation of a film that had no such aspirations.having said this, the other traits of the film, such as acting and direction and writing, are not awful. there is a bleak, dark look to the film akin to such film noir as 'the matrix' and 'dark city', and they have certainly managed to recapture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube. unfortunately for barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save it.

the main question i pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.skip it.

really, it's nothing much. i only recommend watching it if; 1.) you're a big fan of any of the main stars. 2.) if you really want to check out the first time lucille ball was seen with red hair.4 out of 10 stars

this movie, i won't call it a "film," was basically about nothing and functioned mostly for the popular acts of the time. yeah the war was on full swing (pun intended), and this movie gave the troops and our audiences a treat.but let's have something with a bit more substance.loved seeing a young buddy rich on the drums. the music was good throughout.but one cameo after another gets old fast.i didn't even recognize zero mostel! so if you're one from the "greatest generation," as they say, you'll definitely enjoy this...movie.

...said a couple exiting the movie theater just as i was entering to watch this. hmm, not a good sign, but who knows? different strokes for different folks, after all. well, nope. they were being kind. godard has released work that is passionate (contempt), entertaining (band of outsiders), sometimes both (my life to live). this is just dull intellectualism, that grates on the nerves pretty quickly. during my showing, literally half of the audience had walked out by the end of the film. if only i had been so wise.

seriously. i just wrapped up my first viewing of demonicus and words have failed me.i remember a time when i would see charles band's name on a film and my heart would race. he was never a wes craven or a john carpenter. he was a bastion of hope for the little man. the guy whose movies arrived at the video store instead of the multiplex, but they still rocked harder than most of the trendy junk we otherwise had to endure.and now... this.a painfully-obvious californian walking trail doubles for "the alps" and an abandoned train tunnel is actually supposed to be "an ancient cave". i mean, they didn't even try to dress the thing up with moss or film it in a way that might suggest it was anything other than an old train tunnel! ugh! instead of a creepy demon gladiator, as the cover implies, we're treated to a dude wearing the latest in wal-mart halloween apparel. there's a pretty cool looking corpse, who occasionally comes to life to belch and wiggle his fingers, but he doesn't even learn to stand until the final five minutes. why couldn't he be the villain? instead, we've got frat boy joe with a plastic sword. ouch.charles band... you should be ashamed that your name is attached to such tripe. i love movies that are so bad, they're good. hell, i occasionally enjoy a flick thats so bad, its just bad. this one, however, is just unwatchable. a perfect example of making a buck, rather than making a quality film.

i rented this one to see vanesa talor one more time. she can act, but doesn't get a chance in this clunker. the opening sequence is an elaborate crane shot of mountain landscapes. must have come from a stock archive, because the movie is shot direct to videotape. the production values make _blair witch_ look professional. there's a really cheesy animated statue, but no other effects worth noting. this movie is bad, but not amusingly so. the players would do well not to mention it on their resumes.

this film is exactly what you get when you really over stretch your abilities, it's like someone who has just passed there driving test and then pitting them in a formula 1 grand prix (not i might add, the us grand prix as everyone might pull out due to dodgy tyres and you might just win), that is how far short this film falls. now don't take this the wrong way, i love b-movies, around half my collection is made of b-movies but i don't think there are enough letters in the alphabet to describe how bad this film is.first of the story (for a b-movie) isn't that bad, it has potential there to make a b-movie brand, were not talking friday 13th potential, but potential none the less. but what really lets this film down is the acting, at not one second do i believe anything, it's like watching qvc except the presenters on qvc tend to have a heavier tan.in summary i'd like to say i've seen worse films, but i can't.

for some reason, various young couples hiking through the italian alps split up to see who can reach their campsite designation first. james (gregory lee kenyon) enters a cave, finds a skeleton of an ancient demonic gladiator and becomes possessed by the spirit of "tyranus" when he puts on a helmet belonging to the corpse. he then spends the rest of the film running around in the woods hunting down his friends and hacking off their limbs to add to some stew to bring the undead "demonicus" back to life. this shot-on-digital full moon release is stupid, senseless, has terrible acting and sound and the (los) angeles national forest is a poor substitute for italy. however, it's pretty high on the unintentional laugh scale thanks mainly to the overwrought lead performance. whether bug-eyed running around in cheap-looking armor brandishing a sword or spouting neurotic latin gibberish about demons and resurrection, kenyon's ridiculous facial expressions and awkward line delivery must be seen to be believed. oh well, at least he's not boring like most of the rest of the cast.

warning spoilers***** a really stupid movie about a group of young excursionists in italy that find an armor of mythical warrior with a demonic souls. one of them wears it and becomes possessed by the spirit of a demon. it's killing time and several of his friends die under his blade to revive the demon corpse.a waste of time for the viewers, as the fine young ladies in the movie leave their clothes on, the gore is ludicrous at best, and the acting is terrible, perfect pairing for such a bad script

okay, this movie f*ck in' rules. it is without question one of the most technically inept pieces of cinema ever made. absolutely terrible, but you gotta see it. rent this with your buddies and come up with a drinking game or just have fun, it's hilarious. and the behind-the-scenes featurette proves it, you can do anything with paper plates and finger paint. awesome. okay, rent it just for this one scene: two characters are actually walking in place for about 3 minutes in a shot. the director (on the commentary) says "yeah, the tracking was so smooth it looks like they're...". yeah, right man, they are totally walking in place. it's so funny.

this movie is about tyrannus, a gladiator who is brought back from the dead to summon tyrannus, a gladiator who must be brought back from the dead. tyrannus, we learn after about an hour, is also called demonicus. this adds much needed depth to the screenplay and calls into question our assumptions about identity, psychology and ourselves. the spirit of tyrannus accomplishes his little to-do list (killing some people and saying repetitive phrases in latin) by possessing the body of a college guy. he uses a magic mind-control helmet to do this, which the college boy willingly puts on his head, and then at several points in the movie, takes off and puts back on.maria performs oral sex on a poor man's sean willian scott, and tyrannus wears the rollerball glove. tyrannus has his own green backlighting for no reason, and has apparently been sitting next to cg fire in an ancient concrete tunnel for centuries like this. utter misfortune.this movie is empty and will hurt you. see it.

i mean really, how could charles band the head of full moon let a total stink-ball like demonicus out. i mean it should never got the green light to begin with. the story is repetitive, the characters are weak at best, there is no real story on tyranus other then he's a bad dude. then they writer or director goes out his way for a bad ending. that's right a bad ending, demonicus rises. the last survivor escapes a deadly cave in, then a picture of chimera comes to life, cheaply i might add and chases her out. then as she is walking home ala funhouse. a statue that has been destroyed centuries ago reappears for no reason just to collapse on top of her. i mean, that makes no sense. what the hell was charles thinking allowing this pile of puke to be made, with four different movie companies they were that desperate for movies. they could have asked me, i had better ideas then demonicus. thanksgiving turkey.

this movie is so awful, it is hard to find the right words to describe it!at first the story is so ridiculous.a narrow-minded human can write a better plot! the actors are boring and untalented, perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy film.the camera receptions of the national forest are the only good in this whole movie. i should feel ashame, because i paid for this lousy picture.hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :-)

my wife and i like to rent really stupid horror/sci-fi movies and watch them with our friends for a laugh. we saw this one on fullmoondirect.com and decided to add it to our netflix list. now, when i say this movie is awful, i mean it in a good way. everything about it, the acting, camera-work, story, costumes, is just so cheezy and low budget but thats what makes it so good. i think in one scene the actors looked like they were actually walking in place. i really hope that whoever made this film wasn't serious when they made it because if they were, then that would just be sad. if you like to watch really stupid horror movies just to make fun of them then i recommend this one.

i really didn't have high expectations and i must admit that i wasn't disappointed. this movie is so terrible that i felt obligated to register an account here at imdb just to warn others not to waste their time. the storyline is terrible and you keep asking yourself throughout the movie "can it get any worse?" yes, it can! somehow they manage to make it worst by every minute and you end up thinking "i want my 1 hour 35 minutes back!". somebody got to pay for this! i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this...i really didn't have high expectations and i must admit that i wasn't disappointed. this movie is so terrible that i felt obligated to register an account here at imdb just to warn others not to waste their time. the storyline is terrible and you keep asking yourself throughout the movie "can it get any worse?" yes, it can! somehow they manage to make it worst by every minute and you end up thinking "i want my 1 hour 35 minutes back!". somebody got to pay for this! i dare you to find a movie which is worst that this...

i thought this was a sequel of some sorts, and it is meant to be to the original from 1983. but a sequel is not taking the original plot and destroying it.i actually had very little expectations to this movie, but i just wasted 95 minutes of life. no suspense - i actually feel clairvoyant, poor acting, and so filled with technical errors, so i as a computer geek just couldn't believe it. they have tried to make it a mix between a generic war movie and 24 hours. but this is not even worthy of a low budget tv movie.do not see this movie, this is a complete waste of time. instead get the original. the theme is still valid. don't let to much power into a machine. and the acting and plot is far more exiting and compelling.

i'll try to use words to describe this on.... i saw the original, which was good in its own way, but back then i should have feared a sequel.and i was 'afraid' when i picked this one up, but now that i've seen it, i have to say, it's even worse then i thought. why these movies still get money still makes my mind spin. let's start with the actors;they aren't all that good, but it has to be said, some make heads turn by being just plain awful. but what can an actor do with a script like this one. it's trying to be a copy of the original only this time the places have changed, any form of story is gone and any attempt of actually coming up with something that hasn't been done before, fails miserably. in a futile attempt to get it up-to-date, they try to make it exciting by making use of the whole 'big-brother' theme , but that has been worn out ages ago and offers nothing but a filler for between the beginning and the end. an attempt was made to try to save the movie by making a ton of references to the '83 original, but it just ended up being plain funny and sometimes a bit sad. in conclusion, if you have nothing , and i mean nothing , to do... go watch it, or play frisbee... with the dvd.... by yourself. it'll offer you the same amount of fun.. i promise

thank god i watched this at a friend's place and did not pay for it. the plot is horribly transparent and the whole movie felt like an episode of a tv show. if you have any knowledge of computers or electronics, watch out. you will feel feel like the movie is an insult to your intelligence. also, actress turned much music vj amanda walsh displays the worst acting i have ever seen, excluding porn. she's lucky that matt lanter is actually decent. he's the one that carries the movie. i hate that i wasted nearly two hours of my life watching this movie! it's a shame that they got to call it a sequel, because i was a fan of the original, which was actually pretty good.

like many others have commented before me here, i have to say that this movie is bad, but not the worst i've seen. there will be no direct references to movie plots or sequences in this comment, because i hate spoilers.i got a feeling i was watching an episode of a tv show or something, where they had gotten a hold of some extra $$$ to spend on cgi (i've seen worse of those)... all in all, it is quite an insult to the viewer, at least if you have any knowledge about computers and/or technology at all. there are just too many of these moments of insults to make me feel comfortable, and i found myself just begging for it all to end - fast - halfway through. in addition, there are countless "easy way out" scenarios, which also is an insult to your intelligence as a thinking human being...this movie absolutely fades in comparison to the old "wargames", and i think it's a damn shame they even got to call it a sequel.two stars from me, because of one thing and one thing only: the actors' performances aren't half-bad, considering the regurgitated crap of a script they had to work with. still, they should never have signed on to this movie. not really a career-move, but i guess we all have bills to pay.to those of you who gave this movie top score...you have to be on the studio's payroll or something, that's my only explanation.to all who haven't seen this one: by all means, watch it and make up your own mind. but lower your expectations to the floor (and then some).

i hate this programme: not only is the very concept ludicrous, but it tries so hard to be feasible (something that was left out of similar "i confess" ending programmes like, muder: she wrote).sigh. why is it that the writers can't ever be intelligent enough in this programme to come up with evidence that would stick and win a decision in court?come on: after x-amount of years of the cases being unsolved, why must every suspect, every episode *confess* (damn it!) to a murder which would otherwise go unsolved?i bet all police wish that criminals were this good sportsmen: "aw, shucks, officer, you're a bright one - i guess if you've uncovered enough to convince yourself i did it, i may as well admit to it and make it easier for you in court. what can i say? it's a fair cop."absolute dog s**t and an insult to those of us with with enough brains to even have heard of i.q.

this program is really overrated. a detective like danny pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the "rubber gun squad" years ago. the whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. every vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another vietnam veteran. there has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. the only hispanic killer was a "race traitor" who killed another hispanic to frame a hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. what a bunch of propaganda. hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.what's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. no real-life da will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. the state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. the prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day. the only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost da's careers.

i honestly can't believe what passes for entertainment now. death (and making fun of death), violence, sexual innuendo, adults threatening children, crudeness, alcohol abuse by minors, drug theft, dysfunctional parents, babysitter from hell, stereotypical jokes about african americans, police and fat people, and kids sneaking out of the house in the middle of the night - yup, sure sounds like a kids movie to me - not!!! add to that the dark and scary elements - a dead woman possessing and turning into a house and keeping her loving husband a prisoner inside for over 20 years, and also terrorizing an entire neighborhood - how sweet for kids. parents - is this really what you want your kids to be watching - is this what you want to teach them about life?!this movie is too scary for young kids, and i'm afraid that teens today may be living some of this movie scenario - so why rub it in their faces? as for an adult audience - you won't find it scary or amusing - just boring, contrived and predictable. and the characters are just wrong - clueless parents, ignorant police, stupid and annoying friends, nasty and manipulative babysitters, and beer drinking/womanizing boyfriends. what great material for kids - does this really sound like a children's movie to anyone? even the computer animation and good voice work aren't enough to redeem this terrible flick. save your money, save your time, and save your children's minds - go rent ice age, monsters inc., the incredibles, shrek, a bug's life - any of them are way better than this horrid film. spielberg and zemeckis - shame on both of you for making such a disaster and then billing it as a children's/family movie!!

i'm grateful for one thing and one thing only - that this woman will now be thousands of miles away on an entirely different continent!!! yay!!! this programme summed up perfectly just how obsessed victoria beckham has become with whoring herself and her family out to the media in the name of self promotion and 'brand f*cking beckham'.a few years ago i used to really like 'posh and becks', i still very much admire david's talent, but i have no respect for him anymore. how can you respect someone who has his wife's hand shoved up his backside working him like a puppet.it was clear the hand of victoria was all over beckham's premature departure from manchester united and now the same thing has happened at real madrid. i hope beckham can live with the fact that although he may be earning squillions of pounds - he's sold his soul for the american buck and will end his days playing for a team who would struggle to gain promotion from division one in england (no offence america - but at baseball and basketball you rule - football you don't!) anyway - i digress. it's been years since i've seen such an over-the-top, entirely false performance from 'posh' - this being topped only during her cringe worthy red carpet performances following the rebecca loos 'debacle', when instead of throwing all the cr*p at david he deserved, she desperately clung onto his arm trying to save the million pound money-spinner her marriage has become.this whole pr stunt was pathetic. why can't she just go over there quietly, support her husband through the biggest mistake of his professional career and keep her head down? when did she become so full of self importance that she feels the move to america should be shrouded by this huge fan fare? incidentally, i saw the david beckham documentary last night. at least he has retained a sliver of grace and humility. two things his wife could do with learning.one more thing victoria - you complain about constantly being hounded by the paps. little hint - stop tipping them off about your whereabouts you stupid woman.good luck america!!

posh spice victoria beckham and her alleged new adventures after just moving to la for work purposes (footballer hubby david is now a galaxy la player after his transfer from real madrid) was originally going to be a full series,but was thankfully abridged to just one hour or so.but even in this form,it is still numbingly interminable.like virtually all 'reality' tv shows,most of the incident comes across as blatantly faked,with the programme itself even admitting that posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress.an ugly-betty lookalike,we hear some lamely written and performed banter early on(with an obvious joke about becks' apparent dalliance with a previous,and rather more glamorous pa rebecca loos,though her name is not mentioned) with further sequences involving a fake blow-up doll to trick the paparazzi and hopeless attempts to pitch a baseball.this could have been more entertaining if all had acknowledged it was a piece of fluff,and had an actress or impersonator in the lead role.talented impressionist ronni ancona would've been perfect and is better at being posh than posh herself is,and if this more sensible decision had been taken,much more fun and amusement would've ensued.sadly,we are left with the real thing here (ms ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway),and although there are odd scattered attempts at self-deprecation and irony,it never remotely works because of prior info of la beckham's considerable wealth beforehand,and her non-ability at delivering would-be jokes;despite the intentions to send up her image,mrs beckham comes across as a shallow egotist,and her weak one-liners don't persuade us she has any humorous self-awareness.i suspect that if a more realistic fly-on-the-wall documentary approach had been taken,namely posh walking down any street in la and being totally ignored (instead of the frantic,staged scenes of mild hysteria on show here), and associates making unscripted jibes about the previously mentioned ms loos,this would've made marginally better tv,but being sycophantic pr material,the bony one herself would never allow such events to happen.having said that,the later scenes where she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was indifferently presented in front of an uninterested crowd show it will be tough times ahead if she wants to make it big in hollywood.her colleague scary spice (aka mel brown) also found it impossible to make it big residing in the movie capital despite her affair (which was not consummated) with big name eddie murphy.the spice girls were of course a massively successful bubblegum pop group in the mid 1990's,more so in their native britain but still popular briefly in other countries,including the us.they were certainly good fun at their peak of glory (1997) when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the uk with cool britannia and a new labour government which the spice girls seemed to sum up better then anyone else at the time,even if it was somewhat manufactured.but they were never outstanding musical or singing talents,and uk optimism seemed to fade rapidly later that year (the starting point was arguably the tragic death of princess diana),as did the spices' themselves.their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious,and if they had all quietly moved out of the public eye permanently with dignity to enjoy their fortunes, then we would have all had pleasant memories encrypted on our mind without any guilt.unfortunately,the emergence of the hideous 'celebrity' culture in the uk towards the start of the millennium has put paid to those imaginings,and we have all suffered thousands,if not millions of stories about the spices since,posh being the worst offender,with the rest of her colleagues not too far behind.it was recently announced that there will be a reunion tour soon,which is baffling as they have never gone away and they certainly don't require any additions to their swelling bank accounts.maybe it's because two of them are struggling single mothers,perhaps?good,it's soon time for becks' adventures on a revelatory documentary next,i can hardly wait.............rating:2 out of 10.

this 1974 naschy outing is directed by leon klimovsky, and a cursory glance at the publicity photos and packaging might lead you to believe that this medieval romp lies somewhere between "inquisition" and "sadomania". sadly not.this is a strictly pg affair with tame torture sequences, no nudity and little edge at all. naschy (of whom i am a fan) struts his stuff as gilles de lancre, "antiguo mariscal de la nacion". sadly he is more pantomime villain than anything else. one gets the feeling with this film that we have seen him (and it) done all before. strictly therefore for naschy completest only.

despite the (english) title, this seems to have little to do with devils and much more to do with a power hungry ruler who seeks the philospher's stone & wants gold made from lead (& virgin's blood). jacinto molina plays gilles de lancre and seems to have little issue with having people put to death when he thinks they threaten his position or when he needs virgins for their blood. he's basically egged on by his lady love and an alchemist that he's employed and it's more greed and insanity that seems to be his problem than demonic possession (unfortunately). there are parts that are at least somewhat exciting like jousting and grown men trying to knock each other down with big sticks, and the film at least has a good look to it, but otherwise there's little about this to recommend. little in the way of gore and nothing to be afraid of at all, and most unusual, for a molina/naschy film, not really any unintentional humor. therefore, 4 out of 10.

not the greatest film to remember paul naschy by.gaston (guillermo bredeston) is probably the worst swordsman i have ever seen. zorro would be ashamed! his only salvation came as the competition was just as bad.this film is described as adventure and horror. forget the horror - there is none. no nudity, no blood, no monsters; just a robin hood adventure against an evil baron (paul naschy) who wants to be king.the main feature of the film was seeing graciela nilson, who only made four films in two years and disappeared to our regrettable loss. where did she go?

i tend to love everything the great late paul naschy (r.i.p.) ever was in. while not all films starring naschy are great, they all have a specific charm that can be found nowhere but in naschy-flicks, and they are always entertaining. there is no rule without exception, however, as "el mariscal del infierno" aka. "the devil's possessed" (1974) proves. while the film does have the specific naschy-flick-charm, it sadly drags far too much and gets really, really dull in-between. naschy stars as the evil baron gilles de lancré, who oppresses the people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. when gaston de malebranche (guillermo bredeston), who fought side by side with gilles de lancré against the british, learns about the baron's evil behavior, he decides to turn against his former comrade in arms and help the people free themselves from the satanic baron's tyranny...directed by león klimovsky, who is best known for directing naschy in "la noche de walpurgis" ("the werewolf vs. the vampire woman", 1971), the film was scripted by naschy himself. naschy often scripted his own films, and one must say that he mostly did a better, more original job than it is the case here. "el mariscal del infierno" is mostly built up as a historical adventure rather than a horror film, and it gets quite boring throughout the middle. it often resembles the sword and sandal films from the 50s, only that this film is set in medieval times. the satanic part was probably only added because the great paul naschy's name is linked to the horror genre. the film has its good parts: paul naschy giving weird speeches, paul naschy looking weird, paul naschy doing satanic stuff, paul naschy torturing innocent victims, etc. but sadly, most of the film concentrates on the boring hero and the good guys, and these moments are boring. the female cast members are nice to look at, but, unlike most naschy films, this one features no nudity and sleaze. there is some gore, but it mostly looks clumsy and isn't as fun too look at as it is the case with most other naschy films. overall, "el mariscal del infierno" is only worth a look for my fellow naschy-enthusiasts. there are dozens of films starring the spanish horror deity which should be seen before this one, such as "el jorobado de la morgue" ("the hunchback of the morgue", 1973), "la orgia de los muertos" ("the hanging woman", 1973), "el espanto surge de la tumba" ("horror rises from the tomb", 1973), "latidos de panico" ("panic beats", 1983), "rojo sangre" (2004), or any of the 'waldemar daninsky' werewolf films. r.i.p. paul naschy. legends never die!

it's rare that i feel a need to write a review on this site, but this film is very deserving because of how poorly it was created, and how bias its product was.i felt a distinct attempt on the part of the film-makers to display the palestinian family as boorish and untrustworthy. we hear them discuss the sadness that they feel from oppression, yet the film is shot and arranged in a way that we feel the politically oppressed population is the jewish israeli population. we see no evidence that parallels the position of the palestinian teenager. we only hear from other palestinians in prison. i understand restrictions are in place, but the political nature of the restrictions are designed to prevent peace.i came out of the film feeling that the mother of the victim was selfish in her mourning and completely closed minded due to her side of the fence, so to speak. she continued to be unwilling to see the hurt of the bomber's parents, and her angry and closed-minded words caused the final meeting to spiral out of control. it is more realistic, in my mind, to see the israeli mindset to be a root of the problem; ignored pleas for understanding and freedom, ignored requests for acknowledgment for the process by which the jewish population acquired the land.i have given this a two because of these selfish weaknesses of the mother, which normally would be admirable in a documentary, however in the light of the lack of impartiality, it all seems exploitative. also for the poor edits, lack of background in the actual instance, and finally the lack of proper representation of the palestinian side. ultimately, it is a poor documentary and a poor film. i acknowledge this is partially the result of the political situation, but am obliged to note the flaws in direction regardless of the heart-wrenching and sad subject matter.

the filming crew did not have good access to the occupied territories, so filming of the israeli side dominated. i was struck by the nearly completely opposite points of view of the mothers. the israeli mother lost a child who had the possibility of a life of tremendous happiness. the palestinian mother lost a child who had only the possibility of a life of privation and despair. with such completely different viewpoints, any meeting had no real chance of any meeting of the minds. the word "peace" did not have the same meaning to each of them. peace to the palestinian was freedom. peace to the israeli was security. with such an abyss, is this sort of film really worth much? i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda -- both sides were unconvincing.

it's pretty clear that the director and production crew set out to paint a less than flattering picture of the palestinian girl and her family. the film and it's website tries to imply that ayat has a secret reason for blowing herself and rachel up- a boyfriend problem- perhaps pregnancy. neatly glossed over is the fact that ayat had herself just witnessed the death of a close friend at the hands of the israelis'-just outside her home. gosh,so why on earth would a young, pretty, intelligent girl with plans for college go and do such a thing? could it be that the hormonal, emotional teenager was traumatized by seeing seeing someone she loved die before her very eyes? this detail merits all of 5 seconds in the movie. another neatly sidestepped detail is that avigail levy, rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building the akhras family lived in(along with 22 other families). one distinctly gets the impression that she's offering this as a "concession" - should mrs. akhras agree to speak with her."why should i?" she says.(since the movie was made the home has been destroyed- apparently the interview didn't result in what she wanted- so bring on the bulldozers)mrs levy claimed that she "wanted the movie to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to transcend entrenched hatreds"- instead she uses it as an excuse to harangue ayats mother, while dangling the house as a carrot.moreover although the two women live only 4 miles apart, she is so out of touch with the realities of the occupation for her palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that mrs. akhras can just drop over for a cup of coffee?please.and she forgoes the one chance she had to meet mrs. akhras in person and see what kind of life she lives.(the akras family originally came from jaffa, but now live crammed into a refugee camp only 4 miles from where the levys live in comparative luxury.any sympathy i would have had for the obviously well to do mrs. levy is dissolved by her air of self-righteous bitchiness.by contrast, ayats mother comes off as kind,forthright and loving- in spite of the best efforts by the post production crew to paint her and her family as monsters. heck even the music and sound design was one sided- i guess the muezzin sings all day every day 4 miles from the levy family home, always in a sharply contrasting key from the sappy new-age music that scores this drab excuse for a documentary.also there is the small matter of translations - mrs. levy directly addresses the camera in english when she has something worked out to say ahead of time, hebrew when she doesn't. mrs.akhras spoke only arabic which received sometimes a translation, sometimes transliteration, always awkward, and very suspect for a supposedly objective movie.they also "sweated" her under the lights, while mrs. levy sat in (air conditioned) comfort.rotten editing for mrs. akhras' segments too. i gave it a 2 because i liked ayats mother and father, who seemed like good decent people. shame on hbo, producers and director, for releasing such a stink-bomb.

alan alda plays real-life "sports illustrated" writer george plimpton, who was once invited to join the detroit lions football team as an honorary member. rather wan, uncompelling drama curiously tempered with fantasy. director alex march takes an interesting tack on this material, shooting it in a quasi-documentary fashion (with macho commentary) and yet giving the tale a touch of capraesque whimsy; still, by bringing out the cinematic flashiness in this set-up, he turns the main narrative into a jumble. alda's smug, uncharismatic performance is another handicap, though the supporting cast is filled with real-life pro-athletes (and scintillating lauren hutton as alda's girlfriend--how's that for a fantasy?). *1/2 from ****

bestselling writer george plimpton(alan alda)takes on an assignment for sports illustrated. he is to go incognito to the detroit lions training camp and try out for a position as third string quarterback. he is quickly found out by the team members featuring alex karras and mike lucci. the entire team finds it amusing to cause stumbling blocks in the writer's determination to quarterback for a series in a real game.this movie is alda's debut and also helped karras leave the gridiron for acting. besides the 1968 detroit lions, the cast also includes "sugar ray" robinson, roy schieder and lauren hutton.alex march directs this story based on plimton's book.

in one word... abysmal. i give it one star for the hippie sex scenes and eye candy women, otherwise forget it. corman's worst effort, bar none. ben vereen should have had his name permanently stricken from the cast. i cannot believe that this is now going to be on dvd (as of 2/15/05) with "wild in the streets" - another retro stinker. i woke up sick in bed this morning with a cold, decided to watch a movie to cheer me up some, scanned the digital channels... the premise looked interesting enough because i like viewing b-movie sci-fi, hippie culture and rebellious teen flicks. it seemed familiar somehow and with ben vereen in the cast, i thought... why not? what a big mistake... it was a horrible start to my day.only after viewing it, i now know why the familiarity crept into the recesses of my newly-awakened brain. i remembered seeing coming attractions for this film as a 14-year old (i'm 45), back in the early/mid-seventies at the sombrero, a local art theater that no longer exists... the whole theater laughed hysterically and even groaned out loud at how bad this movie looked. acting: dreadful, story: awful, cinematography: nearly-awful, music: terrible, sound: horrendous, directing: a joke. if you choose to watch this after my warning, remember... "i told you so.""gass-s-s-s" is the perfect title for this film... you feel "gassed" after viewing this putrid movie - or maybe that you should be taken to a "gas" chamber for wasting your brain away. i have seen homemade super 8 movies that put this film to shame. definitely a new addition to my all-time top ten worst films... it's up there (er, down there) with "tentacles." ted in gilbert, az

i don't hand out "ones" often, but if there was ever a film that deserved this sort of attention, it's "gas!" this is self-indulgent crap that reaches for some of the ambiance of m*a*s*h and falls completely flat on its face in the attempt.i see what corman was going for - malcolm marmorstein and elliott gould tried to reproduce gould's deathless role in the original movie version of m*a*s*h with a similar plot (in the movie "whiffs" - look it up here in imdb, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073891/ for more information).marmorstein and gould got closer to the brass ring with "whiffs" than corman did with "gas!" but didn't quite get there. neither one of those films even got close to the success of m*a*s*h.what's wrong with "gas!"? what isn't? no one comes close to really acting at a level above junior high school theatrics. the production values stink. someone else here mentioned the magically regenerating headlights on a getaway car, and there's more of that lack of attention to detail. nothing works the way it's supposed to in this film, and nobody cares."gas!" actually put me to sleep. it's not a sure cure for insomnia, but really close. on the cinematic sleep induction scale, "gas!" falls somewhere between "last year at marienbad" and george clooney's remake of "solaris" (which itself was remarkable for being more boring than the mosfilm original, despite that studio's seeming unfamiliarity with the idea of keeping the audience's attention by judicious editing).judicious editing would have decimated "gas!" to about twenty minutes. the result would be pointless, but no more so than the original film.certain films are so bad that they have a compelling quality that makes them worth watching anyway. this isn't one of them. don't waste your time. it's not even amusingly bad.

roger corman is undeniably one of the most versatile and unpredictable directors/producers in history. he was single-handedly responsible for some of my favorite horror films ever (like the edgar allen poe adaptations "masque of the red death" and "pit and the pendulum") as well as some insufferably cheap and tacky rubbish quickies (like "creature from the haunted sea" and "she gods of the shark reef"). corman also made a couple of movies that are simply unclassifiable and  simply put  nearly impossible to judge properly. "the trip", for example, as well as this imaginatively titled "gas-s-s-s" can somewhat be labeled as psychedelic exploitation. in other words, they're incredibly strange hippie-culture influenced movies. half of the time you haven't got the slightest idea what's going on, who these characters are that walk back and forth through the screen and where the hell this whole thing is going. the plot is simply and yet highly effective: a strange but deadly nerve gas is accidentally unleashed and promptly annihilates that the entire world population over the age of 25. this *could* be the basic premise of an atmospheric, gritty and nail-bitingly suspenseful post-apocalyptic sci-fi landmark, but writer george armitage and roger corman decided to turn it into a "trippy" road-movie comedy. none of the characters is even trying to prevent their inevitable upcoming deaths; they just party out in the streets and found little juvenile crime syndicates. "gas-s-s-s" is a disappointingly boring and tries overly hard to be bizarre. the entire script appears to be improvised at the spot and not at all funny. definitely not my cup of tea, but the film does have a loyal fan base and many admirers, so who am i to say that it's not worth your time or money?

i think if you are into the sixties kind of thing, as i am, you are obligated to waste about 80 minutes of your life watching this barely watchable trainwreck. the saving graces of this oddity include a surprisingly apt social commentary on sixties values along with a number of relatively well known actors caught in early (and embarrassing) footage. it's as if the producers of laugh-in sat down and decided to write a full length film, covering all the high points (and more) of the issues between the flower children and the establishment, then put it in the hands of a couple of hippies and gave them about a $10,000 budget to complete it. hardly a classic, but in its own way it does capture how truly strange that time was, the silliness, the over-idealism, and the uptightness of the establishment. clearly not for everyone.

mighty morphin power rangers has got to be the worst television show ever made. there is no plot, just a bunch of silly costumed kids using martial arts while dressed up in second class spandex outfits.the special effects look like they are from the '70's, the costumes look like something out of a bad comedy, and the show is just plain awful.the only thing worse than the television show are the toys, just second rate plastic garbage fed to our kids.there are far better shows for your kids to watch!try giving your kids something like nickelodean, those shows actually have some intelligence behind them, unlike power rangers.

i really do not have any clue as to why some people find the power rangers television show even remotely interesting at all. the costumes are completely ridiculous and the people playing in them also look completely foolish at the same time. there is absolutely anything remotely interesting about the power rangers. this is just a higher priced television commercial designed to sell extremely cheesy plastic garbage to the unsuspecting children around the world. from the notes, i can see that it's been banned in the country of new zealand and from what i have seen, i can agree with their decision. avoid this show at all costs, it's terrible and ridiculous.

come on, what is the deal with this show, power rangers anyways? i always felt that the show, which was originally brought over from japan in a better form, took what was great in japan, and turned into one of the most ridiculous and pointless excuses in toy merchandising history! there is absolutely no point with this show whatsoever.the bad haircuts, bad costumes, earrings, etc, all show what was ridiculous back in the 1990s from the two idiots, bulk and skull, to the "duhs", of the main cast, jason, trini, tommy, kimberly, billy and zack, i just want to say one thing: give me a break!saban brought this from japan, and then disney bought the rights to this show around five years ago.now the public has to endure reruns of this show on the disney channel and such.all i can say once again is give me a break!

okay, i seriously can't think of anything worse than the pr series. there are many bad things in life...traitors, liars, etc. but seriously, power rangers has got to be at the bottom of this list. can you think of anything more stupid than five-six teenagers (who don't even act like a normal teen) dancing around in identical suits with different colors so that you can tell them apart? fans, have you ever come across a real person who gets flung against a mental wall and gets up almost immediately and continues to fight without getting injured? power rangers are for five-year old boys, and believe me, i never liked this show even when i was five.i guess you can say dino thunder is an exception. the teens actually act like teens, and tommy oliver actually acts like a mentor, or no, a teacher. it's got teen-humor, though the fighting is lame, i don't hate dino thunder.many people say power rangers are crap, but i wouldn't. it would be an insult to crap. so face it, five year old boys, power rangers is rubbish.

nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin 90's as classics (people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days), and while some of those shows were/are undoubtedly good, this one is just pure crap. i watched this show a lot back in those days since it got a lot of reruns on tv back then, and even as a child i didn't like it. even a 8-year old can see how much the people in power rangers are overacting, and how much the special-fx sucked even back then. when the show doesn't resort to the painfully bad 'fighting'-scenes, it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap-opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then. i don't know about you, but i didn't give a rats ass about any of that at all, and its basically filler until they have to 'fight' some dude again in a very cliché alien-costume with fireworks or some toy-robot. you never feel 'involved' in some kind of way with this show, and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet just enhances the lack of feeling.there is really nothing memorable about this show, and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin-offs (beetleborgs is a good example). all it is is just a quick way to make some money though. i challenge any 'fan' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because i couldn't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children. my guess is that most 'fans' of power rangers will tell me that i "just don't get it" anyway, or something along that line. i really don't care though; this was crap back then and it still crap now.

15 years ago, power rangers was one of the shows that swept the nations, especially that of the youth. when i was a 3-year-old kid living in the philippines, i would watch this show every friday on abs-cbn (channel 2 over there). when the movie came out in 1995, it was all shock and awe to me when i watched it with my dad and 2 uncles. my grandparents even sent me a "balikbayan" box full of power rangers stuff (including the easy-to-build megazord figure and the stuffed toys of the rangers). i even played the video games, and loved only one of them ("mmpr: fighting edition"), which was really sad. anyway, it was the show that set a stepping stone on my interest on robot series (especially anime mech series like "gundam") now that i'm 18, i'd like to think this show is pretty cheesy to me now. to prove this, i took a trip down memory lane by buying a 2-set dvd collection with "mmpr: the movie" and "turbo: a power rangers movie" and watched both of them. i was like, "ugh. how awful. just another junk in the attic for me." for all of you people of my generation, this is not a show that you'd want to watch over and over again. i'm not saying to leave it behind for the rest of your life, but occasionally is not a bad thing now, is it? instead of "power rangers", i'd recommend something like "mobile fighter g gundam" (highly recommended), "ninja senshi tobikage" (aka ninja robots), or even the original sentai shows that were the basis of "power rangers."

power rangers, the completely awful kid's show from the 1990s still continues to disturb young children with it's complete cheesiness, and awful settings.this show was not entertainment, it was an excuse to teach children violence in showing kids how to fight one another in order to solve their differences.the toys were further demonstration in how to promote a violent television show and such.i have never been able to figure out what the purpose of this completely ridiculous show ever was.as such, it remains one of the worst kids shows ever made.

mighty morphin power rangers came out in 1993, supposedly based on the japanese sentai television show that started back in the 1970s. now as a fan of japanese action films and series, you would think i would get a kick out of this show.you could not be more wrong. what worked in the japanese version has become a complete abomination of television with mighty morphin power rangers.mmpr is based on five teenagers who get powers to becomes costumed superheroes with robotic dinosaurs who form an even bigger robot.now this premise is more far fetched and more laughable than anything in either transformers movie, yet, the ridiculousness of this show is often overlooked.it was followed by two really bad, and i do mean, really bad movie knock offs, and the actors starring in this series, completely disappeared from the scene.if you must choose, try watching japan's zyuranger series instead.also, what's up with the awful long 1990s haircuts and all the earrings on the guys? it makes them all look feminine!

i remember this show being on the television when i was a kid back in the early 1990s, and there was this rage about kids with goofy leotards doing kung fu on one another and riding around in plastic dinosaurs. it was called power rangers. i remember that little kids would go around hitting each other and then the shirts and the stuff from the show was banned in many school districts all over the country because this show taught kids how to fight each other in solving their differences.i never really thought of this as a show, especially when better shows like the tick were playing on fox kids. most older teens always looked at power rangers in a ridiculous and scornful manner, and it's not hard to wonder why. the footage is ridiculous at best. the colored rangers costumes look like stuff you would work out in and the dinosaurs look like plastic nonsense. then you get into the acting, and of course those really laughable haircuts. all the guys run around with earrings on, half of them are wearing 90's mullets, and they always wear the same clothes everyday, and then change into leotard wearing power rangers.the toys are especially ridiculous as well, and was the joke of many late night talk show hosts. and of course two of the worst movies ever made, and i do mean two of the worst movies ever made were based on this show with nearly every critic trashing both the films, and the shows it was based on.power rangers is nothing more than a bad television commericial for especially bad toy merchandising. as an adult, i don't look at it fondly, but rather as another embarrassment of 1990s kids shows, fashion and guys' earrings.

many people here say that this show is for kids only. hm, when i was a kid (approximately 7-9 years old) i watched this show first. it was disgusting for me. i talked with other kids about this and, sure, other shows and know what? this was the measure of disguise, whenever we wanted to emphasize something's silliness (either on tv or anything else) we said "uh, just like power rangers" and laughed. and before visiting this site i could not imagine that there actually are fans of mmpr. it was so strange for me that i decided to watch it again and try to understand why people like it. i did not enjoy that viewing. but it dawned upon me: maybe i have not enough imagination? it may be. however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star.

the power rangers is definitely the worst television show and completely ridiculous plastic toy line in the history of the united states.there is absolutely nothing even remotely entertaining about this completely awful television show.this is simply the worst show ever made, with awful actors, dressing up in multi colored spandex outfits that look completely ridiculous.the owners of this show should be ashamed of themselves, since there is no redeeming value to this nonsense.kids of today should try watching better shows like the toy story movies instead of this garbage.

power rangers, the moronic merchandising television kids show from the 1990s, has got to be the most pointless and ridiculous television show ever created.what exactly is the point of this show anyway, other than to sell second rate plastic nonsense to children? there is nothing even remotely redeeming or interesting about this show in anyway.look at the costumes, which look like spandex gone bad.the mullet style hair, earrings, and fashions of the early 1990s look completely ridiculous these days.avoid this show at all costs!

i really, really wanted to like julian po. i think that slater is underrated as an actor, and that many of the supporting players here are better than they are given a chance to demonstrate in this film. i realize this is based on a short story which i have not read. so, i do not know if what i see as the film's faults originated with the story, or were imposed on it by the director/screenwriter. the premise is wonderful, and i loved the voiceover, confessional tone the opening narration strikes. but then...? nothing! several of the cliched local characters ask julian pointblank to explain his intention to commit suicide. one could argue that he doesn't answer, because it's none of their business. but julian is the one who, under only token pressure, blurted out his intentions in public. then neither julian nor the director/writer, despite the fact that the julian character is keeping a tape recorded journal for god's sake, seem inclined to provide anything beyond the scant initial information on julian's life. he says he was a bookkeeper. he says his family moved around when he was a child, due to his father's job. so what? there are several interactions with the locals which seem designed to illuminate julian's purpose. but none of them go anywhere, because julian seems to regard all these dopey locals as if they were aliens from another planet, as if he were the ultimate (and only) sane one among them. this might work as an allegory, if julian po had any defining characteristics or anything approaching wisdom to impart. the closest he comes to revealing anything about himself is in the scene in which he purposely humiliates the naive, religious wife of the mechanic. and what this scene reveals is not anything that would inspire empathy for julian. i can only see the julian character --as rendered--as selfish, petty, and totally condescending. sort of matches the attitude of the director of this half-baked, contrived film. and poor michael parks, an actor who once had so much promise, is given nothing to work with here.

seems everyone in this film is channeling woody allen. they stammer and pause and stammer some more. only for really die-hard denero fans! it tries to appear as edgy and artistic - but it comes off as looking like a very, very low budget film made by college students. the most often used word in the whole film is "hum". the film does peg the atmosphere of the late sixties/early seventies though. if you like films where people are constantly talking over each other, horrible lighting (even if it is for "art's sake"), and makes you feel like you are sitting in on a lame political meeting, then you might like this - but you need to be really bored. i found this cd in the dollar bin and now i know why.

it is only robert de niro film which i really hates. it is stupid film with horrible acting (of course not de niro). for me, brian de palma must do his mafia films as always like scarface (1983) or the untouchables (1987). i also loved de palma's mission: impossible (1996). de niro worked with palma two different times too, greetings and the wedding party. i though that the wedding party was ok too (i didn't watch greetings). screenplay is really bad and unfunny. there are no any scene where i can smile for even one time. film lost a chance to be a funny style even a little bit in a "be black baby" scene and also i don't like the scene where a guy's sexual organ appeared. so, it is one of the worst film i have ever seen! just worst. i hate that.

this was one of the worst movies i've ever seen. i'm still not sure if it was serious, or just a satire. one of those movies that uses every stupid who dunnit cliché they can think of. arrrrgh.don johnson was pretty good in it actually. but otherwise it sucked. it was over 10 years ago that i saw it, but it still hurts and won't stop lingering in my brain. the last line in the movie really sums up how stupid it is. i won't ruin it for you, should you want to tempt fate by viewing this movie. but i garantee you a *nghya* moment at the end, with a few in between. if you have nothing better to do, and you like to point and laugh, then maybe it might be worth your while. additionally, if you're forced to go on a date with someone you really don't like, suggest watching this movie together, and they'll probably leave you alone after they see it. that's a fair price to pay, i guess.

!!!! possible mild spoiler !!!!!as i watched the first half of guilty as sin i couldn`t believe it was made in 1993 because it played like a jagged edge / joe eszterhas clone from the mid 80s . it starts with a murder and it`s left for the audience to muse " is he guilty or innocent and will he go to bed with his attorney ? " , but halfway through the film shows its early 90s credentials by turning into a " lawyer gets manipulated and stalked by her client " type film which ends in a ridiculous manner , and guilty as sin has an even more ridiculous ending in this respect .this is a very poor thriller but the most unforgivable thing about it is that it was directed by sidney lumet the same man who brought us the all time classic court room drama 12 angry men

you might be tempted to rent this film because peter sellers appears in it. that would be a mistake. this is one of the most pointless films ever made. i kept waiting for something funny to happen, but nothing funny appears in this movie. even the film industry recognized this was a very weak film and didn't even try to promote it. its a wonder that it was ever put on video.i wonder what sort of contract caused sellers to be in this film. i also wonder why the people responsible for this film were allowed to go on to make other bad films. surely this film is a waste of the money used to create it, and a waste of anyone's time watching it. surely there are high school students who would be able to write/produce a film which as a plot.

peter sellers plays dick scratcher (ha,ha), a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one. although he's witnessed a treasure being buried, he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank. thus, dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts (do you place an ad for that?) and help lead a path to the treasure. it's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film. former goon spike milligan replaced medak as director, and given medak's talents in the film the ruling class, you can probably guess which of the grainy, poorly lit scenes had milligan in the director's chair. peter boyle makes a brief appearance in the film's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain. he's probably quite thankful that young frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned, so that he can keep this off his resume. franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power-behind-scratcher but he and seller both look pretty desperate, with even sellers' makeup and hair looking quite terrible. they had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it. with lines like these, i can understand any possible unease:pierre: (about to be hanged) you'll pay for this.scratcher: no, i won't. i'll do it for free.and that's one of the good jokes. it's amazing to me that much of sellers prolific material is still in the vaults, but this was made available on vhs more than 15 years ago! how about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the us the well-received british tv program "a show called fred" starring sellers, milligan, and directed by the great richard lester?

this movie does have some great noirish/neorealist visuals, and it tells a story that is refreshingly free of hollywood's sugar-coating, which was only possible because it was essentially an independent foreign film. but some of the scenes go on for much too long (the wedding, especially), and i found the exaggerated acting and unrealistic dialog to be more fit for the stage than for the silver screen.the dialog was particularly distracting, and it seemed to get worse as the movie went on. most of the characters were either italian-americans or italian immigrants living in new york in the twenties and thirties, but their dialog sounded like they were practicing lines for a shakespeare play while they mixed cement and laid bricks. toward the end i was laughing, and not because the filmmakers wanted me to. i guess the stilted poetry could be defended by saying that the characters would have been speaking italian, and the dialog is a literal translation of how they would really talk. but it absolutely did not work for me.another line of dialog made me laugh for a different reason: the main character's son, born and raised in new york in the 1920's, suddenly picks up a lovely lilting british accent. i'm only guessing this had something to do with the fact that the movie was made in england.i give this movie an 'a' for effort and intention, but a considerably lower grade for execution.

this is one of the worst films i have *ever* seen! it is bad, even at tv movie level standards. the plot is diabolically flawed, and the known names in this film are wasted on confused, uncertain characters. i don't know how the director managed to keep this excuse of a film together - it is that bad. billed as a 'psychological horror thriller' - it is certainly horrific. there is nothing thrilling about it. and it could do you psychological damage! the initial opening scenes held such promise - a possible embarkation on whether the soul is just an aspect of the brain, but the utter shambles that followed the car-crash scene is beyond belief. no matter how hard you try, you couldn't care less about the characters. there are so many sprinkled ideas that the film is at best a collage of disconnected phrases from chinese philosophers, and at worst the film would actually make you go brain dead!i have purchased over 300 films on dvd, and this is the first one i'm going to get my money back on. steer clear.

i felt brain dead, i'll tell you. this is the worst film i have ever bought. (in my ignorance i thought this was the peter jackson film of the same name). the performances are so terrible they are laughable. the special effects have not stood the test of time and look dire. the script promotes that kind of tv movie, stare into the middle distance kind of acting. the cast look as if they have been taking lessons from joey tribbiani, they have one look each, and stick to it. plus i have never been confused by a movie until i sat down to watch this. the is it a dream or no plot is so terrible that frustration sets in within a few minutes. avoid like a plague.

even worse than the worst david lynch "confusathon", "brain dead" makes no sense whatsoever. shamefully wasted talent (bill pullman, bill paxton), bounce around like they are in a "tom and jerry" cartoon on acid. there is negligible character development. it simply starts climbing the "strange scale", until climaxing in total chaos. do not get sucked into this because of the above fine actors. they are given nothing to work with, and you will be wondering what's going on throughout the entire, unbearable 85 minutes. i highly recommend avoiding "brain dead" at all costs, unless you are into scattering your brain into total nonsense. - merk

discovery channel/animal planet must be ashamed of themselves. this fantasy is modeled after the "walking with dinosuars" series. even though this is 100% fantasy it is presented in the same factual and archaeological way. even mixing the fantasy dragons with t-rexs and the extinction of the dinos. added to being shown on an educational channel instead of say sci-fi it gives an air of factual authenticity to this show.on its own the show is about an 7.5/10 far as entertainment goes. but the way in which it is presented i have to give it a 1/10. don't get me wrong i have no problem with fantasy but they way they put this out is so wrong. i can really see young kids and slow adults believing that they did find a dragon and that this is real.i also think this weakens the great "walking with dinosuars" series because now you have to view that with a mind of how much is fantasy on that mini-series.

i think that most everyone wants to believe that extraordinary things exist and this film shows no restraint in trying to exploit that to the fullest. the presentation is very interesting, well presented and the graphics are state of the art, but from a scientific point of view it just doesn't work. hydrogen filled flying bladders? they would need to be the size of a mack truck to be useful. and then there's the ever-present possibility of a catastrophic explosion. i have no problem with fantasy, just don't try to pass it off as fact. some folks will always misunderstand. all in all the film is entertaining, but i constantly found myself saying "oh brother, what a load of ....". if you want a fake documentary, watch this is spinal tap instead. or at the very least turn the sound off.

this documentary (or i should say mockumentary) is the perfect example of how ridiculous can the people be, when they have full enthusiasm on something like that. honestly, i hate cryptozoology. it is unscience, it just destroy it. however, something positive in this was the visual effects (dragons were beautiful), but some of the information in this mockumentary was totally fake, and that is really disappointing because it was coming from scientists, so that is the reason why it deserves a 1 of 10 and not a 0. an example of false information would be the hydrogen idea: it is true that, according to chemystry, the hydrogen is produced in the stomach but it is impossible to be produced in that proportions, so in that case, you need a good explanation of what really happens in a dragon stomach. there are a lot of substances whit hydrogen in the nature but not the necessary to aloud an animal like that to fly, and the hydrogen does not appear from nothing, so it is impossible. anyway, there is actually something worse, the idea of the platinum: this element is more difficult to find than gold, and i cannot explain myself how dragons survive depending of that. it is ridiculous, they present dragons like creatures with low chances of conquering the planet earth, but off course at least that explain why they got extincted. probably cryptologist's call themselves scientists, but they are not. people like them say lies like in this mockumentary, and what is worst, some people buy them. but i do not think that a person who cares about science would believe in dragons after watching this. those fake scientists waste their time.

let me begin by saying i am a big fantasy fan. however, this film is not for me. many far-fetched arguments are trying to support this film's claim that dragons possibly ever existed. the film mentions connections in different stories from different countries, but fails to investigate them more thoroughly, which could have given the film some credibility. the film uses (nice!) cgi to tell us a narrated fantasy story on a young dragon's life. this is combined with popular-tv-show-csi-style flash-forwards to make it look like something scientific, which it is definitely not. in many cases the arguments/clues are far-fetched. in some cases, clues used to show dragons possibly existed, or flew, or spit fire are simply invalid. to see this just makes me get cramp in my toes. even a fantasy film needs some degree of reality in it, but this one just doesn't have it. bottom line: it's a pretentious fantasy-csi documentary, not worth watching.

in the autobiographical coming-of-age tale "romulus, my father," eric bana, of "munich" fame, plays an impoverished german émigré struggling to raise his son, raymond (kodi smit-mcphee), in rural 1960's australia. the major obstacle to the family's stability and happiness is his wife, christina (franka potente), who flagrantly violates her wedding vows by shamelessly shacking up with other men. despite her highly unconventional behavior, romulus refuses to grant her a divorce, masochistically torturing himself in the vain hope that she will one day return to him. it is, unfortunately, the good-hearted and good-natured raimond who must bear witness to all this marital turmoil - and it is his memoir that serves as the basis for the movie (raimond gaita would later grow up to be an author).even though i admire "romulus, my father" for what it is trying to do, i can't honestly say i enjoyed it, for while the film has some fine performances and serious intentions going for it, these simply aren't enough to counteract the dour storyline and funereal pacing, which leave the audience as despairing and depressed as the people on screen. a serious slice-of-life drama is one thing, but this unremittingly downbeat wallow in adultery, insanity and multiple suicides (let alone attempted suicides) is something else again.

i just finished watching this movie and i found it was basically just not funny at all.i'm an rpg gamer (computer type, none of the dnd tabletop stuff) but i found none of the jokes in this funny at all.some of the scenes seemed to drag out a lot (tilt and zoom could've been cut down to 5seconds rather than over a minute) and it feels as though the director was just trying to fill in time.i think i laughed a total of 2-3 times in the entire movie.the acting itself wasn't all that bad, around the standard that a b grade movie should have.i'd suggest not bothering with this movie unless you're a huge dnd fan and even then it would probably be best to steer clear of it.

this movie is not funny. it just takes the d&d nerd stereotypes and amplifies them. all the main characters make less than 30k a year, they all live with their parents, they're all socially retarded, and they have no luck with women. the jokes are horrible and unimaginative, such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a kkk looking hood on (it was his wizard costume) and the other guy had on a john rocker warm up (oh how funny, he's a nerd so he doesn't know about sports). you may have to be a childish high-schooler to find any of this stuff funny. poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch, but obviously extremely cheap to make. i feel sorry for kelly lebrock and beverly d'angelo. i guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime.

this movie is just lame. a total waste of time and money. the jokes are predictable, the characters are so cliché and the way it talks about rpg gamers is not funny as well. the problem is that the writers seems not to know how a rpg game works and, most important, how to make jokes about this game. of course there are a bunch of losers who play rpg like freaking retards and total losers. but for me this is not the funniest way to make jokes about this game. the story doesn't make any sense at all. who cares about how long a game is being played? the greatest problem in this movie is that the writers and actors didn't even try to know what rpg is about to make jokes about it. i felt ashamed by watching this lame movie.

i usually enjoy films like this. it's shot documentary style, but the acting and writing are just awful. the acting is wooden and stiff and the writing is just so cliché, but not at all in a good way. as of typing this, i'm surprised it's at a 5.2/10 on imdb. i'm certain that most of these votes must have come from relatives of people in the movie. i suppose if that's the case, you might manage a couple of laughs, as it's always funny seeing your relatives/friends make a movie. well, in a way, i guess this gives hope to all up and coming writers, directors, actors, etc., 'cause if they can do it, you can do it. although, maybe you shouldn't.

i sat through this at gencon only because it was quiet and i could nap. what a waste of time. beverly d'angelo and william katt? wtf? were the lady who played flo and abe vigoda busy or something?truly, a piece of unfunny garbage. the characters were stereotypical without meaning to (i think...) and wooden, most of them seemed like they were on autopilot. the so-called "hilarious" situations described in some of the other so-called reviews were so hackneyed, i weeped for the writers.i'm confused as to how anyone can find this worth their time, seriously. i'm only giving it 3 out of 10 because in order to be a 2 or 1, it would need to be either five-hours long or feature more kelly lebrock.

i couldn't believe it when i put this movie in my dvd player. i thought i'd have a good laugh, since i've played d&d for half my life. i had to turn it off as i had company and they were wondering what the crap i was watching.finished it later, and i should have just left it off at the soft-core gay clown porn in the beginning. no, they run the gamut of fart jokes, cum jokes, incest, racism, dressing up as kkk... this movie is flat out mean to anyone who's ever played d&d.no wonder it looks like the real d&d wouldn't let them use their game. who'd want their name attached to this?

christopher guest need not worry, his supreme hold on the mockumentary sub-genre is not in trouble of being upstaged in the least especially not by this extremely unfunny jab at rpg-gamers. the jokes are beyond lame. not enough substance to last the typical length of a (particularly rancid) snl skit, much less the 87 atrocious minutes i waisted watching this drivel. the great william katt (greatest american hero, house) deserves much much better. one thing and one thing alone makes the fact that i saw this worth it in my mind and that's posting about it on here so hopefully just hopefully i'll save someone such a bad experience.my grade: d- dvd extras: 2 audio commentaries; 7 interviews with various cast members; 4 deleted scenes; & theatrical trailer dvd-rom extras: 2 wallpapers easter egg: highlight the eye in the picture on the main menu for a short scene

as a gamer, i can't say i like this film. fact is, i down right hate it. i tried to watch it as open minded as possible, but when it gets down to it, it feels rather insulting to my social group.to me, there are several reasons why.1. the characters seem unnatural. i've met lots of players, of all different walks of life. i don't know any who act like any of the characters in the film. it's like the producers of the film have taken the worst aspects of the worst stereotypes and put them all into 5 people. most gamers are rather social people, some with rather active lives.2. the style doesn't work. the mockumentary style is ill suited to the subject matter of the film. an actual documentary on gamers would actually work better. while it is good looking (i.e. cleanly put together), it isn't very good.3. the dialogue feels forced, unnatural. it also seems to lack any real world context. gamers swear, i'll admit that, but we don't have tourette's syndrome.4. the humor is lacking. while self-deprecating humor is a mainstay of my group and several other groups i've encountered, this is less self-deprecation, and more like toilet humor. likewise, a large part of gamer humor is full of in-jokes and anecdotes, not toilet humor. most gamers would balk at and shun anybody who made such jokes.5. the biggest problem to me is basically this: accuracy. i don't mean rules, but instead dynamics. invariably, this film is going to be compared to the even lower budget films the gamers and the gamers: dorkness rising, both of which portray the players as actual people playing an actual game. the difference is, gamers: the movie presents a situation where you want to beat the players senseless vs. the gamers, where you can say something like: "huh, i know a guy like that... yep, that's definitely like gary."

i picked up this movie in the hope it would be similar to the hilarious "the gamers" by dead gentlemen productions (which is highly recommendable, by the way). boy, what a disappointment! the movie is shot in this fake documentary style made famous by the office but it fails to deliver. the reason is partly the stiff acting but mostly the writing and directing. true, it can be funny to use every singe cliché there is about role playing games, but here it is done in such a way that it becomes extremely predictable. already at the beginning of each scene you know what the "joke" will be about. but maybe the biggest problem is that everything is depicted way over the top. there is no subtlety in this movie, if there would be captions "laugh now" or a cheap 80s-style fake-laughter track it would not make much difference. with some scenes you can't help to think "yea, i get why they thought this would be funny" but the way it is executed takes all momentum out of the possible joke.

you want to see the movie "the gamers" by dead gentlemen productions. this is not that movie. this movie is not funny. it is a waste of time.all of the good comments here seem to be written by (poorly disguised) false third parties. the people who made this movie seem to be attempting to synthesize fake interest.this movie is not a well done mockumentary. comparisons to "spinal tap" or christopher guest are insulting.the movie is so mean-spirited that i cannot imagine anyone familiar with the subject matter finding it funny. being able to laugh at yourself is an important quality, but if you are the ones being lampooned in this manner, you'd have to hate yourself to enjoy it.the movie is not offensive because of its grand satire of taboo topics but because of its constant pathetic banality.

saw a screener of this before last year's award season, didn't really know why they gave them out after the voting had ended, but whatever, maybe for exposure, at the least, but the movie was a convoluted mess. sure, some parts were funny in a black humor kind of way, but none of the characters felt very real to me at all. there was not one person that i could connect with, and i think that is where it failed for me. sure, the plot is somewhat interesting and very subversive towards scientology, wow! what a grand idea...let's see if that already hasn't been mined to the point of futility. the whole ordeal feels fake, from the lighting, the casting, the screenplay to the horrible visual effects(which is supposed to be intentional, i can tell, and so can everyone else, no one is laughing with you though). anyways, i hope it makes it out for sale on dvd at least, i wouldn't want a project that a lot of people obviously put a lot of effort into get completely unnoticed. but it's tripe either way. boring tripe at that.

i almost never comment on movies, but i saw the 5 glowing reviews of this "movie" and decided i had to weigh in with my own review. an instructor of mine received this film in the mail, mixed in with his academy screeners (ampas, aka the guys who vote on the oscars), and was so floored with how terribly constructed this movie was that he brought it in to our class to demonstrate to us how not to put together a movie.this film has no plot, the scenes are horribly, horribly edited (oftentimes using faux "24" style picture-in-picture techniques), and the performances (particularly the lead, who even fails at acting like a bad actress) are for the most part, obnoxious. someone truly failed to understand the point of an introduction, namely, the setting up of the plot. there is no setup! halfway through the movie neither myself nor the rest of the class knew what this movie was supposed to be about. the opening crane shot, which sets up some kind of murder, is never addressed, and now that i think about it, was possibly meant to be a flash-forward, with the rest of the film being a flashback, but it cuts from that scene directly to the next without any indication as such.bah, i could really go on and on. at the very least, this movie gives me renewed confidence in my own film-making ability.

didn't care for the movie, the book was better. does anyone know where it was filmed? *** this was my first visit to your site...just found the answer to my question. so now i look like a dummy, but i think i'll still submit my comments. and yes, british columbia is lovely ***or why they took it from its south carolina coastal setting?(this question stands) the place was essential to the fabric of the book and its change was part of my disappointment with the movie. oh, i just read where i need to write at least ten lines. here's my other main issue with the film. kim bassinger was too vapid and not at all what i pictured from the book. i know, the book was the book and the movie; well not so good. i found the character in the book much more empathetic. also the book evoked rustic, almost primitive images of the monastery. while the "castle" in the film was much more visually impressive, it distorted the feel of the story and seemed at odds with the characters.

i had several problems with the movie: (1) the screenplay -- specifically, kim basinger's voice over: movies are not books; they should *show* the action rather than have a voice over *tell* us what's happening. occasionally i find a movie with a voice over that works, but here it seemed more of a lazy way of writing the script. in fact, it sounded to me as if she was practically reading excerpts from the novel in her voice over.(2) i felt no emotion in the relationship between jessie and brother thomas and also felt that alex carter's acting was pretty bad. that's a significant failure for me in defining jessie's and thomas' characters -- with no connection between them, it seemed to me as if she just wanted a stud and that for him it was a matter of being sex-deprived. if it had been properly done, the relationship between them would have given much more context to the story.(3) with the book, i understood jessie's mid-life crisis. in the movie, it seemed more like just plain boredom.on the plus side, i didn't think the movie was so bad as for me to turn off the tv . . . though that thought did occur to me.

picked this up for 50 cents at the flea market, was pretty excited.i found it fascinating for about 15 min, then just repetitive and dull.it is neat seeing mick and the gang in their prime, i wish there was not so much over dubbing of dialog so i could hear what there are saying and playing.the skits are politically dated and incredibly naive and simple, sort of poorly written monty python on acid. i spent more time looking at the late 60's england back drops rather then what was actually happening in the silly skits.this movie is a good reminder that times really change,and what was important quickly becomes just plain silly. good song, but it has now been played to death by this dvd.

firstly, this is a very dated film, non-focused in its exposition of the left wing political revolution. honestly, when someone says that the only way to be truly revolutionary is to cease to be intellectual ( which in itself is quite nonsensical, since the answer was arrived at by precisely being intellectual) it reduces me to despair; as if we all should return to being apes in the name of equality - it is simply ridiculous. our intellectuality is only one of many human qualities, but this does not mean we should not educate ourselves to the highest possible degree. but no doubt this non-educational message ties in with godard's use of rock music; hence the rolling stones.the song 'sympathy for the devil', whose creation we witness, and from which the film takes its name, is in fact nothing special. the chord sequence, which is not especially original, was used to much better effect in led zeppelin's 'thankyou'(led zeppelin ii). apart form that, 'sir' mick jagger declaims in his usually nebulous manner (rather like bob dylan)- notice how the first melodic phrase is unimaginatively repeated over again to form the verse.besides the fact that the black panthers depicted in this film, don't seem to know what they are fighting for, the most interesting scenes involve the equation of fascism with pornography; a message that in fact undermines the sexual 'liberation' of the 1960s and today ( indeed, a message that would belie the behaviour of the rolling stones around the time the film was made).no wonder, the dvd came free with the sunday times! for a truly profound historical exposition of left-wing sympathy, listen to luigi nono's masterpiece, 'al gran sole carico'd'amore'.

jean luc godard's marxist polemic is as close to unwatchable a film as you're likely to see from an internationally respected filmmaker. bits of political theater, mind-numbingly boring and interminable, are interspersed with the making of "sympathy for the devil", featuring the rolling stones in the studio.the process of the song's development, from mick jagger playing a demo on acoustic guitar, to the backing vocals being recorded towards the end, is fascinating, and it's worth renting this film just to see the bits with the stones. almost half the movie is devoted to this, so thanks to the miracle of chapter stops, you can skip all the bizarre political skits and just watch the stones put a song together.when i had this on laserdisc, i valiantly attempted to watch it all, but i don't see how anyone could get through it. i finally gave up and just chapter-skipped my way to the stones segments.

the film-school intellects can drool all they want about the important (imagined) meaning of this film, but it's just that: intellectual drool. this film is creatively bankrupt, and some mistake it's endless self-indulgent wanking as substance. yeah. obviously godard wasn't a stones fan. too bad, because this could have been great. he's capturing the birth of this timeless song and he chooses instead to cover the music with some guy reading out of a true detective mag or some such crap. then there's the endless shots of what looks like 60's librarians spray-painting words on people's cars. and then there's the seemingly neverending "interview" where the actress was brilliantly instructed to answer only yes or no to all the really deep and intellectual questions. there's some dude in a purple suit is reading more crap from a book, which goes on for, oh, only about 20 minutes. and black panthers or something in a junkyard.it almost sounds intriguing? well, it's not.but for unwashed film-school hipsters who don't care squat about the lost opportunities of having full access to the stones bringing sympathy for the devil into the world and would rather hear some english guy reading instead whilst gazing at the covers of nudie mag's, this film's a real winner!more accurately...maybe godard just blows.

in the 60's, having as the background the rehearsal and recording of "sympathy for the devil" in the classic album "beggar's banquet" by the revolutionary bad boy rolling stones  mick jagger, keith richards, charlie watts, bill wyman and brian jones  plus marianne faithful, godard discloses other contemporary revolutionary and ideological movements  the black power through the black panthers, the feminism, the communism, the fascism - entwined with the reading of a cheap pulp political novel divided in the chapters: "the stones rolling; "outside black novel"; "sight and sound"; "all about eve"; "the heart of occident"; "inside black syntax"; and, "under the stones the beach"."sympathy for the devil" is another pretentious and boring mess of the uneven director jean-luc godard. the narrative and the footages are awful, but fortunately i love the stones and "sympathy for the devil" and it is nice to see them in the beginning of their careers; otherwise this documentary would be unbearable. my vote is three.title (brazil): "sympathy for the devil"

