horrible acting, bad story line, cheesy makeup, and this is just the tip of the iceberg. i have never seen a worse movie in my life, 5 minutes in i decided to fast forward to see if anything redeeming would happen... it didn't. (aside from a nice breast shot) the movie apparently was filmed in some furniture warehouse, and the same warehouse was used for at least 90% of the sets. you even see this same red chair in several different "locations" if you are going to make a film at least rent an office building and an apartment, not some warehouse which will echo all your actor's dialog.. (note to producers) renting a small office space and an apartment for a month is much cheaper than an entire warehouse, and both are quite a bit more versatile and believable) if you spend your money to rent this people i hope you got it with a return guarantee... you will be demanding your money back... i only spent $2.99 to rent this tonight and i feel ripped off.

every year i watch hundreds of films, including many low budget amateurish straight-to-dvd abominations that nobody in their right mind would ever want to see. i have seen thousands of films in my time, many excellent, many forgettable. zombie nation i will remember forever as one of the most hopelessly laughable 'horror' films i have ever seen  in fact i still haven't recovered from the experience of watching it.the day after, it seems like some kind of weird dream. did i really see what i thought i saw? why do the police work out of a warehouse? did the voodoo priestesses really recommend that the 'zombies' eat cheeseburgers? is it safe? is it safe? is it safe? i wouldn't recommend zombie nation if you want to see a 'good' film, and neither would i recommend it as 'so bad its good'. however, if you are entertained by the prospect of watching probably the most indefensibly abysmal film ever  this is for you. now, whenever anyone asks me what the worst film i have ever seen is, i will say zombie nation.seriously  i think it's a greater crime to make a boring film than a bad one, and ulli lommel deserves credit for producing a film that actually stuns you with its ineptitude. he really is the ed wood jr. of the digital age, and i for one can't wait to see if he makes another film as consistently ridiculous as this one.

i've discovered that this film gets rented based off of the packaging. the zombie on the front of the dvd looks cool and scary. then you get to the movie and it's women with raccoon masks on. zero special effects...and even the fight scenes you can see them miss punches by 2 feet. the funny thing is that lommel acts in the movie briefly himself and is worse than the rest of the crap actors in the movie. the only thing i can think is that lommel is just trying to make such a bad film that people dub it a "cult classic"...however, i can't possibly imagine anyone thinking this is anything but one of the worst movies ever made. the real horror in this film is how bad it is. i'm embarrassed i rented it and vow never to see another lommel film again!

this is one of the worst films ever. i like cheesy movies but this is simply awful. where are the images in the film that are on the box? i think more money was spent on the dvd box illustrations than on the entire film. why would a company release a dvd that the cover is so misleading? i feel like such an idiot for renting this movie based strictly on the box. as much as i explore imdb i should have done a little research and made a list prior to visiting my local video rental store. i have no one to blame except myself. i want my money and time back. do not watch this movie. even if curiosity is motivating you, stick cocktail umbrellas in your eyes instead. it will be much more enjoyable. you have been warned!

probable reasons why so many people on this site have enjoyed this:1. they might not have read the book. 2. they might enjoy gore and violence in a film. 3. they might be very young and therefore not understand the violence. 4. people might not understand how somehow more scary and more violent it is compared to the original book. 5. there are sure to be many other reasons not covered here.the only thing i liked about this film is the song "'bright eyes".if perchance, you happen to be one of those people who has read the book, enjoys calm and peaceful films without violence and are quite old and understand scariness and violence, you are sure not to like this. otherwise you will almost definitely enjoy this.like in the book, a rabbit called fiver in an unsuspecting warren warns of terrible danger to come. only a few rabbits - including his brother hazel - believe him and they set out on a dangerous journey to find a new place to live...

ok, i know that a lot of people will probably resent this review as watership down is a "classic" and a standard part of most people's childhood, but seeing this film for the first time at the tender age of 18, i must admit: i really hated it.we watched this film because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it, and many people who whimpered at the very words "watership down"- their memories of seeing the film as children and having their emotions torn at the seams- recommended it. to be honest, i wish i hadn't bothered. i gave it the benefit of the doubt; generally i don't like to stop watching a film half way through. this was an exception. it was really, really, excruciatingly, sickeningly dull. this film was possibly the slowest thing i've ever watched (imagine a doped-up snail in space), and really didn't "do it" for me. the art was alright; the backgrounds were nicely made if not a little bland and twee, yet the rabbits themselves were not very endearing and the animation was quite jumpy and poorly produced.i'm not going to go into huge details about the storyline; basically it is the tale of a group of rabbits who leave their warren due to the infiltration of humans in the area. generally a moralistic story about the perils of human interactions on the environment, it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message across. for me, i kind of wished that they would get gassed, not because i'm a horrible sadistic person, but because the characters were uninspiring, annoying, dull and generally quite rude (oh i'm so terribly english). i found that i was constantly looking at the clock whilst watching the film, and it took a whole 20 minutes or so before anything actually happened, and even that was a terrible anticlimax.if i were to praise it in any way, i'd have to admit that the concept of showing children the perils of building on the countryside and hopefully unveiling the arrogance of humans etc etc is quite well-meaning. maybe it is all in general sanctimonious and preachy, but the message it's trying to put forth is good in its nature. the musical score was not bad, too.so, to conclude, this film is pretty poor. i couldn't watch it the whole way through, or i'd probably be forced to eat my own legs in sheer boredom. granted, it isn't "torque" bad, but it still doesn't rate highly in my eyes, so i've given it a 2/10.hope this helps.

i saw this movie as a very young girl (i'm 27 now) and it scared me witless for years. i had nightmares about every aspect of this film from the way it was drawn to the music to (obviously) the violence. my parents still argue about who allowed me to watch it and both of them say that they would never let me watch such a movie. i think they only say that knowing that i have such strong feelings about it ;0) i am currently reading the book (out of morbid curiosity and the fact that it's a classic) and it is really a great story. however i don't think that it should have been made into a cartoon. ever. well, maybe kids nowadays would find it quaint but it gave me nightmares for weeks and weeks and i still have a hard time seeing rabbits drawn in a similar way. gives me a little heart palpitation every time. yah i am a wuss but i strongly suggest that any parent looking to show this movie to their kids, read them the book instead or watch it first to make certain that they approve of the content. not everyone finds it as disturbing as i did but we are out there ;0)

firstly, i am not easily scared by... anything except for my few phobias, but this movie is absolutely horrific. this is not appropriate for children at all! i had my mouth open the whole time it just shocked me i. couldn't believe how gory it was for a children's movie, bunnies being brutally murdered! it's just unnecessary to be so horrifying and be rated g. i recommend being over 8 to see this. but don't get me wrong, it was probably a good movie if i wasn't scarred mentally as a child. i cannot believe a parent would allow a, let's say, 4 year old child to watch this. it's just to intense and complicated, not to forget gory, for young kids. i'm wayy over 4 and i was shocked by the violence. i don't recommend

so... it's really sexist, and classist, and i thought that it might not be in the beginning stages of the movie, like when stella tells steven that she would really like to change herself and begin speaking in the right way and he tells her not to change. well, he certainly changed his tune, and it seems that the other reviewers followed suit. what at the beginning appears to be a love story is really about social placement and women as sacrificial mothers. the end of the movie does not make her a hero, it makes the whole thing sad. and its sad that people think it makes her a hero. perhaps that is the comment of the movie that people should take away. positive reception reflects continual patriarchal currents in the social conscience. yuck.

i should love this movie . the acting is very good and barbara stanwyck is great but the the movie has always seemed very trite to me . the movie makes working class people look low and cheap .the fact that the daughter is ashamed of her mother and that the daughter does not rise above it has always made me a bit uneasy . barbara stanwyck as the mother worships the daughter but the daughter forgoes a mothers love to find happiness with her well to do fathers family . i wonder how many others who have seen this film feel this way about it.again the acting was very very good and worth watching . i really don't like the story line . just a personal preference .thank you

this movie is great, mind you - but only in the way it tells a very bad story. stella is so terribly crude, and never learns better. her husband is incredibly snobby and small-minded. neither ever learns better. is this realistic? somehow, stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners & dress, yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down? i don't think so. stella is a good woman, and a very good mother. giving up herself, so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is disgusting. much of what we see might have been normal for the times - people having a beer or two, enjoying a player piano, dancing - but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority. "i can't have our child living this way!" spare me. this story tells me one thing: that the unwashed working class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the upper classes. and that is simply a load of hogwash.

yeah, well, i definitely had regrets about giving up my saturday night watching this strange little, yet very long, movie. apparently neither did the main character for stealing two hours of my life. here's the epitome of the antihero in 'no regrets.' we have this jerk, so messed up, so wandering, so selfish, aimless and unlikable that it was extremely hard to get past the attraction a highly favored businessman's up-and-coming son, jaemin, unless it was just that: physical attraction. he claims otherwise, that it's love. but after watching this, it's like loving charles manson because you dig the beard. (alright, he's not that bad, but still no real redeemable characteristics.) i could never get past the reason jaemin endless stalks sumin. it was never shown, just told, that jaemin loves sumin. perhaps it's a culture thing that flew over my head: crazy/stalking = mad love over in seoul. it has to be, because a little more than half the movie is one stalking the other and the last part is stalking back and forth to the point i thought this was turning into a screwball comedy. i was waiting for a tiger named "baby" to make an appearance. okay, so sumin works two jobs while going to school, so far so good on someone trying to better themselves. but after his first taste of his stalker's attraction, he gives up his day job for some kind of prostitution ring. what? ok, well, as previously mentioned, the obsession doesn't stop due to the job/career change and if you throw in a bunch of other very angry characters you get one messed up movie where unbelievable occurrences just seem to happen without buildup. basic movie, not 100% terrible, but you can do better with foreign gay-themed movies.

no one is a greater fan of geroge macdonald fraser's flashman papers than i am.i was surprised to see just now that richard lester directed royal flash, since i also see he had made the three/four musketeers with fraser which i though turned out rather well.not so royal flash.i was 12 years old when the film was released and could not have been more enthusiastic since i had read all the flashman papers published up to that time, and was intoxicated with a clockwork orange and malcolm macdowel (i still am, but he was never really given a chance after that).what a disappointment (i saw it once again when i was about 20 on television and it seemed even worse).none of the sharp dialogue in the books is transfered to the screen. the comedy of flashman's character seemed to me to have been mishandled in about the same way one could imagine a group of high school students trying to parody it would do. the dueling and fencing was awful and undramatic.looking back with more mature eyes, the film failed completer to exploit the possibilities of direct satire of earlier film versions of the prisoner of zenda.if you have read the book and not seen the film, i can only say that the film ends with flashman and rudi von starnberg becoming fast friends and playing a game rudi has just invented: russian roulette.a pathetic betrayal of everything the books are about.my comments would be more direct if i had seen the film more recently, but i am glad i have not.if by any chance fraser ever reads this, i can only say i think he is a genius--perhaps the greatest comic novelist of his generation, but, based on my appreciation of that corpus of work, it as hard to believe that he wrote the screenplay of this film, as that he did all those awful roger moore james bond films.

as an avid fan of the flashman books by george mcdonald fraser, i looked forward immensely to seeing flashy on the big screen when this film was first released. sadly it was a huge disappointment then - so i left it alone for 20 years before going back to watch it again, but it was no better the second time. mr fraser is a tremendously skillful writer, but i am not a fan of his film screenplay work with richard lester. the penchant for slapstick spoilt 'the three musketeers' for me and the same applies here. to me, the whole tone and feel of the film is wrong. the flashman books are uproariously funny in parts, but they are adventure novels. there is much seriousness in the way the adventures that flashman has - after all, he is involved in dangerous situations. this is conveyed in the novels, but not conveyed at all on film due to the its comedic style. it is a tremendous shame as it could have a great film had it been a more faithful adaptation of the style of the book. when i first read that the book was to be filmed, the article said that the film was to star oliver reed. i rejoiced, as reed to me was the epitome of flashman. how i would have loved to see him in the role. malcolm mcdowell is a good actor, but does not fit the visual image of flashman created by the books (too scrawny looking! flashman is supposed to be a big strapping fellow). neverheless reed was excellent as bismarck. what kills the film is that it is made as a comedy. the only scene in which it creates the true atmosphere of the book is the scene in which flashman kills de gautet (tom bell). a great shame, as the production values, costumes, sets etc are superb and the casting is generally excellent - just about everybody in the film is well cast apart from malcolm mcdowell. possibly the directorship of richard lester was responsible for the way the film is, as a recent radio adaptation of 'flash for freedom', adapted by mr fraser, worked quite well. perhaps one day we may see flashman done justice on screen.

raymond burr stars as an attorney caught up in the murder of his best friend (dick foran) thanks to his affection for his friend's wife (angela lansbury). this was a full year before he started doing perry mason, so the movie might be of particular interest to his fans if it was the inspiration for his casting.there isn't all that much else here that's interesting though. lansbury is always good, but her character here is very one dimensional and the motives for her crime in the mystery are totally obvious. there's an interesting performance by lamont johnson as a painter who's also in love with the "femme fatale", but the burr character is pretty straightforward. it's frankly bizarre to see an actor like burr doing these romantic scenes with lansbury, and his halting delivery does not match his character here very well as it does in most films i've seen him in. there's no mystery at all really, and the whole suspense is supposed to be around the title of the film and the way that burr's character is setting up the lansbury character to implicate herself (double jeopardy prevents her being tried again for the original murder, presumably). he does so with a very large tape recorder which she doesn't notice when she comes into the room i guess.a few perhaps unintentionally fun moments and basically the rest of the thing could have been done for tv.

the premise of this movie was decent enough, but with sub par acting, it was just bland and dull.spoilers the film does not work because of the nature of the death, it was accidental, so although it was a murder it wasn't like the guy set out to do it. also through some flashbacks there is a secret that is revealed that sort of makes the events like justice to a degree. there is no emotion in this film. the first 20 minutes or so is just this woman calling her sister, and hearing her message. it was dull and boring.with some polishing, and better acting it could have been pretty good.

ok ...i watch a lot of bad movies. i pride myself on that fact. many times there are some gems in the b rated bombs. but this movie is one of the worst i have watched. i like a good horror movie...but one with a plot of and sense of movement. the opening scenes seemed pretty good. decent music and imagery. then it goes down hill from there. one of the main characters has a disability (ringing in the ears called tinnitus). now this will in turn threaten to reveal his secret. they made that too much of a focus of the movie. so what he has ringing in his ears and accidentally left an ear plug somewhere where that he shouldn't have been. no need to keep bringing it up. so this guy is having an affair with this girl and in a motel she falls and hits her head on the end table. so instead of letting everyone know of his affair he decides to dump the body. now her twin sister is trying to find out where she is and what happened to her. well after seeing her sister over and over again (as a zombie like ghost) and even pointing directly to the location of the body she finally finds her. now the body is recovered and she is set out to deal with the one and only suspect that killed her. bad thing is that she didn't have much of a plan. only to pretend to be her twin and met the guy where the body was dumped. the idiot didn't even believe he killed her. so all is revealed there and even though she had a gun....somehow she manages to get herself strangled. so the last scenes of the movie are of the "spirits" of her and her twin walking out of the water. so you mean to tell me in this movie the bad guy wins. and not one but two innocent people die.good things about the movie: imagery bad things about the movie: music sound effects long and drawn out misdirection of plot low grade acting from some not all actors

i also saw this movie at a local screening about a year ago. first, i'm going to say that it looks great. cassella is incredibly talented and a fantastic cinematographer. i just wish the movie had been as good as it looks. i would not call this a horror movie. putting in a few shots of a decaying ghost does not make it a horror movie. there's no mystery, there's no suspense, you know who did it the entire time. it's a drama. you know what's going on with both sides the entire movie. the acting was okay, i guess, but nothing special.and the tagline, "revenge can be deadly"....really?...they should have check how many hundreds of horror/thriller movies have that exact same tagline?it pains me to say some of this, but i know a lot of the people who worked on this movie, and i know they don't want people blowing smoke up their ass, so i give my honest opinion.

okay at first this movie seemed pretty good even though it was moving rather quick and even though they only had a $60,000 budget it was good but if you found your sister dead in a lake and found out who might have killed her why would you go chase him around and pull a gun on him with only one bullet and waste it and end up running from him all retarded and get yourself killed? plus after you found your sister dead in the lake and found a clue and figured out who the killer was why wouldn't you hand that clue over to the police who think you killed her? and at the end of the movie when she acts like her sister who was a waitress and she is talking to the bad guy she should of met him somewhere and recorded him saying she was dead and what happened for her "proof". i don't know i was not happy with the ending. this movie could of been so much better if it lasted longer and the acting was better and if the ending did not suck so bad! do not waste your money on this movie because if you do you will be writing a review on here too and will not be happy.

actually, this is a lie, shrek 3-d was actually the first 3d animated movie. i bought it on dvd about 3 years ago. didn't bug's life also do that? i think it was at disneyworld in that tree, so i'm saying before they go and use that as there logo. also, shrek 3d was a motion simulator at universal studios. they should still consider it as a movie, because it appeared in a "theater" and you could buy it for dvd. the movie was cute, at least the little flyes were. i liked iq. i agree with animaster, they did a god job out of making a movie out of something that is just a out-and-back adventure. i recommend it to families and kids.

as long as there's been 3d technology, (1950's i think) there's been animation made for it. i remember specifically, a donald duck cartoon with chip and dale in it. i don't remember the name at the moment, but the plot was that donald worked at a circus, was feeding an elephant peanuts and chip and dale were stealing the peanuts. this was made to watch in 3d probably 1960's. if you happened to watch meet the robinsons in 3d in theaters, they showed this cartoon before the movie and explained the details of it's origin. there are probably somewhere around 100 cartoons made specifically to be viewed through 3d glasses. this claim was a bad move because it's not difficult to prove them wrong. on top of that, this just looks like a bad movie.

with the massive advertising this is getting on nickelodeon and nick jr. and that ilk, my son was bugging us to see it. between dvd and the theaters, i've seen pretty much everything by now from the outstanding (incredibles, shrek) to the really bad (wall-e, brother bear). but this was easily the worst movie i've ever seen, kids or no kids. it was a "when it this stupid thing going to end?" kind of experience? ok, it's aimed at toddlers (or it better be - it's insulting to the intelligence of anyone over 3), but i've never seen something so predictable, repetitive, and slow-moving. then once you're finally fed up but relieved that the movie is over, there is this bizarre thing at the end that you think is the setup for a joke, but there isn't one - it's serious, though it's hard to tell what they're trying to accomplish. the 3-d effects... yeah, if you've never seen a viewmaster they're a big deal, otherwise no (if you look at the screen without glasses, it appears to be the same process). even my son was bored by the end. both my wife and i looked at each other and said "wow" at the end. bad in every respect.

this is what you would get if you allowed a 10 year old (manic american) to write a story of a moon trip. absolute garbage with no redeeming qualities maybe it held some fascination in the 3d dept. but as a narrative and entertaining animation it held nothing to make wasting an hour and a half worth while. save your time and money and watch bolt insteaddamn. not enough lines, yet i feel that sums it up... well, i agree with an above review - this is like a cold-war propaganda story. maybe it would have been more interesting if they had made it about the flies uncovering the hoax of the moon landing, or if the flies had died in the first minute. btw - why were all the main character flies deformed? - not one had the full compliment of limbs!

today, i visited an athenean cinema with my two kids (6 & 8 years old), payed 3 x 12 euros (about 45 us $ total) not to mention gas, popcorn & soda, was asked to return my 3d special glasses after leaving the theater and was "forced" to watch what could have been a great 3d movie masterpiece but only proved to be a sick "cold war like" propaganda movie, like none i have seen during the last 20 years... and this is supposed to be a movie for children... in heaven's name! ps 1: the average working greek makes no more than 850 euros a month (approxiamtely 1050 us $) ps 2 my kids liked it... but then again they are no more than babies >in greek: mora, morons > like the one who wrote the script & the others who made this "3d disgrace" happen.ps 3 3d animation is fantastic but who gives a ....!

i, also having endured hundreds of children's movies in the past, consider this to be one of the worst i have ever seen.1) i resent in this day and age having to explain to my children that russia is not "the bad guys". also, that mocking russian names like "poopchev" is inappropriate.2) the grandfather fly's birthday party scene contained a quasi-sexist joke in which he implied that males drink beer and women talk on the phone. two other flies also needlessly use the word "crap" twice.3) the whole movie largely smacks of 1950's stereotypes and propaganda that i thought we, as a nation, were proud to have risen above.in all it's just crude, badly animated, even more badly written and not worth wasting the time to view.

"nat" (voiced by trevor gagnon), along with his brainiac friend "iq" (voiced by philip bolden) and the always hungry "scooter" (david gore) are kids with big dreams. they want to be the first flies in space. and what encourages their dreams is the first spacecraft to land on the moon, the apollo 11, is waiting for its historic trip on the launch pad near where the three hang out.the first thing you notice is the animation of the film. i found it done very well done. the scenery had depth to it, as things in the distance actually looked like they were behind the focus of the scenes. i didn't see the movie in 3-d, as it was broadcast on hbo. however, i could see that there really wasn't any scenes which took advantage of the 3-d effects except a fight between characters near the end. i also wasn't really impressed with the design of the characters. to me, they didn't look like anything resembling a fly, especially in the coloring. the flies were an unusual blue-gray that was kind of distracting to me.the performances from the cast was not bad, but it wasn't good either. there were many times i focused more on my computer than the story. the writing was certainly written for a younger audience, with comedic moments that will make younger kids laugh. i saw nothing for adults, like jokes that they'll get the punchline for the adults to understand the meaning.history was not followed in this film. in fact, i think it was completely ignored, as the main focus was the flies. i also hated when a well known astronaut popped up on the screen and explained that the stories about the flies in the film was a work of fiction, and no flies were on apollo 11. i did like how he thanked the men and women who sacrificed their lives for space exploration though.if you are an adult, this is not for you. it was not made for the entire family. this is certainly just for kids. but, save this one for a rainy day.

this is not a good movie. too preachy in parts and the story line was sub par. the 3d was ok, but not superb. i almost fell asleep in this movie.the story is about 3 young flies that want to have adventure and follow up on it. the characters are lacking, i truly do not care about these characters and feel that there was nothing to keep an adult interested. pixar this is not.i would have liked to see more special 3d effects. also i wold like to see more fly jokes than the mom constantly saying "lord of the flies" pretty sexist in showing the women as house wives and fainting.

1st the good news. the 3-d is spectacularly well done, and they don't go for the gotcha gimmicks. the film is based on the true story of the high point in human history, and even features one of the actual participants in that story: buzz aldrin.and now the meat of the matter: it's about flies, for krissakes! flies with big, googy human eyes, true, but flies nonetheless. remember when i likened the "underworld" movies to rats vs. cockroaches? that wasn't intended as praise, and i never dreamed anyone would take it literally. this one's got even less empathy going for it. baby maggots? ugh. in one of those odd confluences of hollywood groupthink, this flik was evidently on the drawing boards at the same time as "space chimps", also about critters in space.go rent "apollo 13" and see a 9-rated movie about the real space program (rip).

when i saw this trailer on tv i was surprised. in may of 2008 i was at six flags in new jersey and this was showing at a 4-d attraction (you know, the attraction that the seats move). i take it that the version i saw was a shortened version (15 min.) and also re-created to add the motion effects. it was a cute movie... but that was it. it was educational and told about the first mission but the ending of a cgi spacewalk seemed a bit...well...trite. i was not a big fan of the movie but i would recommend this movie for any parent wanting to inform their children in a fun way about the first moonwalk. i will say, the character actors were well selected and the characters themselves were cute. so all-in-all, i would say, if you want to bring the younger kids... go for it. but if you are wanting to take your older kids, take them to another movie... they will thank you.

while the 3-d animation (the highlight of the show) did it's job well, most other elements fell flat. it was as though the filmmakers thought "well, it's gonna be 3-d so we don't have to work that hard on the plot or character development." and the fact that it's a children's movie is absolutely no excuse. the public is drawn to three dimensional characters (shrek, nemo's dad) just as much as they are drawn to three dimensional graphics. the only dimension any of the main characters showed was two dimensional scooter who twists the plot from time to time with his compulsion to eat everything in sight.and the absolute kicker? buzz aldrin's appearance at the very end (after watching a very robotic cartoon version of the same historical figure for an hour and half) comes on the screen and ruins everyone's good time by calling the film's main characters "contaminants" and announcing that the situation put forth on screen was actually an impossibility.???!!!??? did you just wanna tell the kids the easter bunny and santa claus don't exist while you're at it?

okay, so, someone, somewhere, a few years ago, thought it would be a good idea to make a 3d imax movie about some flies stowing away aboard the apollo 11 and going to the moon. so they did. someone, somewhere, was an idiot.i want to give the artists props for doing their homework on the hardware. as far as i can tell, the rockets and the launch hardware were bang on. the graphics in general were pretty good - the rocket launch gave me chills, like a good rocket launch always does (my popular mechanics flying-car gearhead blood still runs strong) and the 3d was pretty effective. the cg wasn't pixar-quality, but it was generally good. the flies were kinda mediocre anthropomorphics, with some half-assed late-60s characters thrown in for colour (hippie flies, african-american flies with giant afros and black shades, etc.) and the maggots looked more like grubs with human baby heads (although they made suitably gross squelching noises).the scriptwriters certainly did not do their homework, relying on offensive and outdated clichés (60s gender politics including mostly-useless female characters, racial stereotypes, evil russians, a fat fly who only wants to eat, grade-two level gross-out humour). in a movie aimed for imax, they blew a wonderful opportunity to sneak in some educational content about physics and space travel - they didn't get their physics right (zero-g in the lunar module during landing burn? please.) they couldn't even be bothered to read the original radio transcripts between houston and the astronauts, all of which is in the public domain; instead they wrote their own dialogue, which sounds like crap.but we liked the maggots.so they get a point and a half for rockets and maggots. uh, yay. 1.5/5.

it is pretty surreal what these flies can do... eh well... this is a cartoon, so anything can happen in it.at first i must tell you that i love animated movies. unfortunately this year's repertoire is very weak. this cartoon is nothing but a list of flaws:1) i quoted the tag line. it suggests that this movie has great 3d effects. well, i did not see any, at least not something special i never saw before.2) the "flies" in this movie look nothing like real flies. at least they could've make them black. but cyan flies, seriously? with giant heads and slim torsos?3) the story. i guess it was written for 6 year old kids. i could tell it in two sentences it is so over simplified.4) excessive patriotism. for example: "they are american files after all!" oh, give me a break.

"fly me to the moon" has to be the worst animated film i've seen in a long time. that's saying something since i have taken my son to see every animated release for the last 4 years now. the story is to be generous...trite. the voice acting is atrocious, too cute sounding. the humor is of the romper room variety. the animation is passable for a nickolodeon type of cartoon but this is being released on the big screen not cable television.it gets a 2 only because of it's ok 3-d visuals. some of the scenes had a mildly stimulating image but we've seen much better in the past. i also question the insistence of the filmmakers to have characters fly away from the screen rather than into it in most of the scenes. while that is interesting at first it became tiresome after the 3rd or 4th time. it seemed to smack of indifference to me on the part of the creators.i will say this though, it had a pretty cool soundtrack. and for the record my son wasn't too crazy about it either. bad movie.

this movie was advertised on radio, television, magazines, etc. almost every hour or every issue. so when we went to the kinnepolis multiplex our expectations were very high. but oh boy, how sad this movie is! it is a movie in hollywood style about a movie in a movie. shades shows so clear we aren't ready to produce 'big hollywood movies'. i am not a movie critic, but i think a good movie starts with a good script. and the script is a nightmare. like my subject line says, it is nothing, and then looped. you could just stare to the television as well, without really seeing anything. that was the feeling we've got when we saw shades. shades is a bad production!!!

the first ten minutes of this movie about making an international movie in belgium, are fine: you see real chaos on the set, a producer on the edge of a nervous breakdown, the cool has been-director (mickey rourke), the bad tempered star, etc. you have seen everything before, but it's well done. but then! the rest of the time the film just repeats itself: the same ten minutes over and over again. no climax, no dramatic development, no good acting, not even bad acting, it just goes on and on and on. mickey rourke has two good minutes when his character talks about his f**ked up career in a scene where reality and fiction meet. altogether, that makes 12 good minutes.

this is a very sad movie. really. nothing happens in this movie. the script is bad!!! i guess they've just copy-paste the first 15 pages to 90 pages. the producers must have thought let's create a hollywood movie here in belgium. they didn't succeed. now in the third week it is only running in antwerp and brussels at 22h45 or something. in the past we have had really good movies in belgium, like daens. shades is a waste of your time. maybe you could sneak in the theater after you've seen a real movie. if you've seen 10 minutes of shades, you've seen it all. it was advertised to death on local radio and tv. i hope it will disappear in the shades soon.

the first (and only) time i saw "shades" was during a sneakpreview. it hadn't even been in premiere. i remember there was someone of the directors staff there, don't even remember who. it was a belgian movie, we never heard of it, so we were quite neutral, not knowing what to expect. mickey rourke is a brilliant actor and he's stands miles ahead all the rest. he plays an actor who's star has long stopped rising. he's helping to realise a movie in belgium entitled "shades".as soon as the movie started, we noticed how much swearing there is. nothing against the occasional swear word. however this was way beyond annoying. whenever rourke uses the f*** word to express something, it comes naturally. however, when someone from the cast, a non-english speaker uses the f**** or s*** word, it becomes arrogant and aggressive.we quickly lost count of how many times they used the f and s words. everybody was just glad to be out of the theatre. and we had to give a vote, but it was hard for us because it was only from 0 to 10, and we were looking for the -10.

greg davis and bryan daly take some crazed statements by a terrorists, add some commentary by a bunch of uber-right reactionaries, ascribe the most extreme positions of the most fundamentalist moslems on the planet to everyone who calls themselves a moslem, and presents this as the theology of islam. maybe their next film will involve interviewing fred phelps and the congregation of the westboro baptist church, adding commentary by some militant atheist "scholars, and call their film "what the world needs to know about christianity." ultimately, this film suffers from both poor production values and lack of attention to the most basic standards of journalism. don't waste your time and money; just turn on your am radio and listen to rush limbaugh for a couple of days for free and you'll get the same message with the same level of intellectual analysis.

this film was more effective in persuading me of a zionist conspiracy than a muslim one. and i'm jewish.anbody go to journalism school? read an editorial? freshman year rhetoric? these alarmist assertions, presented in a palatable way, might prove persuasive. but by offering no acknowledgment of possible opposing arguments, nor viable (or any at all) solutions, few sources and each of dubious origin, makes the argument an ineffectual diatribe.and thank goodness for that -- i wouldn't want anyone to leave the theatre believing any of this racist claptrap.a good lesson for me -- and hopefully a cautionary tale for you -- to actually read about a film before seeing it.

that's pretty ridiculous, i hope many people are exposed to muslims who live all over the u.s, u.k, and all over the world. the religion has over a billion followers. i myself born and bread in america and through my religious classes and teachings i have been taught to cherish my country and work to contribute to the society. i am very dedicated to the followings and teachings of my religion have been stressed through out life to educate and prepare oneself for success through education in order to contribute back to the world. i have know many muslims from all over and i have traveled to countries like pakistan..i have yet to meet one person who believes that we should hurt anyone or not accept any other religion except from the people in the media...i wonder why... also its sad that these extremists are the ones the media use to represent a whole religion. its a religion of one billion people, and these are less than one percent, i am sure the other people of other religions would not like to be represented by the kkk, ira and many more which are simple small percentage extremists who use outdated and not literal passages from the respected books in order to pursue their own revenge, personal, or business matters through their so called religion

this video contains an outsmart way to confuse and manipulate americans about islam. it's a pity that the people who did it really believe that american people is so dumb to believe in it, perhaps, as an american citizen, every person must protest against this kind of crap. if you want to know the truth about islam, don't let nobody tell you... the quran is public! you can read it by yourself and decide if what they say it's true or false...the video uses a lot of audiovisual strategies directed to manipulate and associate things that are not even related. the music used at some points prepare the public to hate what they see, even if they don't really understand what's going on in there. they use images that are misplaced from their original content.to end the comment i would like to make a reflexion... don't you think you can do the same exact movie with every religion in the world?

the "documentary", and we use that term loosely apparently, summarizes that muslims are trying to violently take over the world. then states that any muslim that doesn't admit this is either ignorant of their own faith or lying to your face! also every person that is interviewed in the film has found a market for their ludicrous take on reality by selling claptrap to conservatives willing to let others do the thinking for them. what the west needs to know is this is nothing more than propaganda aimed at mental midgets. if you are looking for an actual documentary on islam and the current state of the middle-east i would look elsewhere. try something that provides multiple points of view from qualified sources.

i have been using imdb for years and i never wanted to get involved in the commentary of moviesuntil now. this documentary has so many problems that i hardly know what to say. i am not a muslim, nor am i an islamic studies expert, but i know enough to shed some light on the obvious one-sided viewpoint that this documentary espouses. the problems with this movie begin with the fact that it is a documentary. most of the documentaries that i have seen anchor themselves around a few valid points and then surround those points with debatable interpretations and misinformation. this is certainly the case with islam: what the west needs to know. yes, there are fundamentalists around the world, and some of them are muslim, but to build a documentary about all of islam around a small percentage of radicalized people is incredibly misleading. this is really a documentary about the fundamentalist aspects of islam and nothing more.for those who would like to more objectively explore some of the issues raised in this documentary, here are several points that may help. there was nothing positive about islam presented in the documentary.the documentary focuses on the middle east, but more muslims live outside of that region. more muslims live in china, believe it or not, than in saudi arabia. about 40% of all muslims live in pakistan, bangladesh, india and indonesia.the translation of the qur'an used in the documentary is a questionable one. i watched the documentary while viewing another translation and the differences were striking. i had been warned about the translation that was used in the documentary and now i know why. surrah 98:6 is a good example. the documentary suggests that the surrah says that disbelievers will go to hell. but the translation i have reads instead: "those who reject truth among the people of the book and among the polytheists will be in hellfire." the difference is that those who reject truth are those people who know about god and the truth of god and decide to reject it anyways. the movie mentioned that there is no morality inherent in islam, but this is not true. although it is true that much comes from the qur'an and hadith, islam also recognizes a concept called 'urf or "normative behavior." obviously what is normative can be interpreted many ways, but 'urf is meant to be "good" behavior, what an average person would consider right or wrong.the documentary presents shar'ia (islamic law) as being one unified body of knowledge that all muslims follow. this is simply not true. there are many islamic schools of law and they range from progressive and modernist to fundamentalist in the way they interpret law. the hadith tradition is similar. there are thousands of hadith and each school of law accepts some and rejects others. using the hadith without serious scholarship to determine which ones are accurate, real and applicable, is indiscriminately picking and choosing quotations from history that fit what you want to say which is what the documentary did.what i hope people realize is that fundamentalism is the problem, not islam or any other religion. christianity has fundamentalists that shoot abortion clinic doctors and so on. i know this is not the same as suicide bombing, just understand that the righteousness of fundamentalism is arguably the problem. if you feel you have the answer, then everyone else must be wrong. but if you feel you have an answer you can work together with other people's views about politics, religion, god, or whatever.

it is not obvious from viewing this film (so i recommend viewers research the people who present their case in it) but this presentation on the realities of islam, and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non-muslims is lacking objectiveness, and also completely fails to factor in the human condition. it is one thing to document that the koran says many things about how a devout muslim is required to interact with non-muslims, but any realist is able to realize that not every human who feels himself or herself to be a follower of islam, will agree with and comply with all tenets of that faith and system. there is reason to call much about the presenters into question, such that viewers need to see the presentation with a healthy skepticism; don't swallow it all, hook, line, and sinker, without some thinking of your own.one specific, for instance, is researching the person walid shoebat; who claims to be a former muslim who perpetrated an act of terrorism in bethlehem. there are many wise people in the world who believe neither of these assertions. i am not nor have i ever been a muslim. i have never read the koran. i am not a christian, nor a member of _any_ faith. but i am an intelligent and discerning human. while the film is quite disturbing, in its presentation of how some muslims view their obligation to islam; i remind you that there is more to islam than the views of the fundamentalists. just as their are fundamentalists and evangelical christians, so, too, there are variations in the intensity of belief and obligation among jews and muslims.when you watch this film, you need to have the salt shaker on hand. one grain will not be enough, you'll need more. please use your own mind and think for yourself, research what is presented, and evaluate the state of the world and how islam fits within it based on more than what is said in 98 minutes of video. there is a common thread of political affiliation among those who put this film together, indicating a definite bias. be your own brain.

i couldn't relate to this film. it failed to engage me either intellectually, emotionally or aesthetically. the dialogue was very dense and uninvolving. i couldn't connect with and hence care about any of the characters and i'm finding it hard to find much that's positive to say about it.i've read that to understand it properly one needs to be familiar with some of the more obscure aspects of catholic theology. i'll admit that, as an atheist, i probably am unfamiliar with many of the finer details of catholicism, but i have also seen many films dealing with religious issues that have touched me because their themes are still universal to the human condition and don't rely on specialised knowledge or beliefs.

you talking' to me? (1987) is a pretty bad movie starring some dude who i have never seen before or since starring as a guy from the neighborhood who tries to become an actor. he has a heavy jones for taxi driver as tries to use that shtick to make it big. when he learns the hard facts of life, he does what everyone else does, changes his image! he goes from good fella to a surf's up dude over night. his friend can't believe the change (but he scores with faith ford and get's a cool paying gig). can this young punk keep his street cred whilst making it big?this is a real lame movie that tries too hard to incorporate too many things at once. an interesting idea that falls apart due to poor execution. who knows, maybe somebody will pick up the ball and run because the film makers fumbled the ball this time.don't waste your time with this movie. unless you want to see a hot faith ford and a young bubba from forest gump.xx

despite the gravity of the subject and probably the good intentions of the filmmakers to make a film addressing white supremacy, the inconsistencies of its main character, bronson green, aspiring new york actor easily turned l.a. phony, makes it hard to take the story seriously. green, who is constantly rejected by los angeles casting agents for being obsolete (i.e. too new york when the 80s is looking for big, blonde, and dumb), he finds success comes easily when he's willing to succumb to falsifying his image. unfortunately, the new hair dye and pacified "surfer" attitude lands him an acting opportunity with the jericho church, which subscribes white supremacist teaching of the aryan nation. green is willing to easily forget his past, and particularly turning his back on his young black friend of ten years, in order to be the church's new spokesman. this makes no sense, seeing as how principled our character initially is. it is this sudden, and loose change in character, coupled with an abrupt reversion back to the hardened, deniro-obsessed (as his taxi driver character) form who is able to battle the villains. a noble attempt on the filmmakers, but one that ultimately reveals itself as anything but serious.the other characters, too, are quite annoying and what we are forced to recognize in them comes too easily -- the psychotic paranoia of the church leader, the self-interested actress girlfriend (the first girlfriend bronson has when he's in l.a.), and the new blonde girlfriend who's character lacks so much development, she is, for the most part, just a walking, talking void. we are just supposed to see them in fleeting moments in which something random forces us to draw assumptions about the characters. but there is really little development of any of them.the other problem with this film is the ungodly amount of time the characters are involved in very little important action. much of the beginning concerns introducing the characters, obviously, and later we see bronson's difficulties with breaking into the l.a. acting scene and the frustrations which stem from constant rejection. but after he does willingly change his looks and personality in order to become accepted, there is at least a good twenty minutes to thirty minutes of wasted film in which very little of anything happens.for films that seek to draw attention to the irrational fears behind racism, this was not one done with enough credibility.

ok. for starters, taxi driver is amazing. this, this is not taxi driver or amazing. what it is is bad. but i thought it was bad funny, which means that it did have some redeeming qualities. like the dialogue...wow. there was more or less no plot, the characters were all stupid, and the movie was preachy. there were some places were i thought the movie would dive into taxi driver type violence, which would have hit the message at the end of the movie on the head much harder. i can't even believe that there are like 20 other people who have seen this movie. yeah, it's worth watching if you are real bored and you want to reaffirm the fact that anyone can make a movie, or at least can try to.

the dudes at mst3k should see this dog of a film. it's basically about a dopey hack actor in hollywood who can't land any acting gigs. and he has this strange obsession with the movie taxi driver. so what does this dumb actor do? he dyes his hair blonde and starts acting like a l.a. surfer dude in the naive hope this will get him acting roles. you'll laugh yer head off at so many of this movie's inadvertently funny scenes. like when the actor dude's girlfriend is heart broken and sobbing and saying lines like, "how could you do this to me?" and why is she crying? cos he dyed his hair blonde and became a surfer dude to get acting gigs. this movie makes no sense at all! the actor who played the governor on benson is in this too and he plays a stereotypical right wing politician with lotsa dumb funny dialog. this movie will crack you up, trust me. you talking' to me?!

the movie starts out as an ordinary comic-hero-movie. it´s about the boy who is picked on, has no parents and is madly in love with the schools #1 girl. nothing surprises in the movie, there is nothing that you can´t guess coming in the movie. toby mcguire shows us that either he is no good actor or that no actor in the world can save a script like this one. maybe kids around the age of ten can enjoy the film but it is a bit violent for the youngest. you can´t get away from thinking of movies like x-men, batman and spawn. all of those titles are better. i almost walked out the last 20 minutes! one thing that could have been good though was the computeranimation, but not even that is anything to put in the christmas-tree! so my recomendation: don´t see this film even if you get paid for it!

whoever wrote the "nice" post about this must have been a friend of these guys. this is bad even for backyard wrestling. in fact this isn't even backyard wrestling really, it's a few guys hitting each other on a trampoline. each guys is about 45 lbs wet and there is not one ounce of entertainment value in this. it is just a few bored kids that even give yard tards a bad name, if that is possible. if you want to see some entertaining backyard wrestling, pick up backyard wrestling a pleasure for pain. it stars the 2 biggest names in byw, mdogg20 and josh prohibition. these guys are good. they have actually went since yarding it and gotten professionally trained as "real" pro wrestlers. they went legit and have gotten better. i recommend checking out those 2 guys. mdogg is insane and off the hook. so don't waste your time or your cash on this crappy dvd, there are "better" back yard videos out there.

yeah, unfortunately i came across the dvd of this and found that it was incredibly awful.first of all, the characters suck. i mean, come on, if some dork in an orange hat who calls himself 'orange sherbert' is the best creative idea these guys could come up for a character, then they should definitely not be in the film-making scene. poor "costumes", bad "interviews", and basically there is not one "wrestler" on this whole disc with any shred of charisma.the "wrestling" in splatter rampage wrestling is nothing more than these idiots gently and playfully bouncing together on a trampoline. they make sure to giggle together all the while, too, making the experience seem more like a toddler's playtime than a "wrestling deathmatch".basically, splatter rampage wrestling is a pretty lackluster backyard wrestling clone. only, instead of blood, weapons, mayhem, and wrestling, we get a trampoline, giggling kids, terrible audio, and some guy called orange sherbert.wrestling fan or not, avoid this dvd. it's awful.

perhaps the biggest waste of production time, money and the space on the video store shelf. if someone suggests you see this movie, run screaming in the other direction. unless, of course, you're into self-abuse.

i have to admit, i don't remember much about the characters or the story, though i'm not sure there was one, i was soooo irritated by this movie that i had a bit of a hard time focusing on it. how can you name a movie "keys to tulsa" and then film it in texas? the flat desert country around arlington ( i think that was the location) in no way resembles the green rolling hills around tulsa, and a celebrity in tulsa would have a much nicer neighborhood to live in. obviously no one in the movie has ever been to tulsa or else they would have realized how nothing in the movie even resembled it. hadn't anyone at least seen rumblefish or the outsiders? i know this sounds picky but i can't help it. i watched this because i love james spader and i usually find eric stotz interesting. but even these two intriguing actors could not liven up this meandering,and mean story of self-involved people who are not in tulsa!! i'm sorry, it can't be more expensive to film in oklahoma. what if "to live and die in la" had been shot in toronto? would that suck? well so does this.

if you want to see a mystery, don't watch this. though there are elements straight out of elmore leonard territory, this comes closer to an episode of "dynasty", since the filmmaker focuses on "character development" - i.e. long, boring talks between stupid, un-involving characters. some people can make fascinating movies without real action (see "exotica"), but not this one. avoid it, especially if you like the actors involved in this one.

this is a genuinely horrible film. the plot (such as it is) is totally undecipherable. (i think it has something to do with blackmail, but i'm not entirely certain.)half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches. the other half is spoken by the various actors in such unintelligible imitations of "southern" accents that (thankfully) the words cannot be recognized.but the one true tragedy of the movie is that such a historic talent as mary tyler moore apparently was in such dire financial or personal circumstances that she appeared in it.

an okay film, with a fine leading lady, but a terrible leading man. stephan jenkins, who plays the husband, is a truly bad actor. joyce hyser, on the other hand, is the movie's saving grace. she's the best actor of the bunch.note* the first comment, by the fellow who heaped praise upon the movie (and, according to his imdb.com account, has only written one review -- and guess for what movie?) is obviously a plant. while the movie is nicely shot, it's by no means subtle or great or whatever other hypobolic descriptions the reviewer used."art of revenge" is a fair movie, but it's a big tease. it offers up all manner of sexual situations but never goes through with it. like watching a skin flick on cinemax, but with all the "naughty bits" edited out.the film, as a whole, is a bit unfocused and the ending, and much of the third act, is really a big mess. there's a twist ending, of course, since every movie nowadays finds it necessary to have a twist ending.a 4 out of 10.

the only reason i remember this movie is because it was (and still is) the biggest waste of time and money ever spent. i was 17 and my friend was 18. we were the age when action movies were our thing to enjoy most (ok 2nd most). we walked out feeling so insulted, we wanted our money back, but the time could never be regained.the editing is what killed this movie. as the truck gets attacked by more and more vehicles with rocket launchers attached the movie completely insults the intelligence of the audience by having these rogue bad guys in 4x4 vw bugs shooting rockets at the truck. please, rockets at a truck known to be carrying plutonium? what's worse is the these vw's manage to get 15-18 shots off of a 4 rocket launcher. you would see on vw with 4 rockets fire 2 of them, cut around the truck with the last one attached, come back a second later with two rockets attached, fire another, then go in front of the truck and now it's back to a full set of 4 rockets.we toughed it out hoping for a big finish that never happened. it looks like they just ran out of money and stopped.just ridiculous.

just a warning... this is the worst movie i have seen in years... i couldn't watch it to the end... it is a pure waste of time... i really feel sorry for snipes that he ended up in such a movie. there really is not much to say about it. horrible acting, incredibly bad lines, story, everything. the only reason i would advise you to watch this movie is if you really want to see how a movie shouldn't be. just to tell you one scene: the police are searching for snipes, and they are surrounding the building with helicopters and cars, they are shooting around inside the building, but still they are whispering so that snipes doesn't suspect a thing.

the us appear to run the uk police who all run around armed to the teeth and did you know that cid officers change into uniform when they stop work and go down the pub! this has got to be one of the most unrealistic films with the worst portrayal of "real" uk police that has ever been foisted on the unsuspecting public. i can see that mr snipes might have needed the money to pay his back tax bill but what the heck a good actor like charles dance was doing in it is a mystery.worse than the worse low budget "b" film of the 50's. an hour and a half of suicide and time i will never get back.avoid it like the veritable plague.

a mediocre sci-fi channel original picture. a little squirmish, but not much. the nuclear powered submarine u.s.s. jimmy carter is on a mission deep below thick frigid ice near the north pole when it is attacked by giant super charged electric eels. a member of the crew (simmone jade mackinnon)thinks she has devised a way to communicate with the monsters, but is not given much chance for vague reasons. also among the crew are:david keith, mark sheppard and sean whalen. this movie could have been somewhat better if the eels/monsters were not so cartoonish.

this is the worst movie ever made. the acting, the script, the location, everything! i would have given it a little chance if there were attractive women in the movie, but even they were bad. you would think that a movie with the word "beach" in it's title would have good-looking women in it. wouldn't you?

is nothing else on tv? are you really bored? well, then watch phat beach. however, don't rent it and definitely do not buy it. that would be a big mistake.i watched this on tv and found myself laughing at certain points. i did not laugh long and i did not laugh hard. however, there were subtle jokes and comments i laughed at. if you are looking for an extremely funny "hood" movie then watch friday. if you are looking for a powerful emotional movie (something that this movie tries at..kind of) watch something like hoop dreams or jason's lyric. if you are lookin for some good black "booty" go watch a dominique simone porn flick, because the nudity in this movie is nearly non-existent. however, if you have nothing better to do and this is on cable, go ahead and watch it. you will be slightly amused.***3 out of 10***

watching this movie was the biggest waste of time and 2 bucks for rental in my life. if nothing catastrophic happens before i die, this will be the biggest regret of my life. who ever even thought about this movie, or financed deserves a kick between the legs, because that's where they were thinking when they made this movie. it's about an overweight guy who is a hopeless romantic, and writes pretentious drivel that tries to pass off as poetry. he joins his amorous friend in a trip to the coast. where they meet girls and such. only the fat guy doesn't get a girl. skin flicks don't annoy me, i take 'em for face value. but this movie tries to be more than a skin flick. it's about fat guy looking for love in some girl, but then meets another bikini silicone girl that enjoys his poetry. he finds his talent for volleyball which gets money for his family and impresses the ladies, only he has his lady anyways. the dialogue is super-horrible for even a c movie. it supports a ton of black stereotypes, no character development, it's a glorified porno movie, without any porn in it. never ever watch this movie.

i watched phat beach on cable for a while and i sort of enjoyed it. the fat guy is the best character, as he seems to be a nice guy. the rest of the characters are just various stereotypes of young men and young black men. i like to watch these low budget movies that capture a period of time because they are almost like a documentary of the year's attitudes and fads. phat beach is also funny because the low-budget babes in this movie are strictly home-girls. most low-budget movies have that "local babe" quality, and you can tell the babes in this movie were the local strippers and underwear models for jc penneys. some of them had so much cellulite hanging from their bikinis that it was funny to watch how the "youngsters" went wild over what was essentially some really over-used, high-mileage skank. there were some cuties too. that is the charm of these low-budget crappy movies. you will see a lot of doggies, and some real cuties! i checked up on some of them at imdb and seven years later phat beach is their only credit. too bad. it would be interesting if someone ever managed to do a "where are they now" book on all of the cuties that have appeared in the history of movies and then were never again to return. what happened?? there are probably one or two young people in almost every movie who seem to have a lot going for them and yet years later when you see the movie again on tv you wonder "what ever happened to x?" anyhow, this movie mostly blows, but it has some funny moments.

this could have been a good episode but i simply had to turn it off. the british representation was horrible to watch. have the makers ever set foot in britain prior to filming? at least set foot in england?? i don't think any british person have had such an accent apart from a comedy skit of the royal family! also with the 2 english boys... well i don't think any english boy has acted, spoke or dressed like any english kid in the history of the british nation since prince william and harry's preteen public appearances. to american film makers.. there is more than 1 country in the uk. england, wales, scotland and northern ireland.. meaning more than 1 culture! i can handle some stereotyping but this was so bad i could not watch it. fire looked cool though!

murder and insurance fraud take an adulterous couple to "the end of the line"...tv was visually vulgar back in the early 1970s and this truncated, made-for-tv knock-off hurt my eyes. it can't possibly compare to the 1944 billy wilder film noir classic as anyone in their right mind ought to know -sight unseen- but that doesn't mean this update should be seen as a separate entity, either. although based on the original paramount screenplay, there's over half an hour cut out and the director's bland indifference makes what's left imminently forgettable. with rare exception, the younger generation wasn't interested in watching old black and white movies on tv back in 1973 (still true today, alas) so this lurid, compelling tale was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers; then as now, ratings rule and cashing in was its only reel raison d'etre. gus van zandt remade alfred hitchcock's psycho for similar reasons and if these redux led to the seeking out of the original films or novels, so much the better. i loved the james m. cain source novel enough to tune in back then and i enjoyed this time capsule curio the second time around for the longish hair, halter tops, turbans, ugly decor, and lush auburn locks of "guest star" samantha eggar, who didn't try too hard. in addition to recognizing a few of the incidental cast from a childhood spent in front of the boob tube, lee j. cobb was able to hold my interest as a world-weary, tired-looking keyes but richard crenna's affable and inoffensive walter neff only reminded me of bill bixby on a bad day. improvement upon the original was, of course, never intended in a rush to make a buck but, instead of a mindless retread, a new adaptation of the novel would have been a novel idea. cain's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations and the horrific shark fins in the moonlight ending is killer. the completist in me is thankful this speeded up "me decade" update was included as part of the double indemnity dvd extras but the experience not only made me long to see the original, it had me nostalgic for any episode of the better-made columbo tv series. i also flashed back to a very good 1973 abc tv movie of the week that i haven't seen since its initial airing: john d. macdonald's linda starring the beautiful stella stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who murders her lover's (sexy john saxon) wife and then frames her mild-mannered husband for the crime and, if i remember correctly, there's also an open-ended ending. like double indemnity, it was needlessly remade with tv movie queen virginia madsen as the titular vixen and richard thomas as the milquetoast husband.

as a big fan of the original film, it's hard to watch this show. the garish set decor and harshly lighted sets rob any style from this remake. the mood is never there. instead, it has the look and feel of so many television movies of the seventies. crenna is not a bad choice as walter neff, but his snappy wardrobe and "swank" apartment don't fit the mood of the original, or make him an interesting character.he does his best to make it work but samantha egger is a really bad choice. the english accent and california looks can't hold a candle to barbara stanwick's velvet voice and sex appeal. lee j.cobb tries mightily to fashion barton keyes,but even his performance is just gruff, without style.it feels like the tv movie it was and again reminds me of what a remarkable film the original still is.

the hysterical thing about this movie is that, according to the director, it has difficulty finding a distributor in the u.s. because most of them that viewed it couldn't reconcile the seemingly conflicting messages of christianity and american angst. the thought of anyone seeing this as a religious film in anyway is laughable.because a minister at a mission prays with the homeless or wishes someone "godspeed" this makes it a "christian" movie? one could interpret that it is actually mocking religion for in the "land of plenty" with all of its material excess, the best an organized mission can do is hand out a bowl of soup and a bible verse. plenty of unfortunate or downtrodden maybe? plenty of useless homeless missions? how about plenty of psycho vietnam vets? as a pill-popping delusional survivor of agent "pink" are we to think america is a "land of plenty" of paranoid patriots? maybe we have plenty of psychiatric patients? certainly we don't have plenty of people concerned about palestine politics based on the main characters phone conversation in the film. of course if you worked in a german homeless shelter the unfortunate there would be much more concerned about peace in a distant land than their own personal survival as the world knows how europe is the "continent of plenty" when it comes to sophistication.indeed i agreed with the title in the end as the united states is the "land of plenty" and in this particular case it refers to the abundance of poor scripts, amateur acting and dispassionately directed films. life is too short and one, even an american, doesn't have "plenty" of time to waste watching this piece.

wenders was great with million $ hotel.i don't know how he came up with this film! the idea of giving the situation after spt11 and the view of american society is hopeful,that makes it 2 out of ten.but this is not a movie.is that the best someone can do with a great idea(the west-east clash).there are important things going on in middle east and it is just issued on the screen of a mac* with the fingers of an amerian girl who is actually at the level of stupidity(because she is just ignorant about the facts).the characters are not well shaped.and the most important thing is the idea that is given with religion is somehow funny to me.at the ending scene lana says lets just be quiet and try to listen.and the background music says "...i will pray".the thing is not about religion actually.but it ends up with this.how you are gonna see the truth if you just close your eyes and pray.the lights are already shining on the truth.its just that nobody wants to see it. ps: "my home is not a place.it is people"the only thing that gets 10 out of 10 is that sentence.but it is wasted behind this film making. (by the way; as "someone" mentioned below ,americas finest young man are not finest,they are just the "poor" and the "hopeless" ones who sign up for the army in need of good paychecks which is not provided by the government ! )

the end of violence and certainly the million dollar hotel hinted at the idea the wenders has lost his vision, his ability to tell compelling stories through a map of the moving picture. the land of plenty seals the coffin, i'm afraid, by being a vastly unimaginative, obviously sentimental and cliché'd film. the characters are entirely flat and stereotyped, the writing, plot and direction are amateurish, at best. for the first time in quite a while, i was impatient for the film to end so i could get on with my life. the war-torn delirium of the uncle, the patriotic abstract gazing at the sky at the conclusion...it all just struck me as being so simple and pathetic, hardly the work of a filmmaker who once made some compelling magic on screen. what happened? the days of experimentation, perceptive writing and interesting filming possibilities are long behind him, i'm afraid. let's hope he finds his inspiration again... at the toronto film festival, which is where i saw the film, wenders was there to introduce it. completely lacking in humility, he offered us the following: "i hope...no, wait...i know you're going to enjoy the next two hours." i'm afraid he couldn't be more wrong...

with a tendency to repeat himself, wenders has been a consistent disappointment ever since he hit it big with 'paris texas'.'land of plenty' is no exception. taking into the fact that i anticipated an average-mediocre film even before i went in, wenders' ambitions seem to always get the better of him. it's taken for grated now his films are heavy-handed and bombastic.i weren't sure if i was watching a comedy that mocks middle america or some thriller. the outcome of diehl's character is wholly predicable. wender's insistence on layering many many scenes with some rock song is also intensely annoying. he was covering up the holes in his script and direction by jazzing up the scenes.i am certain that many people will find this film important and resonant but in all honestly, this clumsy and didactic effort only speaks of poor direction.interesting that wenders professed that while making 'paris texas', he had great help from sam sheppard with the script. yes, that was wenders' best and he should understand now he needs a good scriptwriter. his films from the past 15 years+ were a total mess.

watching "der himmel über berlin" as a teen in the late 80's was a profound experience for me - "so this was what the movies could be". along with "paris, texas" and "until the end of the world" it still holds a special place in my heart and mind - a testament to the genius of wim wenders.unfortunately later years has seen a steady decline in the quality of his work with "million dollar hotel" and "land of plenty" hitting a terrible low point. gone are the captivating pictures or music. no search for or display of great insight. all that is left are characters and thinly veiled political statements, that boils down to nothing but clichés, and quite frankly mock the intelligence of a mature audience.has the well run dry? whatever the reason, it's time for mr. wenders to either step it up or stop altogether.

this is a terrible, terrible film!!!!!!!!!first of all tooo long. the longest movie i have ever seen.the stories are all too damn over the top!!!!as a matter of fact there are too many stories that the story line is ruined.the comedy wasn't comedy!!!!! it wasn't funny at all....the story is so repulsive and badly written that it doesnot matter if the characters live or die.......i had some expectations from this movie......... but my expectations were crashed completely in the first few minutes......the only thing good about this movie is the music...... and obviously vidya balan. she gives the best performance and stands out among all the senior actors...... she's just a new comer and yet she shines and makes the rest of the cast look so pathetic!!!!! govinda and the blonde who playes his love interest also help saving this disastrous movie. govinda perfectly fits in the role of the taxi driver. and the blonde also gives a very subtle and consistent performance....another talented actress ayesha takiya is completely wasted in this movie!!!! so is priyanka!!!!!!!!! akshay does his role well but it seemed too over the top!!!!! anil and juhi are also totally wasted......the only one not wasted is salman because he has no talent what so ever to be wasted!!!!!!!!!all in all this is a very impossible movie with mishmashed screenplay and tooo masladar that the storyline is shaped according to the stupid comedy scenes. imagine how stupid this movie is!!!!!!3/10 it is four hours long!!!! think and rethink before going to the cinemas!!!!! better avoid it!!!!!

six for the price of one! so it is a bonanza time for cinegoers. isn't it? here it is not one, not two but all six-love stories, an ensemble cast of top stars of bollywood, plus all stories in the genre of your favorite top directors johar, bhansali, chopra et al. you will get to see every damn type of love story that you enjoyed or rather tolerated for years now. so no big deal for you. do you need anything more than this? no sir, thank you. why sir? enough is enough. please spare us. they signed every top star that they manage to sign, whether required or not, so they end up making a circus of stars, believe it or not. too crowded every thing depicted here is exactly how it is prescribed in bollywood textbook of romances. plus you have to justify the length given to each story, as each has stars. therefore, it is too long-three hours plus. the gags are filmy. characters are filmy. problems, barriers, situations, resolution  yes you guessed it right, again. filmy-tried and tested. same hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful costumes in background. why they have no other work to do? all couples are sugary-sweet, fairy tale type, picture perfect. all are good looking. each story beginning in a perfect way and therefore should ends also in that impossible perfect manner? too haphazard. you can't connect to a single story. here you have everything that you already seen a million times. bloody fake, unreal, escapist abnormal stories considered normal for more than hundred years since evolution of this indian cinema. what a mockery of sensibilities of today's audience? yes it could have worked as a parody if he just paid tribute to love-stories of yesteryear but alas even that thing is not explored. at least, director nikhil advani should have attempted one unconventional, offbeat love story but then what will happen to the tradition of living up to the mark of commercial bollwood potboiler brigade? oh! somebody has to carry on, no. imagine on one hand audience finds it difficult to sit through one such love story and here we have six times the pain. i mean six damn stories. i mean double the fun of chopra's mohabbatein (year 2000) in this age and time, get something real, guys. we are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories oh, what have you said just now- come on, that is entertainment. my advice, please don't waste your time henceforth reading such reviews. go instead, have some more such entertainment! thank you.

the only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *might* enjoy this film.the only saving grace was the story between raju and stephanie. govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the brit girl. perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in india and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.the only reason i gave it a 3 rating is because of govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.juhi chawla and anil kapoor were wasted needlessly. plus the scene at heathrow of the re-union was just too much to digest. being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, anil kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) but then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and throw an egg on the face of the *general* audience.watch it at your own peril. at least i know i have been scarred for life :(

my sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. four hours damn!!! i am proud that i survived after all of it! if this is called survival.i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! rubbish movie.happy republic day to one and all :)

this is a sad film made for sad people. i was sitting in theaters tearing my hair apart, wanting to break the chairs in front of me as the movie spitted out one cringe-inducing scenes after another. and there were people roaring with laughter behind me, which made me wonder what kind of films these people must be watching to actually enjoy this horse-s**t.nikkhil advani has six stories with no plot and no interesting characters. the screenplay is dull, probably he was drunk when he was writing this film. there is no strong hold on any of these stories. nothing new , nothing to hold the audience and filled with dialogs which you would have heard a million times before. one of the stories is about this couple not being able to have sex because of series of disasters taking place every time they want to do it. i mean seriously is this story really required? its not funny, not creative but only proves that advani has no sense of comedy. another of the stories (which was probably the only story i was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and that too ends in a lame age-old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar crap. i have no idea what the salmaan-priyanka plot was all about. there was no issue in the plot for it to be a plot. she can't take karan johar's film because she has to marry salmaan ?? why can't she marry him and still take the film ?? or does advani and priyanaka just want to prove the world that it is in fact true that female actors cant be successful if they are married or that they should not act in films once they are married?? with six actors in the film obviously advani cant produce the film all by himself. so he makes full use of sponsors like the times group, shamelessly promoting their filmfare magazines. and also some jewelery brand which the women in the film absolutely seem to adore!! i come to imdb to give it the worst rating and i am shocked to see posts praising the film. it just goes to show the sad state of bollywood and how star struck the fans are. with fans like these, movies like salaam e ishq will be continue to be made and worse probably be a hit.

six different couples. six different love stories. six different love angles. eighty numbers of audience in the movie theater. looking at the eighty different parts of the silver screen.i am sitting in somewhere between them looking at the center of the screen to find out what's going on in the movie. all stories have got no link with each other, but somewhere down the line nikhil advani trying to show some relation between them. i tried to find out a few lines i could write as review but at the end of 3 hours 15 minutes found nothing to write. the movie is a poor copy of hollywood blockbuster love actually.my suggestion. don't watch the movie if you really want to watch a nice movie.

clocking in at an interminable three hours and twenty minutes, "salaam-e-ishq" is a pretty but superficial comic soap opera from india that regales us with six interwoven tales of romantic love (which is at least four tales too many in my estimation).filmed like a cross between an mtv music video and a super bowl beer commercial, the movie is a sprawling mishmash of exotic settings, dazzling colors, sexy showgirls, high-stepping song-and-dance numbers, dream and fantasy sequences, winking character asides, corny dialogue and way-over-the-top comical performances - all pretty much standard-issue stuff when it comes to bollywood happenings these days. it's an exhausting chore just trying to keep all the characters straight as they dance, prance and preen their way through the incomprehensible storyline.there's plenty for the viewer to feast his eyes on here - not least of all all the drop dead gorgeous women - but he'll need the patience of job to get him all the way through it.

we all have seen some unending epics in our times, but this one really tops them all! the movie is so long and so slow, that, just to put things in perspective, i felt a lot older when i left movie hall, than i entered it. at almost 4 hours length, it could have rather been made into a tele-serial.what starts as a promising comedy slowly loses its pace. nikhil advani has woven the plot around 6 love stories and he cant make justice to any one of them... there is no interconnection between them to start with, and links shown in last 20 minutes just seem to be forced to connect the story.situation is made worse by silly dialogues (most of them repeated in hindi cinema over years)and stupid cinematography.priyanka doesn't realise that she actually needs to play her role rather than just looking glam on screen... an utter waste of beauty without acting skills.and then there is loud-is-humorous govinda & my-face-twists-better-than-jim-carrey akshay khanna who keep belching at the top of their lungs to irritate already tired viewers.only good part in movie is john & vidya's love story & nice acting/comedy by sohail & isha. but they are so good at their roles that just these two couples could have justified the movie without jumbling it with other bunch of characters. their brilliance gets lost in the midst of other substandard plot lines.my guess - director was making two separate movies(may be more!) and some beginner assistant mixed up all the records, beyond a point of sorting them out, so director was left with no choice to show it all as a single movie...watch it only if you want to test your patience!!!

ok the director remakes love actually the director nikhil advani after debuting with khnh does his second half and waithe makes a 3:30 hours + film which loses on patience, time.etc the viewer seems like a 3 hrs sleep watching this filmok they had 6 stories so it was necessary but why? 6 stories?we have the anil- juhi story convincing but boring don't tv serials show such stories?we have govinda- shannon story which is funny and works well we have akshaye-ayesha story again believable but gets boring soon and the focus is on comedy more and that too slapstick boring comedywe have salman- priyanka story which is the worst, not just acting terms, it makes no sense at allwe have sohail- isha story to make you laugh and the trick works at times thanks to the boredom set by most of other storieswe have john- vidya story a good story in all respectsbut then by the time all stories come in bits n pieces the viewer gets bored and sleepy the climax isn't appealing though especially the climax of salman- priyanka story nikhil advani's handling is alright at places, some stories are well handled but weak at places music(sel)is good, but too many songs cinematography is nice, every story is given a different look, texture and it worksactors govinda rocks, after a dismissal comeback with bb he actually makes you laugh and love him in this film despite his age and weight anil kapoor acts his part well, though he looks out of shape and tired john excels in his part, akshaye khanna overacts for a changesohail khan is too over- the - top and isha has nothing to do anjana suknani is dismissalpriyanka and salman deserve an award for this film you are shocked?salman khan doesn't act only, just talks like he is in his sleep and that fake accent oh god priyanka overacts to such a standard you feel like throwing something on her, she does get better towards the end vidya balan is good, juhi chawla is okay shannon is okay

it's amazing to see how nikhil advani manages to attract people to the theater till the very day of the release. i mean..... look at the cast here , the promotion is superb, good enough songs and the trailers are fine. this makes it a house full on the first day, but it's only when people go and see the film they realize that there is no way their money is refundable. house full the first day , the movie is out the next week. this film, inspired by 'love actually' is what they say, didn't manage to handle the whole cast well. they tried to put in big stars but ended up by not even managing to bring out even an average performance by any one. the stories are hollow and cheesy, so the audience can't connect with any single one of them. it's a big disappointment to all those who like big stars or for that matter nikhil advani after his big success of 'kal ho na ho'.

the problems with nikhil advani's salaam-e-ishq are many. a one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier english film - love actually) goes terribly wrong thanks to inept and shallow writing. a well-intentioned idea gets crushed to smithereens under the weight of its own gargantuan ambition. a director so completely besotted by his own much applauded first film goes overboard with the devices that worked in his earlier film (kal ho na ho) - try counting the number of times the device of split screens is used in this flick. the problem is - what worked fabulously in kal ho na ho were the emotional excesses of the karan johar school of film-making, but here, 'emotion' doesn't quite grace us with its appearance on the screen - no, not even cursorily. the writer/ director gives us 'six relationships with one common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the 'emotion'? a 'tribute to love' sans emotion? and one that goes on and on and on...... nah, it just cannot work! in my opinion, the basic requirement for a portmanteau film like this to work is that not only should each individual story be 'complete', it should - in some way or the other - follow the graph of the traditional three-act structure (screen writing guru, syd field's paradigm). that's the real reason why salaam-e-ishq didn't work for me. none of the stories had any depth or a roller-coaster ride of emotional ups and downs one expects in mainstream hindi cinema. also, the linkage between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced. it's not clear what salman khan is doing at ayesha takia's wedding. if he was required to be present at the wedding scene for a neat wrap-up, why not conjure a few more coincidences and bring the other two couples also to the wedding? that would be neater.but yes, some of the stories did have a lot of promise. for one, the anil kapoor-juhee chawla story tries to address a very real situation - mid-life crisis, but its journey is so linear that you're left wondering if it was really an issue. similarly, the problem of commitment in the akshaye khanna-ayesha takia story is also true to life. if only it was developed a little better. i felt that the more promising stories in this mish-mash were told from the male point of view, which is fine, but it brings down the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters - juhee chawla and ayesh takia in particular - have all the depth of a half-filled bath tub. wasn't this film supposed to be about '12 different lives'? now the actors. john abraham still needs to learn acting, while vidya balan is dependable and endearing as ever. anil kapoor gets a role written just for him but sometimes overplay the boredom of his character. since she didn't get a meaty character to portray, juhee chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover up for it. akshaye khanna is fine despite going a trifle over-the-top in a few scenes. ayesha takia has nothing much to do, but she does remind us that she's the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in dor. govinda tries to make up for that huge mistake called bhagam bhag, and succeeds to a large extent.that brings me the most irritating track of the film (which unpardonably ends up hogging the maximum screen time) - salman khan and priyanka chopra. the track is irritating mainly because of them. but i must credit them for their consistency. they're consistently bad all through the film. priyanka could well be the next queen of hamming - i don't buy the crap that her role (that of an 'item girl') required her to act over-the-top. somebody should tell her the difference between being flamboyant because the character demands it and downright hamming. if you've seen rakhi sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in her interviews and bigg boss you'll know what i mean. i strongly feel that if nikhil advani had taken rakhi sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like priyanka, the story would have worked better. salman khan's phony accent is.....well, shannon esra's hindi is less accented than salman's.to be fair to the director, he does manage to add some good directorial touches to the film. i particularly liked the use of grey as the predominant color in the anil kapoor-juhee chawla story as a metaphor for their boring existence, and the bright colors that come into the story with the arrival of the other woman. but will anyone choose to paint their house in varying, depressing shades of grey? that's acceptable cinematic license i would say. but when the film runs almost for 4 hours, it almost feels like the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his 'touch' in an endlessly meandering montage of uninspiring sequences.maybe nikhil advani wants us to sit in the theatre for as long as is humanly possible- pata nahin, kal ho na ho.

i had a video of the thing. and i think it was my fourth attempt that i managed to watch the whole film without drifting off to sleep. it's slow-moving, and the idea of a mid-atlantic platform, which may have been revolutionary at the time, is now just a great big yawnaroony. apart from conrad veidt, the rest of the cast are pretty forgettable, and it is only in the action towards the end that things get really interesting. when the water started to spill big-time it even, on one occasion, woke me up.but give the man his due. no one could hold a cigarette like conrad veidt. he doesn't wedge it between his index and middle fingers like the lesser mortals. he holds it in his fingers, while showing us the old pearly-browns. there are a few scenes in this film where the smoke drifts up to heaven against a dark background,and looks very artistically done. but it does not say much about this film if all that impresses you is the tobacco smoke.

the acronymic "f.p.1" stands for "floating platform #1". the film portends the building of an "f.p.1" in the middle of the atlantic ocean, to be used as an "air station" for transatlantic plane flights. based a contemporary curt siodmark novel; it was filmed in german as "f.p.1 antwortet nicht" (1932), in french as "i.f.1 ne répond plus" (1933), and in english as "f.p.1" (1933). soon, technology made non-stop oceanic travel much more preferable.stars conrad veidt (as ellissen), jill esmond (as droste), and leslie fenton (as claire) find love and sabotage on and off the atlantic platform. karl hartl directed. mr. veidt is most fun to watch; but, he is not convincing in the "love triangle" with ms. esmond and mr. fenton. the younger co-stars were the spouses of laurence olivier and ann dvorak, respectively. both the concept and film have not aged well. **** f.p.1 (4/3/33) karl hartl ~ conrad veidt, jill esmond, leslie fenton

john pressman (micheal 'i shoulda called ditech' lerner) works at a doctor's office as an orderly. his mother (zelda 'poltergeist' rubenstein) hypnotizes him to off the people who see thinks wronged him. but this turns out to be a movie within a movie, but the lines soon blur as john goes a movie theater to kill. prompting a guy who's watching the movie to do the same. lerner is suitably over the top in this, but zelda repeats lines of dialog over and over again. that gets annoying fast. but not as annoying as the two girls who are watching the movie within a movie.as a horror film this one fails, it's too busy trying to be clever, trying to impart a message and seems to forget a slasher film must evoke a sense of tension, or at least a jump or two. no, what we have here is the worst kind of slasher: an art-house one.my grade: d+

the dialogue was pretty dreadful. the plot not really all that inspired beyond the obvious twist it presents. not visually stunning. actually visually annoying at times. most definitely one of those films you find easier to finish if you keep one finger on the fast forward button. if you could watch it for free, have absolutely no other options open at the moment and you really dig seeing the little poltergeist lady... well maybe i'd recommend it to you, but not anyone else i could think of at the moment.

i should have figured that any movie with the poltergeist lady in it isn't going to be good. it actually starts out okay, but during the first murder scene you find out that the movie you're watching is a movie inside of a movie. there's people sitting in a movie theatre watching that movie. one girl in the audience is so annoying that i would have turned around and strangled her. a bit strange, but far from good.

a somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predictable plot about world war two dangers. the mystery is whether or not jane graystone (nancy coleman) has amnesia. the best acting is done by raymond massey as dr. ingersoll, a good doctor turned evil. he is head of a spy ring attempting to get information from amnesiac jane, coded information related to allied activities. will she tell? can she remember? moroni olson (as mr. goodwin) is convincing as an accomplice to massey. the role played by john garfield (as dr. lewis) is nothing short of disastrous. he seems so badly miscast that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history. it is unfortunate that so talented an actor is stuffed into a role which not befitting his talents. the movie is worth one look, despite being a half spy and half gangster film, and despite containing a parade of stereotyped characters. it's easy to forget this one, amnesia is not necessary.

standard "paint-by-numbers" monster fare, filled with a bunch of routine plot devices from big-creature movies. it's like somebody had a deck of cards with plot ideas from other movies written on them, which were shuffled, and dealt. whatever plot lines and characters came up in the deal were then tossed into the script. characters are so cliché-ridden, that you can play a game of "guess who ends up as a monster meal" after less than ten minutes into the movie, and probably get every single one right--including the order that they will get devoured. many of the characters are so obnoxious, that you root for the creature to shut them up. some of the main characters include: a billy idol clone who surfs with sharks, a loudmouth brat who flashes bankrolls, a capt. ahab guy with a vendetta, and ahab's girlfriend who does sleazy dances at a bar. oh, and a big, big beast in need of anger management therapy.along the way, people argue a lot, pretty girls run around with wet t-shirts, couples make out on exotic beaches, explosions occur, ruins of a shrine appear, and greasy-faced pirates drop by. amusing, for the most part, but one thing bothered me: the callousness by characters when other people were killed. after one violent demise, they make one-liner jokes. i could almost hear rim shots.overall, ok, if you have 90 minutes to waste, and you want to laugh at a so-bad-it's-good-movie. otherwise, you may want to skip this one.

fans of creature feature films have to endure a lot of awful movies lately. blood surf shamelessly joins the list of stupid, redundant pulp-horror titles about ridiculously big animals that want to turn the food chain upside down. crocodiles are particularly successful as we already had to struggle our way through the abysmal 'crocodile' (directed by a disappointing tobe hooper) and 'lake placid'. blood surf is every bit as bad as these other films and  on top of that  it likes to exaggerate tremendously. the saltwater-crocodile supposedly is 90 years old, over 30 ft long (!) and it kills for fun! during the film, he amuses himself by devouring a bunch of utterly stupid surfer-dudes & dudettes who came to seek new thrills by surfing in a shark-congested area. the only beautiful aspect about this film is the tropical location. even though it's a completely inappropriate setting for a film like this, the lagoons and nature looks marvelous. every other aspect is simply disastrous. there's a quite a bit of gore but it all looks fake and laughable. the dialogues are downright painful to listen to! you won't believe some of the lines these actors have to say! i know surfers are supposed to be a mentally underdeveloped group but i hope for their own sake they're not that stupid! early in the film, one of the characters refers to jaws as being a 'mechanical toy' but the croc here looks at least 10 times less real than spielberg's great white shark. the visual effects in 'blood surf' are amateurish and the massacres fail to impress. i won't say too much about the acting since it's secondary in flicks like this. the girls look sexy in wet shirts and their boobs joyfully bounce while running away from the beast. you guessed right: blood surf is a very bad film. so bad it becomes fun again. but 'funny' for a whole other reason than james hickox intended.

seeing this movie, as i just did for the first time on turner classic (which lists it as "dangerous female"), can only multiply your appreciation for the 1941 bogart-astor version. ricardo cortez must have been getting paid by the smirk. i hope he remembered his dentist and his brylcreem salesman in his will; they made him the actor he was. the women are all good, but no better than that. well, una merkel is a little better. more interesting are the "original" joel cairo and mr. gutman, who competently deliver many of the individual tics but almost nothing of the set-changing atmospherics of their successors in the roles, peter lorre and sydney greenstreet. humphrey bogart and mary astor somehow transcended the essential seediness of their characters in the remake; here, sam spade and ruth wonderley(!) can't. this movie doesn't exactly stink; it lies there like a big slice of ham. its chief value today is as a reminder that great movies like the '41 "falcon" don't just happen. on the 1-to-10 scale i rate it a 4, mainly for the camera work and the supporting players.

you get 5 writers together, have each write a different story with a different genre, and then you try to make one movie out of it. it's action, it's adventure, it's sci-fi, it's western, it's a mess. sorry, but this movie absolutely stinks. 4.5 is giving it an awefully high rating. that said, it's movies like this that make me think i could write movies, and i can barely write.

the special effects of this movie are, especially for its time, laughable and used in such an over-emphasized way that you can't deny their terrible existance.the acting redefines the term "terrible overacting" at the hands of meg foster and richard joseph paul, where julie newman and andrew divoff just redefine "bad".***spoilers***the charm in this movie can be found in two things: first is the excellent casting of carel "lurch" struycken as the mysterious psychic gaunt, who can sense where and when people will die and is always there.the second are original finds, the combination sf-western is obviously original, if terrible, but other finds are more original, like the gunman zack stone being able to sense the pain of the people he shoots (though his acting falls short here).overal...don't see this movie, except if you love that ol' hunk-o-brutal carel struycken, as any self-respecting dutchman should.

republic pictures comes late in the game to the "werewolf" er werecat genre. the plot has a writer returning to paris after a long trip abroad during which he developed jungle fear during which he had blackouts. he is arriving to great acclaim as his novel that parallels an infamous trial is a best seller. the french government wants to know if he had access to secret documents, something that seems more likely when an official is killed by a "catman". suspicion really falls on the writer when his fiancé ends up dead. complicating matters is the return of the blackouts so the writer doesn't know if he's the killer or not.okay thriller is much too leisurely to be fully enjoyed. there are too many musical numbers early on and too much dead time when things are all talk in the middle and later sections. the acting is fine and the sets quite good but there is a reason why most people i know only remember the top hatted killer, he's the most interesting thing in this film. despite its short running time (just over an hour) i think the reason that this film was rarely seen on tv was that after 20 minutes you begin to lose patience with it. as good as the talk is, i just wished someone would do something. when it finally did happen, in the closing minutes, it was too little too late..take a pass.

speaking solely as a movie, i didn't really liked it. not because there were no fx or because we had a single cabin as the scenario for the whole film, actually that was what kept me watching it.i didn't like it because the acting was shady, his "friends" are all happy and then they're mad, but you have no idea why; then they take distinct roles, one is the believer, other is the antagonist, but they never really make the point! also, the lighting was terrible and i'm just mentioning technical issues.in a few words, i thing the movie could have just had a "ok i'm outta here!" from some characters. like the lady who doesn't want to hear his version of the bible.about the story itself, everyone is free to write about what they want, and the story is proof of some good writing and imagination. i credit the book author for that, hence, my 4/10.so, in the end, hear the man's story believe it or not, just don't spend the whole time acting like you believe him and being shocked at what he says, and at the same time moving around and making jokes like you don't believe him.coherence.thanks for reading ;)

wow. rarely have i felt the need to comment on movies lately, but this one especially is begging for a beatdown. let's start at the beginning. first, writer-director susan montford puts kim basinger in the tired old victim role, complete with the requisite abusive husband and dull suburban existence. let it be said right now that almost all content in this dull movie is completely hackneyed and trite. montford's pathetic attempt at symbolism involving the christmas tree with no star is laughable.when she goes out for some christmas wrapping paper one dark and ominous night, della is furious that somebody double-parked their car on the busiest shopping night of the year. she decides to do something about it, so she leaves a nasty note on the car's windshield. the next fifteen minutes of the movie are devoted to della walking around aimlessly in the shopping mall. when she finally gets to her car, the thugs confront her about the note, a cop is killed, and she runs, and they catch up to her, and she gets away, and they chase her some more, and on and on. everything is completely predictable and uninvolving. the thugs are not scary or menacing at all, and they all get picked off one by one in all the usual ways.this is one of those movies in which all the action depends on the characters being as stupid as you can imagine. why the bad guys don't just kill her instead of waiting for her to hit them with a tire iron is beyond me. and once, just once, in a film like this, does the leader of the pack have to die last? what does it matter that they are all picked off one by one when they are all equally inept? much of the movie simply consists of lukas haas running around in the woods screaming "della!!!" and the inclusion of joy division on the soundtrack of this wretched film is insulting.the part that really made me run for my computer keypad was when della, exhausted and hurt, cries out to the heavens, "where are you, god?" where, indeed, was god when this movie was being made? i give it a 2 only because of competent cinematography and lighting, and it's not as bad as 'btk killer,' the ultimate marker for judging any terrible film. cheers!

this production has absolutely no storyline. the acting is embarrassing. the promising dutch television sophie hilbrand star should not add this movie to her cv. her acting is far from flawless and personally i think she has crossed boundary of professional decency; relating to the way she exposes herself in this movie. this movie contains too much unnecessary nudity, vulgar sexual scenes and rude language. it also shows a wrong image of the netherlands (as most movies do). do not bother to watch this movie: a waste of time, a waste of money and an embarrassing record for hilbrand, who has proved to be better with her close on on the screen.

this film should have never been made. honestly, i must admit that before i saw it i had some serious doubts. the director is not a great actress, though she did a lot of movies in holland, and the young woman who took the main part is a tv-personality with a constant smile on the face and not much self-criticism. the actor who played the other main part i recently saw in bride flight and although that film is better, he did not convince me than. to start with the the story, i have not read the novel it is based upon, but the script that underlays the film is something that might have been done with in mind kids having a birthday party on a rainy sunday afternoon, not someone of the same age as the director who likes to watch a good movie. something really disturbing were the overdubbed dialogues, it was most of the time spoken out loud. my regards go to the cameraman, at least he tried to make something out of it. it is a pity that the film is edited lousy, if not, some scenes were certainly more credible.

i recently saw this at the 2009 palm springs international film. this is the feature length directorial debut of veteran dutch actress monique van de ven and based on my observation it should be her last. i hate movies that are so implausible that you are picking apart practically every scene. this film immediately leaves you scratching your head. as it begins a young photographer and his girlfriend who works for an international aid organization are having a leisurely drive through the taliban-controlled mountains afghanistan having a conversation about their love when a rocket stops a truck in front of them. they get out of their vehicle to watch as talliban fighters equipped with rocket launchers, machine guns, rifles, handguns and grenades execute all five people in the truck. bob (waldemar torenstra) starts taking pictures of all this when he is spotted by one of the insurgents who lobs a hand grenade at them that kills his girlfriend. since they are with hand throwing distance they can't be more than 50 yards away yet he somehow gets away. his girlfriend is blown up and he takes a picture of the moment of the grenade impact that kills her and wins a prize as photographer of the year for the photo. every scene and situation in this film as as ridiculous as it's opening. the following year bob finds himself on assignment for national geographic on a dutch resort island where he meets kathleen (sophie hilbrand) and inserts himself into her seedy underworld of international drug smugglers. avoid this film. i would give it a 4.0 out of 10.

this movie is just like every other dutch movie, so if you enjoy movies such as turks fruit and de kleine blonde dood. then you might be okay with this one (even though those two have much better stories and actors) zomerhitte starts strong enough, but even that one good scene ends up having nothing to do with the storyline. there's a lot of nudity (but me and others just could not find that girl attractive), the dialog is laughable (as we did a lot to the annoyance of other movie watchers), and some of the scenes are so completely random that this is more of an unintentional comedy than anything else (like a random scene in which an owl rips somebody's eye out...it has nothing to do with anything and is only referenced once later in a sentence saying "did you hear what happened...i was there"). the only reason i gave it a 2 is because some of the places they are at look nice...that's it. and the reason i saw it was because we went to the sneak preview (here in holland we have a strange system regarding sneak previews, you pay less money then for a regular movie and you don't know what movie it is that you will be watching. all you know is that it's a new movie that's not yet in the theaters). my advice is to stay far away from this film, if you really want to see a good dutch movie watch temmink or zwartboek.

edward montagne's tattooed stranger is supposed to play like a crime thriller with a little film noir mixed in for flavor. instead, it's a poorly acted, witless look into low budget and uninspired film making. the plot is absurd and the acting excruciatingly stiff and amateurish. john miles, who had a rather thin resume in the industry, grins and guffaws throughout, and everyone else acts with the same verve as characters in a government-made filmstrip about driver safety. the movie anticipates shows like 'leave it to beaver' and 'father knows best' in its unnaturally wholesome view of new york in 1950. why, the viewer doesn't even get to see anyone light up a cig until some shapely woman is interviewed in a flophouse halfway through the movie. the only thing the movie has going for it (besides its brevity) is the excellent location shots coordinated by william steiner. the low budget of the film works in the cinematographer's favor, as the viewer is treated to well-framed shots of new york city's interiors and expansive exteriors. unless you wish to enjoy the film for the choice of settings and camera angles, i suggest watching practically any other movie.

this 'movie' has to be the biggest pile of steaming c*^p i have everseen, what more can i say than bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. there is nothing to save this 'movie' and i pray that they never even talk about making a sequel. if you are thinking about watching this then you should know that the storyline is that two garbage men get dragged into saving the earth. movies like men in black has been torn to shreds and put back together to make this 'comedy' but have totally failed. please avoid this movie, (save yourself).

words fail me. this film was extremely difficult to watch and in hindsight i really wish i hadn't done it. although i attempted to sit through it until the end credits i have to admit i couldn't last for more than hour, so my opinion could be unfair. however, this film would require the most impressive final third in the history of film-making in order for it to be given a review which is anything but vicious.please do not watch any part of this film.

i watched this on a weekend afternoon as there was simply nothing else on, it would have been more entertaining to chew off my feet and probably less painful. i urge anyone to watch this just to see how turgidly awful a movie can be, surely it was deliberate. i cringed at every futile attempt at humour carried out in such a childish, unrehearsed, badly executed way that it was beyond belief. this is the movie that makes spiceworld look like goodfellas, think i am exaggerating? well give it airtime and think again. dreadful, utterly dreadful. if this wasn't a prank then the director and anyone else responsible for this should be removed and promptly shot after being forced to watch this film again.

i may have seen worse films than this, but i if i have, i don't remember. or possibly blocked them out. who knows,if i was to undergo hypnotherapy, i may remember them, along, maybe, with been abducted by aliens as a child, or other traumas. if so, i would happily exchange those memories for the ones i have of watching this film.i should give the film some credit: it did produce an emotional response. i actually started to become angry at scenes that spoofed other films and tv programs, that this travesty was dirtying them by association. i am terrified that i may be unable to watch films like dr strangelove again without this film flitting across my minds eye.

if you really, truly want to waste two hours of your life, do the following: 1) look through the tv listings. 2) find the movie 'men in white'. 3) when 'men in white' comes on, sit and watch.and that's it. after sitting through two hours of bad puns, dreadful (and not that funny) movie references, and experiencing something with possibly the lowest production values ever made in recent history, you will have wasted two hours of your life, and wonder exactly why.why did i do this? i was stupid enough to think that this film might actually be some good. it wasn't.but, on the other hand, if you're old enough to remember power rangers, you might spot some familiar faces during the film. presumably to save on production costs, saban (who also make power rangers), decided to liberally sprinkle old monster costumes from everyone's favourite tacky toy-spawning franchise throughout the film. i spotted quite a few old monsters from episodes i saw from when i was a kid, so i guess it could at least be said it has some nostalgia value.but, if you want to see actual power rangers monsters, go watch power rangers itself. it's much better than this piece of garbage. (and that's saying something!)

this movie is terrible. the suspense is spent waiting for a point. there isn't much of one.aside from a few great lines ( "i found a tooth in my apartment" ), and the main characters dedication to killing himself, it's a collection of supposedly eerie sounds.

extremities aspect ratio: 1.85:1sound format: monoa woman turns the tables on a would-be rapist when he mounts an assault in her home, and is forced to decide whether to kill him or inform the police, in which case he could be released and attack her again.exploitation fans who might be expecting another rough 'n' ready rape fantasy in the style of day of the woman (1978) will almost certainly be disappointed by extremities. true, farrah fawcett's character is subjected to two uncomfortably prolonged assaults before gaining the upper hand on her attacker (a suitably slimy james russo), but scriptwriter william mastrosimone and director robert m. young take these unpleasant scenes only so far before unveiling the dilemma which informs the moral core of this production. would their final solution hold up in a court of law? maybe...based on a stage play which reportedly left its actors battered and bruised after every performance, the film makes no attempt to open up the narrative and relies instead on a confined setting for the main action. acing and technical credits are fine, though fawcett's overly subdued performance won't play effectively to viewers who might be relying on her to provide an outlet for their outraged indignation.

hello boys and girls... this isn't your regular movie review, because this is going to be the cold. hard. truth. are you serious? this movie sucked so many balls i couldn't keep them out of my mouth! they might as well have sprayed me in the eye with monkey semen. you'd need one seriously large douche to pump out all the vaginal fluid from this movie.the plot was very lacking. the actors were terrible. i rewound the dance number several times and had to pause it even more because i was choking on my own spit. do boys, everyone!peace r&h besties4lyf

this is no doubt one of the worst movies i have ever seen. this makes your run of the mill tv movie look like reservoir dogs. based on a book by the one and only britney spears and her mother this is trash with nothing bar a reasonable performance from virginia madsen (i hope you got paid well) to save it. the story of a red neck country gill who wins a scholarship in a prestigious music school is little but a vehicle to pedal ms spears pants music to the consumer and to generally agree that low brow must be the way. there is nothing good going on here with all the beats as predictable as night following day. never ever again.

first of all, this plot is way overdone - girl wants to make it, everyone loves her, snobby girl intervenes, all looks lost, girl pulls through, everyone loves her again etc. throw in the fitting in thing, an attractive male crushing on the heroine, plus single-parent troubles and it's so predictable that you can practically recite along with it.second of all, i really hate how they keep on dissing classical music. they send out the message that everyone involved in classical music is uptight and snobby and close-minded - in fact, i don't recall the quote exactly, but i remember at one point in the movie, holly says, "why do they have to be so uptight...so classical?" it's really insulting how label classical music in this way.third, i've went over it dozens of times, but the only reason that i can think of for making this movie is to promote britney spears. there just isn't any point at all.and oh yeah, while the actress who portrayed holly (i'm not sure whether that was really her singing or not) had a reasonably good voice, it wasn't as amazing as they were making it out to be - especially when she was belting. she was oversupporting the whole time.1/10 stars.

this movie is entertaining enough due to an excellent performance by virginia madsen and the fact that lindsey haun is lovely. however the reason the movie is so predictable is that we've seen it all before. i've haven't read the book a mother's gift but i hope for britney and lynne spears sake it is completely different than this movie. unless you consider ending a movie with what is essentially a music video an original idea, the entire movie brings to mind the word plagiarized.

it was a decent movie, i actually kind of enjoyed it. but the ending is so abrupt!! there is absolutely no closure and it leaves tons of loose ends. what happens after the concert? what happens with her boyfriend? does she hook up with grant? does she come beck in the next semester? and what about angela? obviously holly's performance would knock angela down a few pegs, but nothing is shown to indicate how she reacts. there is so much left up in the air and it's very unsatisfying. i don't know if it is trying to leave room for a sequel or something, but it is a terrible ending and i think that it really makes the movie a joke. i was very disappointed.

can any movie become more naive than this? you cant believe a piece of this script. and its ssooooo predictable that you can tell the plot and the ending from the first 10 minutes. the leading actress seems like she wants to be barbie (but she doesn't make it, the doll has more acting skills).the easiness that the character passes and remains in a a music school makes the phantom of the opera novel seem like a historical biography. i wont even comment on the shallowness of the characters but the one good thing of the film is madsen's performance which manages to bring life to a melo-like one-dimensional character.the movie is so cheesy that it sticks to your teeth. i can think some 13 year old britney-obsessed girls shouting "o, do give us a break! if we want fairy tales there is always the brothers grimm book hidden somewhere in the attic". i gave it 2 instead of one only for virginia madsen.

i actually liked this movie until the end. sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. until the end, that is. for her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has struggled to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? no. she tortures and butchers the great sensuous habanera from carmen and turns it into an utterly forgettable brittany spears-wannabe pop song. my ears bled! and, in the supreme moment of horror, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! any teacher not in a spears-induced fantasy would have failed her on the spot. save your time, save your ears - skip this movie!

being a music student myself, i thought a movie taking place in a conservatory might be fun to watch. little did i know... (i had no idea this movie was based on a book by britney spears) this movie was implausible throughout. it's obvious that whoever wrote the script never set foot in a conservatory and doesn't know a thing about classical music. let me give you just a few examples: 1) there is no way anyone would be admitted to a classical conservatory with no classical training whatsoever! just having a nice pop voice isn't enough, besides, that's a different thing altogether - another genre, different technique. it's like playing the violin when applying for a viola class. 2) how come the lady teaching music theory was in the singing jury? if she wasn't a singing professor herself, she would have no say in a situation like that, and if she was a singing professor, why weren't we told so? 3) being able to read music is a necessity if you're to major in music. 4) how did angela get a hold of that video tape? that would have been kept confidential, for the jury's eyes only. now either she got the tape from one of the professors or the script writers just didn't have a clue. i wonder which... 5) the singing professor gave holly the carmen song saying she "had the range", which she clearly did not. yes, she was able to sing the notes, but carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while holly's voice seemed to be much lighter in timbre, not at all compatible with that song. 6) worst of all: not only does the movie show a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it doesn't even try to hide it. the aria that angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact which is painfully blatant at the recital, where it is cut short in a disgraceful way - mozart would roll over in his grave. the habanera from carmen sounded a bit weird at times, too, and the way it was rearranged at the end just shows how little the producers really think of classical music - it's stiff and boring but hey, add some drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as britney spears! i know these are all minor details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little research. anyhow, i might have chosen to suspend my disbelief had the characters and the plot been well elaborated. but without that, i really can't find any redeeming qualities in this movie except for one: it's good for a laugh.

here we are: two travelers from a distant futuristic world arrive on earth... one is on a desperate mission to preserve a life, another is an inhuman killing machine determined to eliminate the woman who will give birth to the saviour of an entire race.so what could we call this killing machine? it's almost like he's some kind of destroyer, or eradicator... sort of like an exterminator or something. what's the word i'm looking for... something that -terminates- things? hmmmm....anyway, the protector (who swiftly doffs the white tunic he stole from luke skywalker in favour of local clothing) finds the young woman first and impregnates her with a future-born hero-to-be. the evil uhhhh... "exterminator" kills some rednecks and steals their guns and clothes, then attempts to locate the woman by visiting her workplace and asking around by looking menacingly into people's eyes and repeating her name threateningly.then begins a desperate race for survival as the seemingly deathless and unstoppable "exterminator" pursues the couple across the countryside. at some point he may acquire boots and a motorcycle, but i'm not sure.perhaps, in an exciting finale, he will attempt to crush them under the wheels of an enormous tanker truck full of... acid. then the truck will crash. they will be saved... but no! he will then re-emerge, as strong as ever. he will kill the protector and pursue the girl into a meat packing plant, where in a terrifying finish, he is pushed into a large piece of industrial chopping machinery, and destroyed once and for all.but maybe i'm extrapolating too much... after all, i did stop watching this movie after mr. protector magically impregnates sean young by kissing her at a bar, then tells her the child will be born in 3 days. the costumes and effects are great in this movie... i loved them the first time i saw them on star trek: next generation too! sean young does another great turn as an unemotive replicant, and career sweat-hog stephen baldwin is also on board as young's fat cop boyfriend. not sure where he fits into the plot though... maybe he's an import from a different james cameron movie?

schizophreniac: the whore mangler is another example of what happens when you get a bunch of untalented people together to make an "extreme" horror film. any sort of acting, production, storyline, fx, etc...go out the window in an effort to create "shock-value". now don't get me wrong - i consider myself a connoisseur of "shock" films, and the sleazier/gorier/nastier the better - but it's still nice to see some sort of talent from someone involved in the film.schizophreniac chronicles the life of harry russo - a drug-addicted freak-show who takes orders to kill from his ventriloquist's dummy, rubberneck. he goes on a few sprees killing hookers and other random people, and screaming about how much he hates "hoo-uhs" (that's "whores" for those of you that don't speak new york-ese...) and how he wants to rape them in the ass. there are a few weak necrophilia scenes, very little gore, and some nudity to mix things up a bit - but nothing that you haven't seen in a better film...the only redeeming thing that i can find in this retarded film are the often (unintentionally?) hilarious screaming-fits from our main man, harry. he goes on-and-on-and-on about wanting to kill everyone and do them in the ass, and it really becomes quite comical after a while. in fact, i'm almost tempted to believe that there's supposed to be some sort of homo-erotic undertone to this film, with all the ass talk and constant shots of harry running around with his dong hangin' out. in all honesty, that joker is nekkid more in this film then the few chicks that show some t-and-a (and some full-frontal, for good measure). schizophreniac is mildly amusing as a 1-time watch, but i can really only recommend this to those that want to be able to say that they watched a film called schizophreniac: the whore mangler. to be honest - the title, by far - is the best thing about this trash...a generous 3.5/10

there are bad movies, then there are the movies that are so bad, that they become almost art. this is one of those films. my partner and i are still both kind of shell shocked, you know, staring off into space and drooling! you can tell that the people involved (i hope they changed their names to protect themselves) were having a blast, and they definitely weren't shy. i give this one a three out of ten just because of the gratuitous smut and really bad gore effects. i laughed out loud during most of the movie, so i guess you could say that it showed me a good time. beware viewer, the above words in no way construe that this is a good film, because it is not. all i can say in my defense, is that it was impossible to pass up a movie with such a great title!

i was interested to see the move thinking that it might be a diamond in the rough, but the only thing i found was bad writing, horrible directing (the shot sequences do not flow) even though the director might say that that is what he is going for, it looks very uninspired and immature) the editing could have been done by anyone with 2 vcrs and the stock was low budget video. i would say that it wasn't even something as simple as mini digital video. there are some simple ways to fix a film with what the director has, like through editing etc. but it is obvious that he just doesn't care. there is as much effort put in to this movie as a ham sandwich. it could be made better, but that would mean extra work.

director ron atkins is certifiably insane. this ultra-low budget film chronicles a few days in the life of one harry russo (john giancaspro, who also co-wrote), a nut-job who receives a rubberneck doll from his bitch girlfriend. he starts to take orders from the doll to take massive amounts of drugs, rape and kill, not always in that order. what starts off as being a balls-to-the-wall exploitation film, well stays like that, but it gets very repetitive very fast. i'm leaning more toward the certifiably insane. it is hard to forget once seen though. kinda like if tom green ever did a horror film.my grade:f eye candy: laurie farwell gets fully nude; jasmin putnam shows tits and bush anti-eye candy: seeing john completely naked repeatedly

a "friend", clearly with no taste or class, suggested i take a look at the work of ron atkins. if this is representative of his oeuvre, i never want to see anything else by him. it is amateurish, self-indulgent, criminally shoddy and self-indulgent rubbish. the "whore mangler" of the title is an angry low budget filmmaker who murders a bunch of hookers. there is a little nudity and some erections, but no single element could possibly save this from the hangman's noose. the lighting is appalling, the dialog is puerile and mostly shouted, and the direction is clueless. i saw a doco on american exploitation filmmakers during the recent fangoria convention. atkins was one of those featured. he spoke like there was something important about his work, but after a viewing of this, i see nothing of any import whatsoever. there is no style, either, and the horrible video effects (like solarization) only enhance the amateurishness. not even so bad it's fun. avoid.

whoever made this movie must have done it as a joke. i mean, this was the stupidest movie i think i have ever seen!! a killer snowman terrorizes a small town? give me a break. love it when he takes off driving the cop car. more like a comedy than a horror movie. if you want a laugh, rent this. if you truly want a horror movie, stay the hell away from this one!!

this movie, no correction, this thing, this abysmal abomination from the burning pits of hell should have been killed before it even left the writer's head. i could not possibly come up with enough adjectives to describe this movie. but let's try anyway. horrible, bad, nauseating, tasteless, crap, vomit inducing, gut wrenchingly bad, hideous, nasty, putrid, there just aren't enough words in the english language! the "plot" involves a serial killer who becomes a snow man. don't ask how, not important. the killer snowman runs about killing people. how, you may ask, can a snowman kill someone? in tasteless ways that make you want to remove your eyes if only so you don't have to endure that styrofoam snowman anymore. in ways that make you want to fill your ears with hot wax so you do not have to endure his snow puns anymore. don't watch this movie! destroy it on sight! for the sake of your very soul don't watch it!

this movie may be the worst movie i have ever seen. basically it is right above leprachaun 5, the only difference is that it missing ice t. the scene where he does the chick with the carrott...priceless. oh yeah they made a second one, genius

this is the crappiest film i have ever seen but in all fairness it's watchable and rather funny. i don't think the film-makers intended it to be your typical hollywood blockbuster quality. it's just a stupid film about a serial killer who gets doused in a load of toxic waste causing a reaction with him and the snow (as it's the middle of winter). he then turns into a killer snowman which is enough to to make you laugh on it's own. this film is really stupid but it's funny. the killings are hilarious.i wouldn't advise you to go and buy it (like i did -the cover looked good!)but if it happens to be on tv one night and you're up for a laugh then stick it on.

i am so happy and surprised that there is so much interest in this movie! jack frost was my introduction into the films produced and distributed by a-pix entertainment, and without exception, everything this company deals with is pure crap! first, and this is very important, never ever watch this movie sober! why would you? unlike many other entertaingly bad movies, this one i feel was made intentionally bad. i just can't get over how fake the snowman is, which is why its always shown only briefly, the way it moves is the best! this movie is waaaaaaaaaaay better than the michael keaton piece of crap, becuz that was made too be a good movie, and that version is as bad as this.

jack frost, no kids it's not the warm hearted family movie about a dad who comes back from the dead in the form of a snow man. it's about a sadistic killer named jack frost who is sprayed with some acid fluid and is morphed into a killer snow man. i happened to catch a copy of this movie so i could have a nice sit back and laugh at it. a killer snow man? ha, sounds like the perfect comedy/horror movie! well i was wrong, very wrong.jack frost is about a killer who is being transported via truck to jail so he could fry in the chair at midnight. but it's a snowy night and it collides with a government tanker carrying a new dna fluid. jack escapes only to be burnt to death by the acid and morphs into a killer snowman. he returns to the small town of snowmonton where he was caught by a small time sheriff. here he is ready to kill again, now as a snow man with cooler powers. he can condense into water, shoot out ice cycles as spears, and grow killer fangs. the only question is, who can stop frost? this movie is below the typical b-movie line. the movies begins cheesy but as soon as jack is burned by the acid, it quickly drops below the cheese line and goes flat. the acting for one is appalling! here we have a whole cast of unheard of actors who either can't act, can act but has a pointless character, or is just here for a few extra bucks. the only good actor is scott macdonald who plays jack. he looks like a young richard kiel combined with frankenstein. sadly his appearance is only reduced to three minutes and all we ever see of him is his new snow man form and his wise cracking voice. plus his wisecracks are anything but funny. groaning, stupid, and bad.the plot is horrible! throughout history there have been numerous murderers. a killer in a hockey mask, a killer with a razer glove, a chainsaw wielding moron, a rapid st. bernard, but now we stoop to a tacky killer snow man? oh come on! and the way the characters are introduced are terrible. for one i really wanted jack to kill the sheriffs son, i mean giving his dad oats with antifreeze in them so they won't freeze? all the characters are dumb and pointless and the deaths are to cartoony. one woman in strangled with christmas lights and has her head smashed into a decoration box and a girl is humped to death in the shower (where is the carrot in that scene eh?).and to top of this horrible movie is the special effects. the first big special effect we have is jack's dna mixing in with snow and boy is it terrible. i mean it looks like a 60's fashion of art design, pu! jack looks fake as well. he looks like a person covered with rubber snow man skin. all the blood and gore is cheesy and the film never takes off with greatness but instead stoops to low levels.jack frost is one of the worst slasher movies ever made. i thought it would be a riot but no! it doesn't try to be funny and it actually tries to be scary. jack frost gets 4 out of 10, it at least made me laugh from it's awfulness. don't even bother with this piece of trash. jack frost= d+

a serial killer dies in a snowstorm and gets mutated into frosty the snowman's evil twin. then goes on a killing spree. interesting plot. sounds scary. and it is scary. if you're five years old. otherwise, it's kind of cheesy. i saw it on cable and i'm glad i didn't pay money to see it. it has all the charm and style of a low-budget movie which may become a cult film. i'm sure it has a loyal fan base somewhere. i'm just not in it. even though i didn't like the movie as a whole, there were some scenes i found amusing. such as the bathtub scene and the post-explosion scene with the picasso reference. it was also enjoyable to watch the many ways the heroes try to kill jack and he just doesn't seem to want to die. in short, "jack frost" is a good low-budget b-movie comedy, but a bad low-budget b-movie horror.

boy this movie had me fooled. i honestly thought it would be a campy horror film with absolutely no humor in it whatsoever, boy i got the cold shoulder that time. this movie was, and i'm truthful, pretty damn good. it was not scary at all but the campiness and the sly humor really mad this movie interesting. some to the horrible acting and cliché killings were so painful to watch, i almost laughed at how bad it was, but to some extent i enjoyed it. the killings all vaguely relate to snow sports and christmas, which made things more intriguing. the pov camera angles were awesome.the movie is about a viscous killer who dies in a car accident collision with a chemical truck while being transported to prison. he is later resurrected in that very same chemical with snow spliced into the mixture. these were the ingredients chosen to make the perfect killer snowman. he than takes his revenge, as the snowman, on the police officer who convicted him.this movie had such bad acting, with the exception of christopher allport, that is was funny. i will say that i am also pretty disappointed that this movie was not a horror, but in fact a dark sitcom. they had a great story with a good plot but it wasn't executed right. all in all i like the movie at first but now it is really annoying. but this movie is way better and darker than the sequel.

the 1998 michael keaton kiddie comedy of the same title was roundly condemned for it's, um, shoddy special effects, but compared to what screaming mad george cooked up for this horror comedy they're positively mind-boggling. the killer snowman seems to be made out of styrofoam and his arms look like oversized oven mitts. which they probably were. the cast lays it on thick in this parody of dozens of other (much worse) movies and paul keith as the town doctor is particularly memorable in a small but hilarious role.

you know what kind of movie you're getting into when the serial killer main character is being transported to the electric chair (in what seems to be a bakery truck), only to have the prison vehicle collide with (and i'm not making this up) a genetic engineering tanker truck. the goo which spurts forth melts him, and fuses his dna with the snow, creating our protagonist, the killer snowman.my favorite portion of the movie, however, is an over-the-shoulder shot of the snowman thrashing some poor schmuck, in which his hands look suspiciously like a couple of white oven-potholder gloves.mmmmm, schlock...

it's not just the plot alone that makes this movie an instant turn-off for bored audiences. it's the terrible direction with a horrible script and mistakes left and right that makes this too agonizing to watch. i'm sorry but i do not see the 'fun' in this. just the thrill of pointing the many mistakes and stupid one-liners. well i'm wondering how dumb the directors think of their producing company when this movie was first introduced. probably as dumb as that sheriff who dove into the pickup truck full of antifreeze with a gaping bloody wound. oops! did i forget to mention this sheriff's not only a poor actor but also can shrug off an impalement with a load of antifreeze drenching the exposed flesh? i guess he kind of forgot when he won a not-so-thrilling victory over the snowman.

and this movie has crossed it. i have never seen such a terrible movie in my life! i mean, a kid's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled? a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible? this was a pitiful excuse for a movie.

i may not be a critic, but here is what i think of this movie. well just watched the movie on cinemax and first of all i just have to say how much i hate the storyline i mean come on what does a snowman scare besides little kids, secondly it is pretty gory but i bet since the movie is so low budget they probably used ketchup so my critical vote is bomb!!! nice try and the sequel will suck twice as much.

well what can i say, there are b-grade movies and there are b-grade movies and this definitely falls into the latter. however since it's obvious that even the makers of the film know that it's not a credible movie (take a look at the closing credits) it can be forgiven.the plot is basically a convicted psycho killer is killed. he accidentally has his genetic material mixed up with some experimental acid that get combined and then lost in the snow. the killer now takes on the form of a snowman - if you can believe that. the snowman, jack frost, is after the country town sherif who put him behind bars. in doing so, jack frost ends up killing half the town.this movie lacks any real scares and the effects alone remind me of the b-grade movies of the 50's. this alone makes it worth watching for a laugh. a movie to pass the time away.

a cheap exploitation film about a mothers search for her daughter who has been kidnapped by people who make snuff porno films. the trail leads the mother all over europe as she searches for her child and we in the audience struggle to stay asleep.this is one of the countless soft-core sleaze films that are made for people who want the excitement of porno with out the stigma or danger of it showing up on their credit card bill.personally i'd rather have the stigma since those films tend to be more interesting and honest about what we're seeing. this is suppose to be a sexy thriller but its not. mostly its people talking about things followed by lots of walking from place to place and lead to lead.periodically through out the film various people get undressed and everything has more than a touch of s&m to the proceedings. the violence and fetish material is of the sort to provoke laughter rather than horror or even excitement, its all so incredibly fake. worse there is not even enough nudity to keep it interesting. (basically par for the course for many of these films)you'll forgive my lack of details but it simply is a dull boring film that i stayed with to the end hoping for something remotely prurient to occur, but there was nothing. the most interesting thing was the blonde haired villainess with the huge over bite and nose the size of a buick. i watched her with morbid fascination wondering what she had looked like as a young girl and wondering whether she had had plastic surgery, not the type of things you should be thinking about in a gripping thriller.avoid.

unfortunately the only spoiler in this review is that there's nothing to spoil about that movie.even if b. mattei had never done any master piece he use to do his job with a bit of humor and craziness that made him a fun eurotrash director. but for the last 10 years he seemed to have lost it.this film is just empty, nothing at all to wake us up from the deep sleep you sink into after the first 10 min.no sex, no blood(it's suppose to be about snuff?),no actors, no dialogs, just as bad as an 90't.v film.it's even worse than his last cannibals and zombies epics.so rest in peace bruno, you will stay in our minds forever anyway, thanks to such unforgettable gems as:zombi 3, robowar,rats, l'altro inferno,virus, cruel jaws and few others.so except if you want to see b mattei possessed by jess franco's spirit's new film, pass on this one.but if you don't know this nice artisan's career track down his old films and have fun.

this film is terrible. every line is stolen from 8mm (the italian dubbed version, at least). if you like trash... real trash, give it a try; but beware: this ain't the "so bad it's good" kind of flick. in its cheapness, it may really look like a porno but, believe me, if you're looking for "snuff", s & m, hardcore, softcore... or even an ordinary erotic thriller, go find something else in store! i'm telling you this, 'cause the absolutely uninspired and unconvincing shooting, acting, plot, dialogues (the only good lines, as i said before, are the ones they stolen from joel schumacher's 8mm!) will bore you to tears in a few minutes and the "happy ending" is absolutely revolting! i'll give it one star: a half for the sudden shot in the back scene, after "the eyes of the victim" monologue (stolen from 8mm as well) and a half for mom & daughter's sexy bodies (that didn't manage to keep me completely awake while watching this turkey, anyway!)

veteran sleazeball bruno mattei is at it again with this erotic thriller that clearly echoes joel schumacher's 8mm. but, as expected, mattei does his movie on a minuscule budget - so that it already looks obscure when it's newly released.after her daughter gets abducted, a mother enters the dark world of underground pornography, because the kidnappers belong to an international organization that direct snuff films as long as the exclusive clients pay well. the search for her daughter does not only lead the mother across europe, but also into prostitution. she goes to bed with some guys to get her clues. when she finally reaches contact with the snuff organization lead by the mysterious doctor hades, she's getting into great danger herself.there is not much good to say about this one, even though it starts promising. problem is that the movie is by far not as sleazy or explicit as one might expect from the director who made films like blade violent. snuff trap (which was first released in russia!) is neither gory enough nor does it contain the amount of nudity and sex to really keep the viewer's attention. the plot isn't that special either, except maybe for the surprisingly many different locations throughout europe. the ending is hugely disappointing. the acting isn't really remarkable either, except for anita auer who plays doctor hades: she looks and acts extremely creepy. you don't want to meet her like this in a dark alley (or your bedroom, for that matter).all in all, snuff trap only appeals to collectors of bruno mattei's films. but it's good to see the man back on the helm again: it was his first thriller since 1994's giallo gli occhi dentro.

i used to always love the bill because of its great script and characters, but lately i feel as though it has turned into an emotional type of soap. if you look at promotional pictures/posters of the bill now you will see either two of the officers hugging/kissing or something to do with friendships whereas promotional pictures of the bill a long time ago would have shown something to do with crime. this proves that it has changed a lot from being an absolutely amazing police drama to an average type of television soap. when i watch it i feel like i'm watching a police version of coronation street or something similar. i have to say i still like the bill as i'm interested in police work and that type of thing but i really miss the greatness that the bill used to have. i want to rate it as 2 out of ten because you have to admit it has been totally ruined by the people who took the bill over.as for the script and characters they have both gone downhill, most of the great characters are gone now (although a few still remain i think) and i'm not saying that the newer characters are poor or anything because they definitely aren't, its just that they lack the tough looks, personalities and script lines that all of the old characters used to have because most of the new ones are at the moment involved with silly relationships and family trouble.overall being one of the only police programs on television these days, the bill will always be a crappily interesting thing to watch, but like i say it has lost a lot of its uniqueness (if thats the right spelling) and would now be classed as a terrible, unreal television soap.recommended to watch for a good laugh over the stupidity of the police officers involved - 2/10

despite the lavish production numbers and wonderful costumes this film is a chore to watch. the murder-mystery plot is just a vehicle to mount the musical numbers on but it often brings the proceedings to a staggering halt besides not being very involving. although there has obviously been a lot of money spent on them the numbers are badly staged and poorly photographed. it's obviously a pre-code film because the girls often wear very little clothing and there's even a song singing the praises of marijuana! the performances are all one-note although it's nice to see carl brisson in a musical but when victor mclaglen, as the police lieutenent, lurches into view for the umpteenth time on the hunt for clues, you may want to throw in the towel or at least fast-forward to the next number. pity the patrons who were trapped in the cinema on its release though!

be warned. this movie is such a mess. it's a catastrophe. don't waste your time with this one. i warned you!the acting, story, dialogue, music... basically everything is so over the top, it's absolutely annoying and ridiculous. it made me want to throw up (if the dialogue/acting/story wasn't doing it, it's everyone being shot crooked). you'll feel like you're watching a comedy. the problem is, the parts that are supposedly funny isn't even funny. the acting, story, cinematography, you can feel everything is just trying waaaay too hard -- but it never succeeds. practically every shot is canted, but so what?! this movie just feels like a student film. no wonder they shot this in hd because it would be a waste to spend more money to shoot this on film.if you're easily amused or like poor acting, writing, editing, directing, full of clichés, everything that's forced in your face, oh and did i mention poor acting? (well, actually, it's not all the actor's fault - it's the director!) then i guess you'll like this movie.i had to watch this for a class. i would have turned it off right away if i could. if you still can't tell by now, i hated this movie. it made me want to throw up and get my time back... at least i didn't have to pay for this garbage.jeff goldblum, you know... the guy from jurassic park/independence day, is in this movie but he sure went downhill from then -- accepting roles for movies like this catastrophe.

you must be kidding!!!! let's entertain the possibility that parker posey is really an actress, and not just some entry in the "quirk of the month club" of actors. really, unless this is meant to be a tongue-in-cheek satire on david mamet-- terse, confusing dialog delivered alternately in machine gun rapidity or monotone (think ben stein) blandness--or a flat out dry comedy; this film has got to be in the running for a rotten tomato award---or worse.as if the stiff and uncomfortable posey weren't enough, we've got the stiffer and even more uncomfortable jeff goldblum. there's more wood in this film than a toothpick factory.adding to this already bizarre casting, are several other roles, all populated by forgettable actors, who look or sound like escapees from america's next top model, don pardo, or even the kid, who pronounces the word "been" like "bean", which just brings our attention to the fact that there is so little to like about this film, we are analyzing his accent to guess if he's canadian or not!! i think i laughed heartily in places that are supposed to be serious, and took seriously sections that are meant to be humorous. even the soundtrack sounds like a caricature of alarik jans music for mamet's "the house of games". if taken as a spoof, the film is almost droll; if taken seriously, just a self-conscious piece of drek.

i have been a fervent hal hartley supporter since i saw his short "surviving desire" in high school, and even then was still completely unmoored by his searingly brilliant "henry fool." but this 10-year-later sequel is not only unnecessary, it's disgraceful.after a choppy and expeditious start, "fay grim" devolves into pseudo-intellectualism, flat out boredom, and finally unwarranted - and unwanted - nihilism. and that's just the plot.the majority of the new faces are as frivolous and poorly-developed as the movie: one particularly flat character ends up hogging half the time we spend with the infamous henry fool himself, and it's his only spoken scene in the film!jeff goldblum's agent fulbright, it seems, is the only bright character (a pun surely intended by hartley as well). how, then, is he left? **spoiler** dead via a car bombing, easily making this the gentle-natured hartley's most violent film to date, and tonally all wrong in a film that's already all wrong from the word go.as for the other new characters, angus james, ned fool (or is it grim?), not to mention fay herself... well, i won't spoil their fates, as the movie does a good enough job of that all on its own (when it isn't busying itself with yet another godawful canted angle, which gives the disconcerting impression that hartley is moving backwards from auteur to crappy film student).this piece is a complete disaster, a dreadful mess that isn't even good-humored enough to revel in its messiness. instead it self-indulgently crams the typically fun hipster pretenses of its director into the "real world", one uglier and meaner than it need be but not nearly ugly or mean enough to come close to having anything to say. in doing so, hartley tracks sh*t all over my memories of these people and the marvelous world he originally created for them.i have rarely been so depressed at the movies, and i'm counting "leaving las vegas," which at least developed fresh new characters we grew to love before destroying them, instead of immediately disregarding characters already beloved.grim, indeed.

first off, i really loved henry fool, which puts me in a very small pool of movie goers. parker posey is one of best actresses on-screen today. but this film was a full-out travesty. watching hartley and the actors talk about the film in the extras - so full of pride, and making pointless analogies to star wars - was stomach-turning. this was hype on the producers part (hdnet) realized to the max. a true example of the emperor and his new clothes. mostly i feel that hal has spoiled henry fool forever. i don't think i can ever see it again in it's pure, innocent light.remember hal, you can fool some of the people some of the time... etc. the director would be nowhere today if all he did was churn out meaningless garbage. sadly, it's a pure example of the lesson taught in the film adaptation. the story must be exciting and active, or its box-office hopes are dim indeed. never mind a decent story. for the actors, it was like trying to act in a straitjacket.the score, i believe hartley's, is tasteless. with drum hits walking all over dialog. there was one apple soundtrack loop i recognized that gave me a smile.when i saw the trailer, i thought, oh, they're just trying to grab a new audience. but it's really this ridiculous ride. i'd be happy to spoil this movie for you, but it's been done. it's rotten. the fool franchise is dead. long live henry fool.

this is a low-budget spoof of the espionage genre. to help frame your expectations, you should know that: (1) the acting is wildly heavy-handed. the stars are having great fun delivering their lines with excessive eye movement, frequent hand gestures, and off-key pacing. (2) the script deliberately lacks continuity and plausibility. oftentimes lines are abruptly jarring and humorous because they have absolutely no relevance to previous plot elements. (3) shots are frequently framed in off-balance angles, poking fun at genre excesses. (4) a pop-eyed jeff goldblum delivers complex and classically preposterous dialog in a winningly sarcastic manner.the film has a guiding intelligence, deliberately starting with a plot element stolen from the b-films of the 1930's: a secret code with a structure that would defy explanation by carl sagan. the film's over-the-top acting is used mostly for comic effect during the first 90 minutes. in an early running gag, fay grim's son ned is so frequently told to leave that you can't help chuckling while feeling sorry for the lad. parker posey's nicely choreographed fall from bed also helps set a humorous tone early in the film.the film's slow pacing does not enhance the comedy elements or the drama elements that later emerge. the film's impact as drama is significantly lessened by the early comedy. moreover, it is hard to be overly involved with the characters and their fates when the early portions of the film are so sarcastic. the musical score is intentionally heavy handed, and i found this (and the off-kilter camera angles) more irritating than humorous.the over-the-top acting, the implausible and nearly incomprehensible plot of conspiracies/counter conspiracies, and the slow pacing will grind on many viewers. the movie is much too long at 158 minutes.that said, fans who are receptive to the film's sarcasm might want to watch again ... using closed captioning to best catch the intelligent ridiculousness of the dialog. the film was too slow for me and the sarcasm felt more heavy-handed than light-hearted. but, the comedy may well appeal to your tastes. the film is worth a view for those who enjoy independent films, fans of director hal harley, or devotees of parker posey (who has the most camera time).

this is a horrid disaster of a film. from beginning to end, it's filled with bad acting and even worse direction and editing. the only redeeming parts of the film are a few numbers by streisand, because the kristofferson parts are impossible to watch or listen to. the main problem of this film is that we never see kristofferson's character at his peak or streisand's character struggling. the first should be seen in decline and the second rising. the final streisand number _could have been_ one of the greatest finales in film, if it was directed and edited properly. the single framed shot of her face for the duration of the song was a terrible mistake. had the band, audience and wide shots of the stage been shown, this number could have been dynamic and interesting. this film must have been directed and edited by an nyu film school dropout. the only thing worse may be the wretched screenplay. the final musical number is the only redeeming part of this film, and even that is botched completely by misguided technical decisions.

rock star john norman howard (kris kristofferson) turns lounge singer esther hoffman (barbra streisand) into an overnight singing star. esther's star rises while john's goes into decline, thanks to drugs and alcohol. after about two hours, john does the self-destructive-red-converible-160-mph-crack-up-on-a-desert-highway thing. the best thing about this movie is the music, especially the song, "evergreen." barbra streisand sings well, but you can't take her seriously as an up-and-coming star, when she is *already* a star. the very first time she appears, singing in a back alley bar, she looks like an established singing star who is slumming for the night, not like a struggling unknown who is trying to launch her singing career. she is too confident, too professional. her apartment looks like a page out of "apartment living," not some hole-in-the-wall apartment where a real struggling singer would live.kris kristofferson handles the self-centered, out-of-control rock star role like...well, like a singer who is trying to be an actor but doesn't have much acting talent. the direction is tepid, the story is slow and dull.but the worst thing about this movie is not the acting, or the lame direction, or the slow story. it's the hair! after staring at kristofferson's and streisand's awful 70's hairdos for 2+ hours, your eyes hurt.

really an amazing pile of pap! a predictable, slow moving, soul destroying, mind numbing movie to which, slitting your own wrists with a rusty bread knife seems... well, almost necessary.the acting is over done for the thin dialogue, every scene is at least twice as long as it needs to be, the intricate details of how this career is collapsing or that career is rising is just far too dreary and mundane for words. the music would be good if you didn't have to sit through the movie, but really, three good songs is not enough reward for the effort required to watch the movie.watching this film i prayed to god for narcolepsy or for someone to shoot me.never, ever, ever again.

so i had heard from a few people that this film had brought them to tears in the theater. as i watched it for the first time i was expecting another romantic, tear-jerking barbra streisand film; something like the way we were. i was certainly wrong. the chemistry between the two main characters, esther hoffman and her john howard, was nonexistent, making it impossible to get attached to the characters. there wasn't anything romantic about it. streisand's character fell for an alcoholic drug addict who couldn't sing a single note without making me want to hit the fast-forward button. at one point her character finds her husband in bed with another woman and she forgives him about five minutes later. there's nothing romantic about a deadbeat rock star and a woman who can't seem to realize it until he actually dies. parts of the movie seemed to drag on and on, and i kept asking myself when it was going to end.the death of john howard was completely predictable. there was totally obvious foreshadowing of his reckless behavior early on in the movie, and when he died i felt no emotion whatsoever. it wasn't a tragic accident, it was him basically being an idiot. not to mention throughout the movie i was distracted by his hideous beard.the only parts of this movie worth seeing are the streisand songs. the ending of the movie when she sings "with one more look at you/watch closely now" was my reason for giving this film a whopping 3/10. those 7 minutes were the only part of the movie i actually felt an emotion other than irritation and anger.

to grasp where this 1976 version of a star is born is coming from consider this: its final number is sung by barbra streisand in a seven minute and forty second close-up, followed by another two-and-half-minute freeze frame of ms. streisand -- striking a christ-like pose -- behind the closing credits. over ten uninterrupted minutes of barbra's distinctive visage dead center, filling the big screen with uncompromising ego. that just might be some sort of cinematic record.or think about this: the plot of this musical revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars, yet, while streisand's songs are performed in their entirety -- including the interminable finale -- her costar kris kristofferson isn't allowed to complete even one single song he performs. nor, though she does allow him to contribute a little back up to a couple of her ditties, do they actually sing a duet.or consider this: streisand's name appears in the credits at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) -- and she also allegedly wanted, but failed to get co-directing credit as well. one of her credits was as executive producer, with a producer credit going to her then-boyfriend and former hairdresser, jon peters. as such, streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why it is so obsessed with skewing the film in her direction. what it doesn't explain is how come, given every opportunity to make the great diva look good, their efforts only make streisand look bad. even though this was one of streisand's greatest box office hits, it is arguably her worst film and contains her worst performance.anyway, moving the melodrama from hollywood to the world of sex-drugs-and-rock'n'roll, streisand plays esther hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom, who shares the fast lane for a while with kristofferson's john norman howard, a hard rocker heading for the off ramp to has-beenville. in the previous incarnations of the story, "norman maine" sacrifices his leading man career to help newcomer "vicky lester" achieve her success. in the feminist seventies, streisand & co. want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man, so the trajectory is skewed; she'll succeed with or without him and he is pretty much near bottom from scene one; he's a burden she must endure in the name of love. as such, there is an obvious effort to make the leading lady not just tougher, but almost ruthless, while her paramour comes off as a henpecked twit.kristofferson schleps through the film with a credible indifference to the material; making little attempt to give much of a performance, and oddly it serves his aimless, listless character well. streisand, on the other hand, exhibits not one moment of honesty in her entire time on screen. everything she does seems, if not too rehearsed, at least too controlled. even her apparent ad libs seem awkwardly premeditated and her moments of supposed hysteria coldly mechanical. the two have no chemistry, making the central love affair totally unbelievable. you might presume that his character sees in her a symbol of his fading youth and innocence, though at age 34, streisand doesn't seem particularly young or naive. the only conceivable attraction he might offer to her is that she can exploit him as a faster route to stardom. and, indeed, had the film had the guts to actually play the material that way, to make streisand's character openly play an exploitive villain, the film might have had a spark and maybe a reason to exist.but i guess the filmmakers actually see esther as a sympathetic victim; they don't seem to be aware just how cold-blooded and self absorbed she is. but sensitivity is not one of the film's strong points: note the petty joke of giving barbra two african american back up singers just so the film can indulge in the lame racism of calling the trio the oreos. and the film makes a big deal of pointing out that esther retains her ethnic identity by using her given name of hoffman, yet the filmmakers have changed the character's name of the previous films from "esther blodgett" so that streisand won't be burdened with a name that is too jewish or too unattractive. so much for ethnic pride.the backstage back stabbing and backbiting that proceeded the film's release is near legendary, so the fact that the film ended up looking so polished is remarkable. nominal director frank pierson seems to have delivered the raw material for a good movie, with considerable help from ace cinematographer robert surtees. and the film did serve its purpose, producing a soundtrack album of decent pop tunes (including the oscar-winning "evergreen" by paul williams and streisand). but overall the film turned out to be the one thing streisand reportedly claimed she didn't want it to be, a vanity project.

ok, people, honestly... this gotta be one of the worst movies about show biz that's ever been made, but i've been laughing myself silly (which may be why i enjoyed it). basically, it's all about sex, sex and a way to get your own personal 15 minutes of fame. did i mention that sex was a major issue in this movie? if you have a thing going for bizzzzare characters and easy entertainment, watch this movie when you get the chance (and don't have something better to do). ***attention spoilers!!!*** the funniest thing on the movie was the guy who asked jerry whether he could marry his goat (!) on the show and flashing his wallet with his love's pictures. a triple a for bad taste and fun!

i won't say this movie was bad, but it wasn't good either. i expected something good but i guess hum aapke hain kaun was much better than this. this was completely old fashioned. at every stage of this movie, i hoped for some twist and what do i get? the girl gets burned and wins her aunt's love. despite of being engaged, they have to take permission for every little move they make. they are so darn shy even after so many meetings. i expected the aunt to be much more brutal than that. all she did was crib madly. hey, we have kids too, but we don't watch them and have tears in our eyes always. this movie is a dream. happy family, one cruel woman, good in-laws and a man who loves her to death. in hahk anupam kher was the poor bride's father and now it's vice versa. and i somehow knew that mohnish behl would be in this movie. anyway i believe i wasted my time. i give it a 2/10.

i never like to comment on a good film but when it comes to a bad movie, i gotta come really hard on it. talking about vivah, this guy, sooraj badjatya, seems to have completely lost it. after success of hum aapke hain kaun, he thought he can make money with cheesy wedding videos. vivah is so so cheesy that badjatyas have left johars and chopras behind.there was not a single moment during the movie where i can say 'oh! at least this thing is good'. aloknath does cliché in a role of girl's father, shahid kapoor looks fat and shahrukhed, amrita rao is another disaster in addition to ugly looking sets, bad costumes, hackneyed storyline, monstrous stepmother, trying-hard-to-act actors, cacophonous background music, cheap soundtracks.now the spoiler, i'm warning you guys that as happens in all his other movies, after a calamitous incidence movie ends on a happy note.

in director sooraj barjatya's vivah,20-something delhi boy shahid kapur finds himself smitten by the demure, small-town girl his father has selected for him to marry. drawn to her innocence and simplicity, shahid agrees to the marriage barely moments after he's met her at her home in madhupur, and the young lady in question amrita rao seems equally floored by her charming suitor. the marriage is fixed for six months later, and the couple find themselves in the first throes of young, budding love, their geographical distance notwithstanding. but amrita, who's been raised by her uncle and her aunt after her parents' death, is struck by a horrible calamity just hours before the marriage. and then, it's up to shahid to play the honourable lover and to embrace her unconditionally.much in the same vein as hum aapke hain koun and hum saath saath hain, barjatya's new film vivah too is on one level a family drama with an extremely idealistic premise. but sadly, the plot of this new film comes off looking way too outdated, even more far-fetched than those regressive ekta kapoor soaps. and the problem is clear  you just can't relate to such squeaky-clean characters who don't have one bad bone in their bodies. there are many things that work in favour of and against hindi films, and timing is one such important factor. twenty-five years ago, perhaps the plot of vivah may not have felt like such a stretch, but today it just seems like the product of a mind stuck in a time warp. perhaps the film's only saving grace is the fact that it oozes sincerity from start to finish, you can make out right away that the filmmaker's intention is not to deceive. judging both by barjatya's previous films and by closely examining this new one you can safely declare that barjatya believes in a perfect world, he believes in his good-as-gold characters, he believes that large families can live together happily under the same roof without the slightest bumps.but alas, he's unable to translate his vision to the screen. it's difficult to overlook how one-dimensional his protagonists are  shahid and amrita, both virtuous and virginal  i mean, think about it, the first time they hold hands is an hour and twenty minutes into the film. barjatya may think he's returning to his maine pyar kiya roots with vivah, but truth is that the reason we embraced salman and bhagyashree in that film, or even salman and madhuri in hum aapke hain koun is because they had such fantastic chemistry. because although they were created out of the same mould as shahid and amrita in vivah, those pairs had mischief and masti. shahid and amrita are just insipid and boring.for a film that relies so heavily on music to narrate its story, the filmmaker chooses a string of 70s-style tunes that only further slacken the film's deadening pace. but if i had to choose just one reason to explain why vivah doesn't work for me, it's because i'm not sure i can relate to any of the characters who inhabit barjatya's story. to some perhaps, vivah will give hope, that a perfect world like this is actually out there somewhere. but i'm a little cynical i guess. so, give me the coquettish madhuri of hum aapke hain kaun, give me the bratty salman of maine pyar kiya, i'll even take that mischievous karisma kapoor of hum saath saath hain. but save me from these dullards. you know, some marriages aren't made in heaven. this one's vivah!

from a poorly contrived plot line that makes almost no sense to bad dialogue and disjointed scenes to the ultimate downer, bad acting (even peter falk can't find his way) "finding john christmas" is better left lost. ms. bertinelli's performance is without depth or emotion as are her co-stars, william russ as brother hank and david cubitt as love interest noah. jennifer pisana as soccoro, the daughter of single dad noah is almost unbearable to watch let alone listen to singing. but who can blame them with material like this. michael j. murray's script is juvenile at best. each year at this time i search the tv guides and wait anxiously for some of the really classic christmas and inspirational holiday films to appear on the small screen. films like "miracle on 34th street", ernst lubitsch's delightful "the shop around the corner" and, of course the 1951 version of "scrooge". there's frank capra's classics "it's a wonderful life" and "meet john doe". hey, forget the classics. what about "home alone" or " home for the holidays" with holly hunter and a great performance by robert downey jr.? my present to you is by way of advice. your time would be better spent searching out these films than finding "finding john christmas". merry christmas!

william russ is the main character throughout this made for tv movie. he left his family behind to only reappear and begin paying off his debts. but he tries to keep away from his family. thats where peter falk (colombo) comes in, playing several different roles, to convince him to come home.the story is average and they actually managed to get a former star (peter falk) and use him to a fairly nice degree. but william russ wasn't truly a star. however, it appears his acting is still ok.i found the delivery and story very cheesy in how everything was predictable. in fact, the last 20 minutes i could almost dictate word for word before it happened. a good movie should never be like that.overall, it was a sub-par movie. in a letter grading system, it would receive a "d".

i've seen about 820 movies released between 1931-39, and the informer is the worst major release i've seen from that time span. awful, despicable, unpleasant, unhappy, unredeemable saga of a complete loser. watch a 1934 b western instead.

well, i'll start by admitting i'm not a john ford fan. (i watched "the informer" only because i'm trying to work my way through a list of the "greats.") so if you are, just move along, 'cause you're not going to agree with me.what an overwrought and dated piece of silliness this is! i will say that there is a good idea for a movie here (it made me think about how few films there are about the irish revolution) but, as usual, ford is determined to bury it under over-acting and cheap sentiment. i suppose it's somewhat interesting to watch for a while in order to see the less-than-seamless transition that was being made from the silents to the "talkies" -- the acting styles of some of the principals have that overbroad quality endemic to early films and movie does feel as if it might play better with title cards than spoken dialogue. (of course, title cards would prevent ford from restating every bit of emotion six times.) what dialogue there is usually has a "they're always after me lucky charms!" quality that is aggravated by the fact that each actor seems to have been allowed to use his or her own personal version of an irish accent. of course, as bad as they are, the accents are helpful in reminding us we're in ireland because the sets mostly look as if they were dragged in from from some german expressionist piece being filmed on the next soundstage over. (it feels as if, with an eagle eye, you might see some villagers off to torch dr. frankenstein in the background.)techniques change. tastes change. so i won't go off on how crazy it seems that this film was so acclaimed in its day. but it's not one of the classics that hold up --- more just "fair warning" about the kind of over-simplified malarkey to which ford was going to devote his career.

this infamous ending to koen wauters' career came to my attention through the 'night of bad taste'. judging by the comment index i wasn't the first and i am not to be the last person in western europe to learn that this musician (undoubtedly one of the best on our contemporary pop scene, even the dutch agree on that) tried to be an actor. whether he should have made the attempt or not cannot be judged. in 'intensive care' he's quite likable, but he seems to be uncomfortable with the flick in which he is participating. no one can blame him. it deserves its ranking in verheyen's hall of fame by all means & standards. the story of the murderous maniac who is supposed to have died in an accident but is alive and wrathful has been told dozens of times before, and even without original twists a director can deliver a more than mediocre story through innovative settings and cinematography. ic contents itself with a hospital wing and a couple of middle class houses. the pace is dull. the tension looses the last bit of its credibility to the musical score, for every appearance of the murderer is accompagnied by a tedious menacing melody, followed by orchestral outbursts during the murders, which or largely suggested and in any case as bloodless as a small budget can make them. the sex scene is gratuitous but not in the least appealing. the couple from amsterdamned could have made it work, though. while dealing with the couple subject : the whole subplot between wauters and the girl does not work. a more effective emotional connection could have been established on screen if they had just been fellow victims-to-be, who loosen their nerves halfway through physical intercourse. i will not even grant the other cast members the dignity of a mentioning, for they should all have been chopped up into tiny greasy pieces. as a matter of fact, most of them do. the ones i recall where obvious for the genre : a pretty nurse and two cops. hence, in a slasher, the cavalry only comes in time to need rescue itself. the (anti-) hero has to take out the villain, mostly through clever thinking, for former red berets don't often get parts in these films; they might overcome the illusion of invincibility that surrounds the killer. translated to the events, wauters kills the doctor and saves the dame in distress. no people, i am not finished. this is not how the story goes. wauters makes his heroic attempt but gets beaten up with a fury that comes close to "a clockwork orange", so it is up to the girl to pick up the driller killer act and pierce through the doctors brains. though this method ensures the killer's death more than the usual rounds of 9mm bullets, the doctor survives in order to enable ic to reach the 80 min mark.i should have made my point by now. intensive care is a bad movie, which can only be enjoyed by bad taste lovers, who can verify verheyen's catchy statements and make some up for themselves and that way try to sit through it. for example, the (unintended) parody value of the doctor's clown mask (halloween) and the final confrontation in the park (the chase at the end of friday the 13th).however, let me conclude by giving an overview by a few measly elements which give ic a little credit. george kennedy is not one of them. all he has to do is endure a horrible monologue by a fellow doctor/french actor and look horrified when they let him go down in flames in order to tag his big name on a stand-in. he could have played his naked gun part again, to end up as beef, but with a longer screen time. the finale may be one of them. i had never seen a maniac being brought down by launching fireworks into his guts in order to crush him against a flexible fence. it is good for a laugh.name one good truly point about intensive care ... koen wauters learned his lesson and devoted himself entirely to his musical career. it makes me wonder how many editions of the paris-dakar race he has to abort before coming to his senses.

"intensive care" by dorna von rouveroy is easily one of the worst horror movies ever made.this extremely cheap dutch slasher flick offers some gore and plenty of absurd situations.a horror veteran george kennedy is completely wasted as as professor bruckner.the acting is abysmal,the action is slow and the climax is laughable.a famous surgeon has a car accident.he lies in a coma seven years and then he wakes up and goes on a bloody rampage."intensive care" is clearly influenced by american slasher films including "halloween" and "friday the 13th" series.the killings are hilarious and the dialogs are painfully stupid.still if you are in the right mood you can give this piece of trash a look.you'll laugh until it hurts with this one-you can believe me!

the silent one-panel cartoon henry comes to fleischer studios, billed as "the world's funniest human" in this dull little cartoon. betty, long past her prime, thanks to the production code, is running a pet shop and leaves henry in charge for far too long -- five minutes. a bore.

koen wouters is a flemish singer and presenter. in the early ninety's he tried his hand on movies as well. but this unbelievable piece of junk ended his acting career once and for all. it also ended the acting career of dutch actress nada van nie who went on being a football-wife a tv presenter and program-maker. i actually did see this in an ( almost empty) theatre because i used to be a fan of the band of koen wouters, clouseau. i so regret spending money on it. it looks cheap, it is a terrible story and it is executed bad in every possible way. some people think it's so bad it's funny. i am not one of them. i just found it an incredible waste of time and money.

i thought "intensive care" was quite bad and very unintentionally funny. but at least not as bad as i thought it might be. sometimes it's somewhat suspenseful, but never a good shocker.spoiler aheadthe fun lies in ridiculous moments. but the all-time classic moment is this: peter (koen wauters) is stabbed and beaten by the killer. he lies moaning in the corner of the hallway. amy (nada van nie) kneels beside him and asks "poor peter, shall i get you a band-aid?".this movie was shot in dutch and english. to spare costs, all license plates are usa, and the background in the news studio is a skyline of manhattan. very funny if you're dutch and watching the original version in dutch.

i don't know why i keep doing this to myself!! i keep on defending the dutch and belgian cinema and claim that it should get more credit and chances...and then they smack you around the head with junk like this! intensive care is a terrible production and probably the worst thing that was ever made in the dutch-speaking countries. it's a dutch attempt to create our very own horror franchise, clearly based on mainstrain american slasher classics such as friday the 13th and halloween. the producers and writers aimed really high with this, but fell really low. intensive care became an embarrassing product to everyone who was involved and therefore a true cult flick here. it's almost impossible to hunt down an original copy of this and it's only showed on special occasions, like "the night of distaste". for exactly 5 minutes, intensive care tries to tell a story and even to create a plotline...then it changes into a lame and low-brain slash 'n stalk movie with gruesome - yet very hilarious and cheap - make up effects. the acting of the entire cast is abominable, even though there are a few respected names involved. the leading male role is played by koen wauters...this guy might as well be the most famous and loved artist in belgium. he's a beloved singer, host of tv-shows and idol of many young girls. he never ever mentions this thing he starred in, though. like everybody else in the netherlands, he's trying to convince himself intensive care never happened.

this is not just a bad film, it's one of the worst films ever. it's so bad that i found it to be quite enjoyable. the acting, oh my god, the script, you gotta be kiddin'. how can you imagine the writer coming up with things like: - a kid who makes fireworks in school, fireworks so powerfull, that when someone gets hit by it, they fly a hundred yards backwards and explode. -a girl is trapped in the celler, the killer is trying to break open the door. she gets a drill, but the wire isn't long enough. she first makes an extension cord, oh the horror, and then, when she's done, she drills through the door and drills through the head of the killer. wow - and there are plenty more examples like that. oh yeah, and what happened to george kennedy, he used to be great (thunderbolt and lightfoot/cool hand luke)

beyond a shadow of a doubt mysterious planet is one of the worst movies ever made, yet retains an affection in my heart because the poverty of its special effects and astoundingly awful sound track in the first 15 minutes (and to be honest that's all you need to see) combine to create something that is hilariously side-splitting.the opening scene in 'space' is just about as unfathomable as cinematography gets, as washing-up liquid bottles whiz past your eyes to muffled dialogue. before you've had time to work out whether it's you who's gone mad, the credits roll and the action struggles to life.and aside from the double-headed plasticine giant snail that terrorises our heroes, you also get the added double bonus of having both the original actors voices and the dubbed voices at the same time. pure genius.the sad thing for fans of this kind of fare is that i've only ever seen one copy, so the chances of ever seeing it yourself is highly unlikely. perhaps i own the only copy in existence.

this is blatantly a futuristic adaptation of jules verne's "mysterious island". the sound editing is pretty bad. you hear the dialogue on set and you hear the voices being recorded on a recording booth at the same time! this is an amateur film with actors from boston and shot around new hampshire. for those living in new engalnd and who is reading this comment will be wowed with a capital w. this film is full of flaws. you get to hear the director's voice giving directions and giving out directions to the actress. "ok now stand up." as for the other characters. there is this guy who talks with his mind instead of his voice and this blue alien. the alien guy talks with a deep voice. when he is yawning or grunting when he is fighting you hear the actor's voice. as for the special effects, man! this was brett piper's early work for crying out loud! the creatures are good but the animation is jerky. really jerky. sort of like karl zeman animation in journey to beginning of time (1955). the special effects are imaginative. thge music is good. bottom line, this film makes equinox or planet of the dinosaurs look like a ray harryhausen epic. did you know mysterious planet was a home movie and was on a shoes string budget? a must watch for aspiring film makers.

it was 9:30 pm last night at my friend's camping trailer and we were so hyped to watch south park (a new episode). the thing is, in my country, south park airs at 10:30 pm and we decided to kill time by watching the show now airing, father of the pride. i'll start by saying that i have only watched to episodes. the first time i watched it, i found it unfunny and crude for nothing, so i thought ''holy sh*t, i have a football game early tomorrow, so i have to stop watching stupid cartoons''. but yesterday, i tried to give father of the pride a second chance. i find that it's a complete rip-off of the simpsons, only replacing yellow human characters by lions instead.the second thing is i wonder why it got it's tv-14 rating. i find the simpsons a lot more vulgar, and the only real vulgarity in this show is a few homosexual (unfunny) jokes. the simpsons is also a lot more violent (halloween specials) and crude. i also heard that the creator of the series has also directed shrek 2, well i've got news for him: shrek 2 was way better and i think he stayed too much in the family thematic. however, i must admit that father of the pride did make me smile (even burst out laughing once) three or four times.all in all, i don't mind father of the pride. i don't hate it, but i don't like either. i've seen way better from ''the simpsons''.3.5/10

when will the hurting stop? i never want to see another version of a christmas carol again. they keep on making movies with the same story, falling over each other in trying to make the movie better then the rest, but sadly fail to do so, as this is not a good story. moralistic, old-fashioned, conservative happy-thinking. as if people learn. the numerous different versions of this film prove that we don´t.

saw this movie in my english class this afternoon and was surprised by how bad this version was. don't get me wrong, george c. scott was terrific as scrooge, but the rest of the cast fails so very badly. sometimes i couldn't stop laughing at the stupid acting and the repeated line: "merry christmas to everyone!" other times i almost fell asleep.the movie is based on a charles dickens short story about a rich guy, who don't think christmas is nothing but humbug. after 30 minutes, the rich guy is visited by three ghosts, who persuade him to celebrate christmas after all.i can not understand how this movie, with a script so bad it must have been written in five minutes, can be so well-rated. instead of this piece of garbage, i recommend to you, the bill murray comedy scrooged. that at least, was funny...

having seen three other versions of the same film, i am afraid for me this is by far the weakest, primarily due to scott's rather dull and leaden performance. his emotions throughout are so bland it makes it difficult to engage in the film. alistair sim portrayed the role infinitely better. when scrooge was at his meanest, you don't get the sense scott is saying the dialogue with much conviction and when he undergoes his metamorphosis he is similarly unconvincing. i cannot think of any actors in this film who match those from the alistair sim version. even the musical version (and frankly the muppets) take on this are better executed. very disappointing.

i was sooooo excited to see this movie after finally reading the book this week. my 13 year old son was looking forward to it too. i rented it and snuggled down to enjoy a classic holiday story brought to life on screen.boy, was i disappointed. this movie veered off from the book more times than is forgivable. george c. scott is an excellent actor but in this, it seemed that he was fully into character only about 20% of the time. the rest of the time he was quite flat.i realize that this was made in '84, pre-cg effects, for the most part. but it looked to be very b-movie quality, especially the encounter with jacob marley.the biggest disappointment was the fact that they left out one of the most moving parts of the story: when the spirit of christmas present takes scrooge on the whirlwind tour of the world, observing people in the bleakest of circumstances still having the light and love of christmastime.i will admit that mr. scott did a good job with the "reformed" scrooge at the end. that was a refreshing portrayal.i wish that bob cratchit had been portrayed as a little more ragged and down-trodden. and tiny tim... oh don't even get me started on bad child actors...

uninspired direction leaves a decent cast stranded in a handsome but bland adaptation, in which dialogue seems recited rather than heartfelt, and cash strapped appearances by the ghosts fail to round up any sense of awe or magic; edward woodward, as the ghost of christmas present, wobbles around on stilts and seems to be doing an impression of bernard cribbins. as scrooge, george c. scott is too wry, and he never seems to truly believe in it, which robs his performance of its effect. the scenes in which he's shown his past have as much impact as if he was half-heartedly flicking through his family album. no one else seems to be putting any effort in, except frank finlay, who chronically overacts.

the premise of the movie has been explained and if you've gotten this far you don't me to pretend that i'm a movie critic. with that being said my own opinion of the movie is quite low. i'm a fan of takashi miike but this goes down in the category of his not so great work along with doa 2 and 3, and some others (many).the movie seems to get a free pass because it is a takashi film and nothing takashi does can be wrong. this is a highschoolers approach to cinema. for the rest of us we'll find and hour and a half of a kid screaming for no real reason completely annoying (and yes, this does take away from the film), the pace of the film almost reaching levels of rigomortis, and the acting...well...hmmm. if one is a takashi fan you'll see it regardless to peak your interests. it lacks any originality (see the neverending story) or any character development from the lead character in the face of conflict other then a quite superficial one. as it has been pointed out this is the first film miike has been credited with co-writing, but that doesn't mean much as non of what we'd hope would be miike's personality would spill over into the screen. all we get are some of the token miike shots vis the director of photography.the movie had the potential to be something great. the premise is not a difficult one to run wild with. but this one seemed to have been run into the ground.my suggestion is if you're just getting into miike is go with some of the standards like gozu, ichi, and audition. then movie into his works like blue's harp, fudoh, rainy dog, bird people of china.

ah, bait. how do i hate thee? let me count the ways. 1. you try to be funny, but are corny and unenjoyable; every joke is predictable and expected, and when it comes, does not inspire laughter. instead, i want to hurl. 2. you try to be dramatic, but are unbelievable; the woman overacts to a terrible degree, and the "bad guy" looks like bill gates, and is about as scary as...well, bill gates. (just try to imagine bill gates trying to intimidate somebody with a gun. doesn't work, does it? a lawyer, maybe, but not a gun. doesn't fit.) as for jamie foxx, well, just watching him try to deliver a dramatic and heartfelt dialogue is ludicrous, and makes me want to hurl. 3. you try to be action-packed, but instead are dull and dragging too many times. and when the action heats up, the tripod for the camera must have been lost, for the scenes wobble more than those in the blair witch project, and i find myself nauseated, and once again i want to hurl. 4. you try to be a good movie, but you failed, you failed, you failed! i would rather walk barefoot across the sahara with a pack full of beef jerky and no water, no sunscreen, and only meryl streep for company. this hell would be lovelier than a single minute more spent watching everyone in bait overact their way through an idiotically written story with bill gates for a bad guy, and let's not even talk about the massive bomb that goes off in a car that jamie foxx's character has just driven off a cliff, but somehow manages to escape...just kill me now, or do the right thing and promise me that somehow i'll never have to watch a movie that is this bad, ever again.

are you familiar with concept of children's artwork? while it is not the greatest picasso any three-year-old has ever accomplished with their fingers, you encourage them to do more. if painting is what makes them happy, there should be no reason a parent should hold that back on a child. typically, if a child loves to paint or draw, you will immediately see the groundwork of their future style. you will begin to see their true form in these very primitive doodles. well, this concept of children's artwork is how i felt about fuqua's depressingly cheap and uncreative film bait. while on all accounts it was a horrid film, it was impressive to see fuqua's style begin emerging through even the messiest of moments. if you have seen either training day or king arthur, you will be impressed with the birth of this director in his second film bait. while foxx gives a horrid, unchained performance, there are certain scenes, which define fuqua and demonstrate his brilliance behind the camera. sadly it only emerged in the final thirty minutes of the film, but if you focus just on those scenes, you will see why fuqua's name appears on so many "best of" film lists.i will never disagree with someone that fuqua's eye behind the camera is refreshing and unique. his ability to place a camera in the strangest of places to convey the simplest of emotions is shocking. i am surprised that more of hollywood hasn't jumped aboard this bandwagon. even in the silly feature bait, you are witness to fuqua's greatness. two scenes that come directly to mind are the explosion scene near the middle of the film and the horse scene close to the end. in both of these scenes i saw the director fuqua at work. alas, in the rest of this film, all i saw was a combination of nearly every action film created. the likable hero down on his luck that suddenly finds his life turned around by some unknown force is a classic structure that just needs to die in hollywood. we have seen this two often, and no matter who you are (unless you are charlie kaufmann), you cannot recreate the wheel. it is just impossible with this genre, and it is proved with bait. i was annoyed with fuqua for just sitting back and allowing this to happen, which could explain why it took me three viewings to finish this film. i was just tired of the structure, and while i hoped that fuqua would redefine it, he did not.then, there was the acting. while jamie foxx has never impressed me as an actor, i was willing to give this helmed vehicle a try. i wanted to see if he could pull off another dramatic role similar to collateral. i was under the impression that perhaps this was the film chosen to show producers that foxx could handle the role in collateral. again, i was disappointed. foxx was annoying. not in the sense that it was the way that his character was to be, but in the sense that it felt as if neither fuqua nor foxx took the time to fully train foxx on what should be ad-libed and what should be used to further the plot. instead, we are downtrodden with scene over scene of foxx just trying to make the audience laugh. adding second long quips and culture statements just to keep his audience understanding that he was a comedian first, an actor second. fuqua should have stopped this immediately. foxx's jokes destroyed his character, which in turn left me with nothing solid to grasp ahold of. instead of character development, he would crack a joke. neither style worked, no joke was funny. the rest of the cast was average. by this i mean i have seen them all in similar roles. they were brining nothing new to the table, nothing solid to the story, and nothing substantial to the overall themes of the film. they were pawns filling in dead air space. fuqua had no control over this mess, and the final verdict only supports that accusation.overall, this was a sad film. with no creativity in sight and unmanaged actors just trying to upstage themselves, what originally started as a decent story eventually sunk faster into the cinematic quicksand. foxx was annoying, without character lines, and a complete bag of cheese. in each scene i saw no emotion, and when emotion was needed to convey a message, he chose to take his shirt off rather than tackle the issues. are my words harsh? i don't think so. when you watch any movie you want to see some creativity, some edible characters, and themes that seem to hit close to home. bait contained none of these. while i will give fuqua some credit for two of the scenes in this film, the remaining five hundred were disastrous. apparently, i took the bait when renting this film, but now having seen it, hopefully i can stop others from taking that curious nibble.grade: ** out of ***** (for his two scenes that were fun to watch)

what? is jamie foxx supposed to be funny?does he really believe he is funny?well, it's funny watching his confidence in being funny.the man has no identity whatsoever...i mean you can immediately see who his idols are, denzel washington and martin lawrence, because he tries really hard to imitate them in most of his movies.the only problem is that he does it bad, uneven, and what comes out are some parts where he somewhat looks like denzel, with that macho-s**t attitude and then abruptly goes to being martin lawrence, the funny and clumsy-silly comic. there's no personal touch to all that, i mean he contributes nothing to the personality he tries to sell, and i'm sure he has nothing to say personally. he really is mr. dull-boy in person.i was really hoping hollywood, and the black community in america would find somebody better to launch into super stardom, like don cheadle for example, but perhaps the pathetic jamie better represents the generation that remixes the old.

this is the least scary film i have ever seen. how the blob manages to eat anyone is the biggest mystery of the film. the blob moves so slowly that an o.a.p in a zimmerframe could escape it. the blob has a large slice of luck coming across a typical horror film woman who instead of running away stands still for half an hour so that she can be eaten. if you havent seen this film i recommend you do, its far too funny to be taken seriously.

when a small glob of space age silly putty lands on earth it soon begins consuming earthlings and putting on weight. the only part of this senseless drivel that i enjoyed was all the cool classic cars. this dog had so many holes it could be sliced and sold for swiss cheese. this thing actually made 20 million bucks? and mcqueen's salary was 3k? all were vastly overpaid. the 'monster' looked a lot like a large beanbag and the 'teens' looked as though they could have children approaching their teen-age years. and those blasts from the shotgun; sounded like a pellet rifle with a sound suppressor. the ending was pitifully trite; obviously the producers were leaving the door open for a sequel....and there were many. thumbs down.

the blob starts with one of the most bizarre theme songs ever, sung by an uncredited burt bacharach of all people! you really have to hear it to believe it, the blob may be worth watching just for this song alone & my user comment summary is just a little taste of the classy lyrics... after this unnerving opening credits sequence the blob introduces us, the viewer that is, to steve andrews (steve mcqueen as steven mcqueen) & his girlfriend jane martin (aneta corsaut) who are parked on their own somewhere & witness what looks like a meteorite falling to earth in nearby woods. an old man (olin howland as olin howlin) who lives in a cabin also sees it & goes to investigate, he finds a crater & a strange football sized rock which splits open when he unwisely pokes it with a stick. laying in the centre of the meteorite is a strange jelly like substance which sticks to the stick, if you know what i mean! it then slides up the stick & attachés itself to the old man's hand. meanwhile steve & jane are quietly driving along minding their own business when the old man runs out in front of steve's car, steve being a decent kinda guy decides to take the old man to dr. t. hallan (alden 'stephen' chase as steven chase) at the local surgery. dr. hallan says he doesn't know what the substance on the old man's hand is but it's getting bigger & asks steve to go back where he found him & see if he can find out what happened. steve agrees but doesn't come up with anything & upon returning to dr. hallan's surgery he witnesses the blob devouring him. the town's police, lieutenant dave (earl rowe) & the teenage hating sergeant jim bert (john benson) unsurprisingly don't believe a word of it & end up suspecting steve & his mates al (anthony franke), tony (robert fields) & someone called 'mooch' miller (james bonnet) of playing an elaborate practical joke on the police department. however as the blob continues to eat it's way through the town steve sets about finding proof of it's existence & convincing the police about the threat it posses not just to their town but the entire world!directed irvin s. yeaworth jr. & an uncredited russell s. doughton jr. i was throughly disappointed by this, the original 1958 version of the blob. the script by kay linaker as kate phillips & theodore simonson is an absolute bore & extremely dull not making the most of it's strongest aspects. the blob focuses on the tiresome dramatics & conflicts between the teenagers & police, in fact the majority of the blob is spent on steve trying to convince the police of the blob's existence. for most of the film the blob itself almost seems inconsequential & somewhat forgotten. it only has two or three scenes for the fist hour & a bit until the less than exciting climax when the adults & teenagers have to work together to defeat the blob & have a new found appreciation of each other afterwards, yuck! why couldn't the blob just eat the lot of 'em? no explanation is given for what the blob is or it's origins other than it came from space, how long did it take them to come up with that? the dialogue is clunky & silly as well, as are people's actions & decision making, i love the part when a nurse named kate (lee paton as lee payton, did anyone use their real name in this thing?) is confronted by the blob, she throws some acid over it & calmly proclaims "doctor, nothing will stop it!", how does she know 'nothing' will stop it exactly? there's no blood or violence so don't worry about that, the special effects on the blob itself aren't too bad considering but it barely has any screen time & moves very slowly, a bit like the film in general actually. the acting is terrible, mcqueen is supposed to be a teenager when in reality he was 28 years old & it shows, he looks old enough to be his own dad! same thing goes for most of the other 'teenage' cast members & everyone generally speaking are wooden & unconvincing in their roles. technically the blob is very basic, dark static photography, dull direction & forgettable production values. the blob is one of those films that probably sounds good on paper & is well known as being a 'classic' but is in actual fact a huge disappointment when finally seen. this is one case when the remake the blob (1988) is definitely better than the original. the original blob is slow & boring & the remake isn't, the original blob contains no blood or gore & the remake does, the original blob has incredibly poor acting & casting decisions & the remake doesn't & the original blob itself gets very little screen time eating only three or four people throughout the entire film & the remake features the blob all the way through & it virtually eats an entire town. the choice is an easy one, the remake every time as it's a better film in every respect. i'll give the film two stars & give that wonderful main theme song one on it's own. definitely not the classic many seem to make out.

i'm a big fan of 50s sci-fi, but this is not one of my favorites. while the concept behind the movie was a natural vehicle for a classic teeny bopper sci-fi flick, the director counted too heavily on it to carry the movie. it's clear he was working with no money, because the entire movie is loaded with bloated dialogue that goes on and on forever. i have *never* seen so much time-killing in a movie.there are probably less than 60 seconds of "blob footage" in the entire movie, and most of the rest of it is people engaging in a lot of poorly-written, run-on dialogue. it was fun to see steve m. and anita c. together, but good heavens...how could casting have thought anyone in their right mind would believe them as teenagers?

for the big thinkers among us, "the intruder" is a maddeningly incoherent movie from france that gives so-called "art films" a bad name. the story is something about a bitter old coot, louis trebor (michel subor), who goes searching in tahiti for a heart transplant, but beyond that, i have no idea who any of the people in the movie were or why they were doing what they were doing. with no coherent storyline to boast of, the movie loses us early on, though i'm perfectly willing to admit that there might be somebody out there who actually gets some deep message out of this film. this muddled, snail-paced drama runs a full two hours and five minutes - though i seriously doubt anyone with any kind of a life will still be hanging around by the closing credits.

claire denis's movies seem to fall into one of two categories: the violent and bloody or the quiet and intimate. "l'intrus" definitely falls into the first category, but it's not so awful as "trouble every day" or "j'ai pas sommeil."now, ever since i saw "chocolat," i've made it a point to see every new movie denis makes. and i have always been disappointed. "l'intrus" was no exception. she has yet to make a movie as personal and as moving as her first one. you get a lot of the denis regulars: an older but still magnificent béatrice dalle who seems to be in the movie only to show off her full lips, the gap between her teeth, her ample cleavage, and a couple of nice coats; the black guy from "trouble every day" and "j'ai pas sommeil," grégoire colin, and that lithuanian or russian girl. michel subor's character was interesting enough, but the camera lingered on him at such length that i got annoyed by that curly forelock of hair hanging over his forehead and was relieved when, somewhere in korea, i think, he finally got it cut. there was certainly some action--gruesome murders, a man's search for a son--and there may even have been a plot, but one viewing wasn't enough to figure it out, and two viewings are, i fear, out of the question. for one thing, the score was jarring and obtrusive (as in "beau travail"). for another, the seasons changed too abruptly, leaving you even more confused about what was going on. oh, there were a few pretty shots, and if you liked "friday evening" with its shots of the folds in heavy drapes and bedsheets, you might appreciate the aesthetics of "l'intrus." otherwise, steer clear. i saw this movie in french and it's possible i missed something crucial. but the dialogue in a denis movie rarely amounts to more than five pages, double spaced and with ample margins. in "chocolat" the silence is sublime; in "l'intrus," it's just dull.

i would like to say that unlike many of the people who disliked this film and found it impossible to understand i was fully able to understand it for what it is.. a very incoherent attempt at a plot line.i don't like to toss this word around but in this case it fits very well. the director firstly presents the material in an extremely "arrogant" way and worse, extremely incoherently. it is incoherent in that it presents the material in a messy dislodged order, making us think that the director was too drunk to remember which scenes come first, and arrogant in that at 2 hours long they expect us, the viewer to care by the end of it.i respect surrealist cinema for what it is. (creating a story around a more than real world that does not tie to real life) but there is nothing surreal about having a story placed in ordinary modern times, and a modern day earth setting, that is most importantly not able to engage the audience but furthermore, simply a dislodged series of events that barely tie together. the most accurate way to describe the experience of viewing this film is like viewing a story; perhaps even a very good story as it was based on a book, but being frustrated by the fact that the camera doesn't seem to capture the necessary moments and tie together any means of coherence.let's compare stylistic cinema. compare gaspar noe's "seul contre tous" to this. he gave us a coherent, extremely engaging and intellectually deep story. this movie offers no intellectual study, and while it is very stylistic in it's fragmented presentation, the director has ultimately abandoned the essential art of good storytelling and all we are left with is a mess of events that barely tie in together.yes indeed it is possible to make sense of things.... to a point. but as i said earlier the viewer will reach a stage where they simply say "who cares." it plays out like watching a drab mundane story of a man going to a supermarket and buying groceries in uncronological order. even with murders it is completely uninteresting and unengaging. too many people these days will give high marks to something they are unable to understand or make sense of simply for fear of looking foolish, and in every way this film tries to make the viewer look foolish.if you have too much time on your hands, then please watch this film, taking into account what i have said of it. it is a story based on a book that could have been presented in a much more effective way and that is my bottom line reasoning.

chesty gringo telly savalas (as frank cooper) is a us-mexico "border cop". he serves as a father figure to young immigrant danny de la paz (as benny romero), who wants mr. savalas to be best man at his impending wedding. savalas is tough, but boss eddie albert (as commander moffat) may be tougher. tough is what you need to stop smuggler michael v. gazzo (as chico suarez). alliances may be in flux.if you find the possibility of hearing "kojak" and "oliver douglas" uttering expletives to be repulsive, you ought to steer clear of "the border". if not, you may not have the stomach for the "realistic" cow slaughtering scene. although it doesn't end up being worth much, mr. de la paz and cecilia camacho (as leina) steal the show. ** the border (1979) tony richardson ~ telly savalas, danny de la paz, eddie albert

considering its pedigree, this should be a far more enjoyable film than it is. even with a lip-smacking collection of eccentrics in the cast - what aficionado would not eagerly anticipate a movie which brings together lemmon, lanchester, kovacs and gingold? - the entire event is dully paced, drearily shot and, more often than not, witless.kim novak's gifts were not essentially comic, as she went on to confirm in kiss me stupid. james stewart was a fine comedian, as he ably demonstrated in movies from ranging from the philadelphia story to harvey. i think he comes out better from this mess than anyone else does. except maybe the cat.

this oddity in the new doris day collection doesn't really need to be included as she is only in the film for less than 30 minutes. what she does do however, is shine when she's on screen. the near plot less movie is just an excuse to showcase some warner contract players of the day. jancie rule shows promise and it's a shame she didn't become a big star. ruth roman handles the role of the "go-getter" with aplomb. better if this was in color. the travis air force base locations with some rear projection work well. what's best about the movie are some wonderful musical interludes. if you enjoyed thank your lucky stars and hollywood canteen you'll like this one.

it's nothing more than a weird coincidence that i decided to watch starlift on the 59th anniversary of the day in june 1950 when president truman's ordered us forces into the korean war. starlift, you see, is set largely at travis air force base in california in the years when it was being used as a staging post for soldiers being shipped out to fight in korea. but you'd need to do your own research to know this because not once during the film is the name 'korea' mentioned. we see transport aircraft flying out fresh troops and returning with wounded soldiers but there's no mention of where these men will be fighting or getting injured. which is kind of weird for a film designed to wave the flag and salute america's men in uniform. released in december 1951 by warner brothers, starlift is a very obvious effort to replicate the success of the studio's star-studded world war two home-front morale booster "hollywood canteen." this 1944 crowd-pleaser told the story of two soldiers spending their last three nights of leave hanging out at the famous armed forces nightclub in la hoping to get a date with joan leslie. but really it was just an excuse for warners to trot out every star under contract, from joan crawford, john garfield, and barbara stanwyck to peter lorre, bette davis, sydney greenstreet and more. starlift features two air force soldiers hoping to meet fictional starlet nell wayne (a mask-like janice rule) and persuading a bunch of warner bros stars to put on a show for the departing troops. but in place of crawford, garfield et al the best the brothers warner could scrape up in 1951 were doris day, ruth roman, gordon macrae, virginia mayo, gene nelson and phil harris with fleeting appearances by james cagney, randolph scott, and a clearly embarrassed looking gary cooper. this threadbare cast, whose combined star power would struggle to illuminate a standard lamp, is perfectly matched by the crummy production values. presumably in an effort to save money several long scenes were shot using really really bad back projection. how bad is it? you can see the join where the screen meets the floor of the soundstage! to describe starlift as a sloppy, lazy and third rate movie is to do a disservice to films which are sloppy, lazy and third rate. it's just terrible. avoid it.

actress ruth roman's real-life philanthropic gesture to help entertain troops arriving from and leaving for the korean war at an air base near san francisco jump-started this all-star warner bros. salute to patriotism and song. many celebrities make guest appearances while a love-hate romance develops between a budding starlet and a painfully green and skinny air force corporal (ron hagerthy, who looks like he should be delivering newspapers from his bicycle). seems the corporal has fooled the actress into thinking he's off to battle when actually he's part of a airplane carrier crew, flying to and from honolulu (you'd think she'd be happy he was staying out of harm's way, but instead she acts just like most childish females in 1950s movies). doris day is around for the first thirty minutes or so, and her distinct laugh and plucky song numbers are most pleasant. roman is also here, looking glamorous, while james cagney pokes fun at his screen persona and gordon macrae sings in his handsome baritone. jane wyman sings, too, in a hospital bedside reprise following doris day's lead, causing one to wonder, "did they run out of sets?" for undemanding viewers, an interesting flashback to another time and place. still, the low-rent production and just-adequate technical aspects render "starlift" strictly a second-biller. *1/2 from ****

whoa boy.ever wanted to watch a documentary about a megalomaniacal jerk ruining his own life and alienating everyone around him? well they exist, in many forms. but have you ever wanted to watch said documentary about one who didn't ultimately succeed in doing anything despite everyone's praises about how much of an artistic "genius" he is? well you could probably just grab a camera and find someone like that in any local scene (i know they're everywhere and i don't even follow the local scene), or you could save yourself the trouble by spending money watching this tripe.the premise is good and, honestly, it's not as if the filmmakers knew precisely where it was going considering that's one of the difficulties of doing a documentary. we are made to follow two bands, the brian jamestown massacre, lead by anton, and the dandy warhols, lead by courtney. i've heard of the dandy warhols before watching this movie... not so the brian jamestown massacre. why? well from this documentary's perspective, because the brian jamestown massacre's intergroup dysfunction refused them the ability to really make it in the music industry. however, instead of this becoming an analysis of the two separate bands and how one was able to succeed, the focus becomes much more on anton and his insanity.because, see, anton is a "genius." because he plays rock music. he really "understands the evolution of music"... because he plays rock music with a lot of different instruments. his music is considered "post-modern retro but the future"... because it's rock music. he wants to bring out a "revolution"... through rock music. okay so let's face it... twenty minutes in and this is one of the stupidest kids i'd care to watch a documentary about.the documentary itself doesn't really lend itself to showcasing any of anton's talent, because in the nature of editing down 2000 hours of material into a quarter short of two hours we don't really have the time to focus on that. so instead we watch anton, "the genius", the socio-maniacal loser, be a jerk for the two hours and are just told to understand that he made really great music. whether he did or not i won't know, because its not like the documentary had enough time to prove it. what i do know is that then we're left with a story about some self-centered obnoxious twerp running around the country calling himself a god of music and doing nothing to back it up. why even bother watching that? people like anton don't deserve the attention they seek, the hope and admiration of all those different people, and especially a post-failure paean to lost potential. this movie plays like a two-hour rough-cut vh1 special for a reason: he goes on and on about the music, but it's all about the image and the attention. look at the guy, look at how he dresses, look at how he acts, look at how he tries to create controversy because he can't afford marketing.honestly the only interesting character in this film is joel, and that's because of anyone in this documentary, joel is the only person who seems to have any fun. maybe it's because he's the tambourine man. the rest of them are all "rock stars"! they deserve our attention, and admiration, and interest, and engagements! they are out there to "save rock and roll." do you remember when the white stripes were supposed to "save rock and roll"? yeah, that was because of anton, and it's "selfish of them not to mention me (anton) as an inspiration." what a load. people like anton are best left forgotten. this documentary explains why mainstream music is so dull--because music execs have to deal with people like anton for a living and ultimately can only really throw their support behind someone safe and passionless. thanks a lot, anton. your antics ruined music for everyone you touched, whatever the opinion to the contrary is. and if people "in the know" about anton disagree and he really was a genius, it still shows how bad this documentary is that it cuts it down that way.--polarisdib

truly bad and easily the worst episode i have ever seen....ever.they tried to make up for it by giving it the, 'we know we are doing this' routine. that would have been funny if it weren't for the fact that 'the simpsons' had already done it. and it still wouldn't make up for it if they had come up with the idea in the first place.the flashbacks took place as part of the usual character's (mainly j.d's) fantasies. the flashbacks weren't even of actual events that occurred, just compilations of say, j.d falling over or, i don't know.... elliott falling over. if i wanted to watch a scrubs compilation i'd go on youtube and not waste half an hour of my life.scrubs has ultimately fallen into the trap that most sit-coms have to, and it disappoints me, they managed to go 5 and a quarter seasons without an episode like this. i was hoping that scrubs wouldn't have to be that kind of sit-com.and just as a passing thought, why the hell was dr.cox bald?

when 'my deja vu, my deja vu' aired last season, i was pleased. scrubs, i thought, is doing something clever and unique in regards to the clip-show concept. instead of replaying footage, they're replaying jokes in a self-aware manner, and i really enjoyed it.i found it really unfortunate that i was wrong. one season later, they succumbed to that which almost all sitcoms inevitably do, the clip show...and it looked like it was put together by the work-experience kid. dr cox's shaved head shows just how lazy the editors were in putting it together, as it doesn't appear again until 'my long goodbye' some 4 episodes later. i can't imagine that a wig is too much effort when it comes to maintaining the continuity of what was once a well-constructed sitcom. who knows why it was slotted there, it just seemed lazy and out of place, reminding me (largely) of episodes that have aired within the past year.three second clips jammed together with background music is a dvd extra for a (very) rainy day, not an episode of prime-time television.

i debated as to whether or not i should tick the spoiler box. since 99% of this show has probably already been seen by any follower of scrubs it probably doesn't come under the category of a spoiler.clip shows. grrr. we all knew friends was going down the tube when they started with clip shows...and five and a half years into scrubs they've gone and fallen down that hole.i have to wonder if the writers just couldn't be bothered writing that week and just said to themselves "let's show the other funny stuff." it didn't work.for starters, showing all the times that people have fallen down isn't funny when taken out of context. it's not funny to see todd dangling by his banana hammock unless we know why he was dangling by his banana hammock.second, for what was supposed to be a compilation of jd's fantasies, one was turk's dream, another also wasn't his fantasy, although i forget which.and that's the problem. this episode is totally forgettable. we've seen all these things before. and the collection of clips of people dancing? why? that's not funny.finally, i must admit two of my favourite scrubs moments were shown in the last compilation...dr. cox realising that ben died...and jd telling him how proud of him he is.but even seeing those moments again didn't save the episode. the summary says it all.worst episode ever. bill lawrence, please don't let your show go the same way as friends, keep it fresh, keep it funny...or wrap it up.

but, lets face it... it got a few nostalgic sighs out of me.the show is just so consistently great that it is allowed to have a few hiccups. i get a new season, and just power through them like i have 2-days to live. i like the idea of wrapping it up, but it was much more of an end of season episode which would explain the following:dr.cox isn't supposed to be bald for a couple more episodes, only explanation i can think of is they changed the rotation of the episodes or had to re-shoot the beginning.and that my friends, is why the hell cox is bald.anyways, the show is awesome...bring on the 7th season.

i thought it was not the best re-cap episode i've every seen (though my viewing partner handed me a tissue in anticipation of the brendan fraser moment...*sigh*). it was nice to see cox outside of the incessantly brittle "coxism state" he is in these days, if only for brief moments. i also enjoyed trying to place the episodes included by the length of the character's hair (or height, in case of jd) and the youthfulness of the earliest episodes. i can also see how zach might be well on the way to a very chevy chase/or is that matthew perry? prat-fall induced chemical slide (already acknowledged on conan). a little side note, the song (now stuck in my head) from the janitor-induced dance montage was "diner" by martin sexton.

the only reason i am commenting is because i finally figured out why dr. cox was bald. although we probably all realized it at the same time this week, dr. cox is bald because they showed these episodes in a different order than they filmed them. the latest episode when our favorite grumpy, jesus-loving nurse roberts dies dr. cox shaves his head. the must have showed them out of order for some odd reason and forgot they slipped up the continuity. for shame, scrubs. they've made mistakes like this before. i remember when elliot is trying to date scott foley and her hair is wet 2 seconds before water hits her. i try not to notice these things, but my favorite show needs to step it up.

there are no spoilers in this review. there's nothing to spoil.no plot, nothing; most clip shows at least try to tie the clips into the plot by some tenuous stretch, but this didn't even do that. clips, three lines to lead into the next interminable sequence of dull clips... ok, so perhaps they were short on production time, but they'd have been better off skipping this episode entirely. what a waste of time.i'm not sure how this got made, in fact. scrubs is usually much better at subverting tropes, but somehow this got through....thank heavens they were back on form by the next episode.

trash/bad movies usually ain't bad because i will find them enjoyable. this one is so bad that i am out of words to describe it - its below "bad". there is an instruction in the beginning of the film that tell you what to do during the movie. needless to say, the instruction and a dozen of beer couldn't help me seat through the entire film. one tagliner compares this one to killbill which is certainly unthinkable and an insult to our intelligent. obviously. this tagliner had a plan to tempt you into buying this dvd.if you are considering renting this one, put it down! if you are thinking of buying, dont think! if you unlucky to have this dvd, dont play it, throw it in trash bin immediately.

i have no clue as to what this was shot on but you can definitely tell that they had no budget. bad acting, horrible cinematography, and lame plot and some decent special effects do not make a good movie. the wwf style cinemtography will make you cry...where's the tripod?! the filmakers aimed high, but sorely missed their mark.

i still don't know why i forced myself to sit through the whole thing. this "film" wasn't worth the memorex dvd-r it was burned on; i thought i was watching the end result of a group of middle schoolers stealing their parents' camcorder. this is by far the worst movie ever made. i truly, from the bottom of my heart, want to sue aaron yamasato for the two hours he stole from my life.so apparently, it's supposed to be bad on purpose; however, if you should end up in hell and are forced to watch this 90-minute coil of doo-doo, you'll see that yamasato is really trying hard to make an awesome flick. the actors attempt dramatic kick-ass performances comparable to crimson tide but come closer to the marine.the crap acting is just the tip of the iceberg. the camera angles are awful. the story is c-movie at best-- the plot isn't even good enough to be considered b-movie caliber. the dialogue attempts to be dynamic and witty, but is crap like everything else. rumor has it that a hard copy of the screenplay actually attracts flies. plus, the techno score is annoying... not because it's techno, but because it's non-stop. that's right, the music plays in the background the whole time, acting as a subliminal reminder of how bad this thing is. i don't care what the disclaimer claims, i don't buy it. bots was not made this bad on purpose, because it takes itself way too serious for what it was: a joke.this "film" was very low-budget. but that is no excuse for its record-setting suck factor. great films are born of substance, not budget. bots had neither.allow me to further articulate the overwhelming power of this 90-minute waste of time: if i were having a three-way with jessica alba and jessica biel in front of a tv and blood of the samurai came on, i'd be out of there quicker than steven seagal in executive decision.undoubtedly, some people will try to defend the movie. two, maybe three. they'll say, "it's grindhouse chop-socky!" or "cheesy in a good way!" or "it's so bad, it's good!" those people are idiots. a movie is either good, or it's bad. there's no such thing as a good bad movie. but there are such things as idiots that like crappy movies. don't get me wrong; there are lots of cornball not-to-be-taken-seriously movies out there that are enjoyable and entertaining. slither is one. bots is not.this suckfest runs about an hour and a half, and in my humble opinion, it's 90 minutes too long. the best thing about this "film" is the dvd cover, so next time you're near the wal-mart dvd bargain bin, take a look at it-- don't touch it, just look-- and quietly walk away.

spoiler!! i love branagh, love helena bonham-carter, loved them together in "mary shelley's frankenstein" - but this -i can understand an actor's desire to stretch, to avoid the romantic stereotype. well, they did, but really - the script droned on, bonham-carter's clothes were tres chic, and the occasional speeded-up "madcap" sequence could have been an outtake from a beatles' movie, or the old rowan and martin laugh-in.i never got the point - other commenters say the branagh character was a dreamer. i never felt that. he was a loser, and not very bright, and certainly not endearing. the business with the bank robber disguise was merely painful to watch. certainly not amusing.bonham-carter's realistic (one supposes) attempts as realistic speech were harder to understand than the first 15 minutes of lancashire accent in "full monty."the poetic ending, with him high on a hill with her buried under the monstrosity of his airplane was too orchestrated. was there a choir of angels, or merely a soundtrack?go back to the classics or something with a spine and an arc to it. donate this to pbs.

i just happened to stumble on this film channel surfing. my first reaction was, 'oh god not again!'. it's so hip to play a retard these days it has become pretentious and frankly despicable. for some reason, though, i stayed and watched it 'til the end. maybe it was my faith in the actors, hoping they'd give me something to cheer about.and surely, ken and helena can act. also, the movie progresses into something better towards the end and actually does make a point.helena bonham carter also surprised me with her character. jane has a mean side that she uses to keep distance and repel pity. then again she has a soft side that's just looking for love. the only thing that surprised me even more was branagh's character...this was a triumph of acting, the movie itself is nothing unique.see if you are an acting student...if you're looking for pure entertainment you can skip this one. it's sean penn serious! oh my, that was a bit harsh it does feature a couple jokes...not for escapists though.

i have to admit i did not finish this movie because it was so amazingly stupid and not worth watching. i watched it with a room full of kids, who also were not laughing at the stupid and crude humor. the director, bob dolman, seems to be so obsessed with sphincters and genitalia that it overrides the real story that i grew up with. this is not a good film for kids! besides the fact that the content is so crude, the movie is just stupid has bad flow and has no intelligence behind it. what a waste of a perfectly good story. if you read the book when you were younger and loved it, then don't waste your time watching a movie that so badly botches it that it makes you angry. buy your kids the book instead.

i was bored, around 10pm, so i watched this movie. and i could not stop laughing. everything was so ridiculous. the way the kids were acting like they were older than 11 just cracked me up. one of the kids had a ring, that supposedly killed people after 3 or so years. it gave me the impression that he wanted to be a gangster.it's pretty hard to take little kids seriously, especially when it has to do with eating worms. they act like everything is such a big deal, like if billy (the main character) doesn't eat the worms then the world will end.this is a good movie for little kids (excluding the fact that a 5 year old says 'penis'), but not for teens or adults who don't want to waste their time.

squeamish 11-year-old luke benward (as billy "worm boy" forrester) moves to a new town. at his new school, young benward is picked on by the other boys. they put worms in his thermos. getting his gag reflex under control, benward tosses a worm on freckle-faced bully adam hicks (as joe guire). benward bets he can eat 10 worms in one day - without regurgitation! tall, teased hallie kate eisenberg (as erika "erk" tansy) uses her archery skills to help benward. director and former sctv writer bob dolman promises, "no worms were harmed in the making of this movie." in a related note, sctv star andrea martin has one funny scene. "how to eat fried worms" is loosely based on thomas rockwell's popular novel. pre-teen kids into gross-outs should enjoy the film.**** how to eat fried worms (8/25/06) bob dolman ~ luke benward, adam hicks, hallie kate eisenberg, alexander gould

i was dreading taking my nephews to this movie, as i didn't think it was going to be well done. the kids, ages 6 and 10 were set on seeing it, so i caved. i must admit that it was not nearly as bad as i had thought, but was still a far cry from the book. the movie seemed right on with the 10 year old's understanding and sense of humor. i found that the 6 year old understood what was going on and he was presenting solutions to the issues that were taking place. i eventually had to explain that sometimes the movies don't show the best solutions to the problems because it is more fun to watch what happens if they make the "silly" or "stupid" choices.

i knew it would be, but i gave it a rent for some laughs and maybe some mindless fun. anyone whose read a few of my reviews can see that i'm pretty easy to please. i really didn't think i'd end up feeling this negatively towards it.the plot is about an ancient army of dragons lead by a huge serpent that will destroy the world unless some chosen heroes who inherited the responsibility can become one with a good dragon or something i don't know. it was so stupid, i didn't bother to put much effort into retaining it.it features a really dumb story full of ridiculous moments and goofy concepts. so many of the events just felt totally random and sudden.i assume there was studio interference or something because the biggest problem i have with the movie is the fact that the story seems like it's trying to be so grand and epic, yet everything happens so fast and goes by so quickly. i feel like i've just been hit with a million plot points and action sequences in one big ball. the film is like a punch in the face. it doesn't take much time at all to establish characters or drama. imagine the "lord of the rings" trilogy in 90 minutes you could have most of the epic battle sequences, but there would be absolutely no buildup and you'd hardly care about the outcome of those battles. that was the case with dragon wars 90 minutes of me not giving a crap, waiting for it to be over.fantastic cgi with some okay directing, but horrible acting, speedy pacing, and dumb story made this very hard to enjoy on any grounds. i probably would have loved it when i was 6.

we've been served - a terrible film.okay, i'll admit that since i'm white and have had no practical experience in the "competitive world of step-dancing," i might not exactly be an authority on this type of film. on the other hand, i do know a bad motion picture when i see it.and, boy, have i just seen it.filmed in low-budget-vision and directed by ian iqubal rashid, ("a touch of pink"), "how she move" tells the tale of how important it is to follow one's dreams - even if those dreams include bopping around to loud, irritating hip-hop music and speaking dialogue the average person would not understand if he or she had an international translator.i'll try to give a small synopsis of the "plot." first of all there are two actors that look like ll cool j who work in an auto shop in toronto (the mecca of racial diversity), but still have time to practice dancing for eight hours a day. there are a few other guys in this "crew," including a token white dude and a guy that looks like denzel washington in "malcolm x." there are also two women in the movie - one resembles serena williams and the other looks like geraldine from the old "flip wilson show." one of these ladies was kicked out of a private college because her parents spent all of her tuition on a drug-addicted sibling. the other girl, a member of salt n pepa, no doubt, is just plain no good.there's another guy who looks like eddie murphy's buckwheat, while still another actor who's a huggy bear knock-off. these guys are rival step dancers. evidently, this activity is very hard-core in the 'hood, and they are all practicing for the big "step monster" jam in detroit.since i was unable to understand 90 percent of the dialogue (perhaps some subtitles would have been useful, as in a bergman film or that one music video by snow), it's hard to explain what happens, other than there's a lot of arguing, the serena williams girl (who never smiles, by the way) becomes a freelance stepper (moving from group to group), there's some step-dancing and a lot of irritating hip-hop music.it's a typical rags-to-riches story; sort of like "rocky" with a really bad soundtrack, "rudy" with annoying rap music in the background, "cry freedom" without the laughs. but why does a film - which could have made a big impact on black audiences - have to contain drug addiction, bad parents and a title that sounds like a first-grader saying the phrase, "how she moves"?i was "moved" by this movie, however. moved to leave the theater as quickly as possible.

this movie was absolutely ghastly! i cannot fathom how this movie made it to production. nothing against the cast of the movie, of course, this is all the fault of the writing team. you take the old average plot - let's dance our way out of being poor and destitute - or step in this case. but this one lacks any semblance of a true plot - or at least one that anyone would care about. with canadian speaking actors in what is supposed to be an american setting - this film falls very flat. on a positive note, the directing was pretty good and cinematography was pretty decent as well. looks like the production budget was very generous as well. my only request is that this team leave the writing alone and go find actual screenwriters to help them bring words alive on film. net result - how she move is how she sucks.

its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and i do not see where all this 'its not that bad' rubbish is coming from. the acting is terrible, it follows exactly the same storyline as all the other 'dancing' movies out there. its terrible! the name should scream don't watch. 'how she move.' since when can movie titles ignore grammar? at least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones don't even deserve a watch. i give it a 1 out of 10, just because there is no zero. i seriously implore anyone with an iq of over 60 not to watch this, and not to waste your money. the 1.6/10 should tell it all. this movie should not have even be made.

"how she moves" springs to life only when its high-energy, talented cast members are kicking up their heels and strutting their stuff for the camera. otherwise, this stale strive-suffer-and-succeed story is low on energy, low on originality, and low on anything that might make the movie stand out from the dozens of other, likeminded films that have come before it.rutina wesley has modest appeal as the academically gifted inner-city youngster who finds that the best way to raise her private school tuition money is by entering step-dance competitions, but both she and her fellow actors are poorly served by uninspired screen writing and undistinguished direction. as noted earlier, the movie achieves some spark when the performers are up on stage dancing, but such moments are far too few and sadly fleeting.

i can always tell when something is going to be a hit. i see it or hear it, and get a good feeling. i did not get a good feeling watching the preview. i was not at all enthusiastic about this film, and i am not at all surprised that it is rated here as one of the worst 100 films. i was in fact proved right.the first thing that threw me off was the title. not that i have a problem with ebonics(i am black by the way), but for a movie they could have used a better title, and for this time use a title that doesn't have bad grammar. i heard the dialog, saw the acting and all i could do was make faces.i also think that the dance movie theme is being overdone. at least "you got served" was better than this in my opinion. even the soundtrack didn't thrill me.

with title like this you know you get pretty much lot of junk. acting bad. script bad. director bad. grammar bad.movie make lot of noise that really not music and lot of people yell. movie make bad racial stereotype. why come every movie with black hero have drug addict? why come hero always have to dance to be success? why come famous rapper always have to be in dance movie? why come letter "s" can't be in title?hollywood need to stop dumb down audience and make movie that have people with brain who know how speak proper english.do self favor and not go see.

yes i have rated this film as one star awful. yet, it will be in my rotation of christmas movies henceforth. this truly is so bad it's good. this is another k.gordon murray production (read: buys a really cheap/bad mexican movie, spends zero money getting it dubbed into english and releases it at kiddie matinées in the mid 1960's.) it's a shame i stumbled on this so late in life as i'm sure some "mood enhancers" would make this an even better experience. i'm not going to rehash what so many of the other reviewers have already said, a christmas movie with merlin, the devil, mechanical wind-up reindeer and some of the most pathetic child actors i have ever seen bar none. i plan on running this over the holidays back to back with kelsey grammar's "a christmas carol". truly a holiday experience made in hell. now if i can only find "to all a goodnight (aka slayride)" on dvd i'll have a triple feature that can't be beat. you have to see this movie. it moves so slowly that i defy you not to touch the fast forward button-especially on the two dance routines! this thing reeks like an expensive bleu cheese-guess you have to get past the stink to enjoy the experience. feliz navidad amigos!

i'm allowed to write 1000 words about this film, but one word could suffice: bizarre. hubby and i didn't laugh so much as gawk at this truly dreadful movie. we kept looking at each other with our best "what the...?" expressions. there is no way to adequately describe this movie. killer tomatoes were funny, but this is just sick. what kind of mind produces images like these and then puts them on film for others to see? what kind of mind includes innocent children in this weird, weird movie and then packages it as if it is appropriate for children? parents, whatever you do, if your child still believes in santa, don't let him/her see this movie. preteens can watch it -- probably with "what the...?" expressions on their faces. if you decide to inflict this movie on others, you might want to spike their eggnog.quite possibly the worst film ever made.

mere thoughts of "going overboard" (aka "babes ahoy") make me want to weep. throwing yourself out a window would be better than watching this movie. it's not even a supposed "so bad it's good" movie. i would spend money to buy copies of this movie and burn them so that people can't see it. oh the pain, the pain...

hello. i am paul raddick, a.k.a. panic attack of wtaf, channel 29 in philadelphia. let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on adam sandler's film career but was digitized after a short time.going overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails...or so i thought. sandler encounters babes that like history of the world part 1 and rebound. the babes were supposed to be engaged, but, actually, they get executed by sawtooth, the meanest cannibal the world has ever known. adam sandler fared bad in going overboard, but fared better in big daddy, billy madison, and jen leone's favorite, 50 first dates. man, drew barrymore was one hot chick. spanglish is red hot, going overboard ain't dooley squat! end of file.

i had never heard of this adam sandler movie until i saw it on the wall at blockbuster. being an adam sandler fan at the time, i rented it. honestly i could only watch about 30 mins. of it. it was terrible. do whatever it takes to keep this out of the hands of the public. i honestly hope this movie goes oop soon, and i hope it stays that way!

i just finished watching going overboard. i have to say that we should send every copy of this film to iraq and make them watch. i even tried to get a blind women to watch this and she turned it off in like 20 min. adam sandler could not find a better project than this? as for the writing, if thats what you want to call it, those responsible should be forced to watch this movie forever in hell!! i believe that somewhere i read that the budget for this film was $10,000 and they were way under. did wallmart get a good deal on this? every store has a big huge bin of this crap sitting on the sales floor. the only good thing about this movie is you can use the dvd as a coaster, or trade it to a friend, but then they might not be your friend anymore!!

an archaeologist (casper van dien) stumbles accidentally upon an ancient, 40 foot mummy, well preserved underground in the nevada desert. they are determined to keep this a secret and call in a jewish translator to assist in figuring out the history of it. the mummy, as explained at the beginning, is the son of a fallen angel and is one of several giants that apparently existed in "those days". in order to save his son from a devastating flood which was predicted to kill everything, he mummifies his son, burying him with several servants for centuries - planning to awaken him years from then. in our present, the fallen angels still walk the earth and the mummy is resurrected and a ritual is expected to take place. most of the movie is slow, having to do with a lot of biblical crap and a couple lousy, air-punching fights. the mummy is decent looking but isn't shown nearly enough. it should have had more to do with that but it dragged on a great deal so... eh. don't bother.

...from this awful movie! there are so many things wrong with this film, acting, writing, direction, editing, etc. that it's amazing that something rises to the top and proves itself to be the absolute worst. the music! i noted that the film has two composers listed. this must be the reason why every single frame has music, of the absolute worst "d" movie style drivel. they have never heard of the expression "less is more". it got so painful to listen to, i muted the sound every time there was no dialogue, not that the dialogue was that good. you have to feel sorry for robert wagner and tom bosley, i'm sure they didn't see roles like this in the twilight of their careers. see it at your own risk.

i had some time to kill before watching football so i saw this movie being offered on the scifi channel and it literally after watching it i thought i had encountered my version of mentally walking the bataan death march as my conscious was beaten into submission by the awful movie which ripped off the mummy series and jurassic park. it was so bad that i thought the opening credits were the highlight of the movie and then it went into such a abysmal descent that it made the recent drop in the stock market seem like a hiccup. the acting was so bad that i was hoping that one and all would be buried at the end. the lead by casper van dien made me long for the high caliber acting of steven seagal in "on deadly ground" as his line reading was so wooden that woody woodpecker was thinking of making a cameo to sit on his shoulder. i also noticed that his emotional range is so limited that i was under the impression my kitten was more expressive when asking for popcorn to eat . the direction was so abysmal i looked back yearning to my nephew's grade 3 play recital which had more pace and better vision and the fact that this movie seems to be have spliced together from afterthoughts of the aforementioned movie franchise it can not even be thought of as a homage. the fx of the movie was so bad that i thought the director and producers were enviormentally friendly by recycling cheap special effects from grade z horror flicks from yesteryear. what robert wagner, tom bosley and geoffrey lewis were doing in this movies is beyond me and they should look at litigation against their agents for misrepresentation for getting them involved with such a dreck of a movie. my warning to one and all is watch this movie at your peril as this movie may cause your iq to diminish with prolonged viewing. on a side note i noticed at imdb that sometimes salaries for movies are published i was wondering if their is a way that actors that should give the salaries back for their poor performances in such movies. beware and be safe avoid at all costs.

i came into this movie really wanting to line it. i thought the premise had a lot of potential and was ripe for an interesting movie. don't get me wrong here, i wasn't expecting citizen kane, i was taking this for the b movie that it is. that said, it still fell short of the expectation. the historical aspect of the story is glazed over and the ending left me a bit cold. the acting in the movie was very wooden. all in all i give it 4 for a great idea, but the movie could have scored much higher with a bit more attention to movie making fundamentals. is it worth seeing? i didn't wish for my two hours back, but i don't know that i'd recommend it to others.

the fallen ones starts with archaeologist matt fletcher (casper van dien) in the desert discovering the mummified remains of a 42 foot tall giant, now there's something you don't see everyday. matt is working for property developer morton (robert wagner) who wants to build a holiday resort on the land & he calls in fellow archaeologist angela (kristen miller) for reasons i'm unsure of. anyway they both try to figure out what they've got on they're hands when some of the team go missing, morton calls in security guy ammon (navid negahban) to handle the situation. meanwhile ancient text translator the rabbi eli schmidtt (tom bosley) translates some ancient text (as he would) & is shocked to learn of a evil prophecy in which these giants will rise up & take over the world for the fallen one, or something like that. it's up to matt to save the day & the whole planet...written & directed by kevin vanhook, who also has a small role in the film as the ancient warrior leader at the start, i personally thought the fallen ones was a terrible film & it's as simple & straight forward as that. there are so many things that are just plain bad about the fallen ones both on a technical & conceptual level, the script doesn't make a whole lot of sense & it doesn't really get going until the final 20 odd minutes by which time i had almost lost the will to live. the character's are awful & as clichéd as you like, the dialogue is bad as in very, very bad & the entire film is predictable, i mean it's not going to come as a surprise that casper van dien is going to save the day is it? it's not a huge surprise that the mummified giant is going to come back to life either so why wait until over an hour into the film when most of the audience will be in some sort of comatose state. this is bad, very bad. you have been warned.director vanhook doesn't impress, the fight scenes are absolutely awful & why dress your bad guys up in a horrible shade of purple? they look naff. to give it a bit of credit the special effects on the giant mummy itself are actually good although there's not that many of them since he doesn't make an appearance for over an hour, there are also some normal sized mummy's that look to have come straight from the set of the mummy (1999), unfortunately these aren't used to any great effect & in fact are wasted as some comic relief. the mechanical mummy was a pretty good idea but looked silly & there is no way on earth that all those people inside could work in sync with each other to operate it, actually the more i think about the more ridiculous the idea is. forget about any scares, tension or atmosphere & don't even think about any gore or violence because there isn't any.technically the fallen ones isn't anything special & apart from the impressive giant mummy effects there's little her to get excited about. the ghost cgi & water effects are terrible, it was made-for-tv & it's shows. the acting was poor, wagner looks embarrassed & this is probably the only thing the likes of dien & bosley can get these days.the fallen ones is a bad film, there's no two ways about it as far as i'm concerned. not recommended on any level or in any way, one to avoid.

i saw not so fabulous rating on imdb, but i went to see it anyway, because i am a big fan of bible related material. first thing that bothered me was a little too much indiana jones wannabe movie, but it also looked like casper van dien didn't see those jones movies through (but he should). i believe he tried his best, but script just stunk. music tried to be kinda jones style too. great work, but for such movie it seemed like too much work, like the video part did't deserve all that great music. robert wagner gave his best acting skills, he did a good job, but somehow the script was bringing everything down. "jokes" are old school, somewhere 20 years old; they brought only cynic smile to my face. there are some really bad camera angels, sfx looks like homemade and unrealistic. kevin vanhook had probably a good idea on the story (in my opinion, but i love such stories), but things just didn't work out in the end. maybe he should put it on a paper when it was still fresh in his head. when i (in first minutes) saw that movie was going to be one of those 'low budget movies', i hoped that i will at least 'hear' a good story, but sometimes movies just disappoint.

some moron who read or saw some reference to angels coming to earth, decided to disregard what he'd heard about the offspring of humans and angels being larger than normal humans. reinventing them as mythical giants that were 40 feet tall, is beyond ridiculous. there was some historical references to housing and furniture in parts of the world, that were much larger than would be needed for standard humans. these were supposedly built on a scale that would lend itself to a 10 to 14 foot human, somewhat supporting the "david and goliath" tale from the bible. there is no mention in any historical references to buildings or artifacts that would support the idea of a 40 foot tall being. if i was rating this movie on my own scale, it would have been a negative value instead of a one...

"the fallen ones" falls under the waste of life (wol) category. i am sad that i am now two hours older was not entertained. my other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy. i felt sorry for the actors (wagner). i have read other negative reviews and cannot add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on tv without any loss of plot. it reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all. in my humble opinion, the 42 foot mummy should have been 8-10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want dna samples for evil reasons. the heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges. later after everything was screwed up by the evil people. the heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong.

what a piece of junk this movie was. the premise was okay, but even in the beginning with crappy effects to blend in a giant with normal sized people (even the effects in hercules was better) i knew this would be bad. but the really awful part of the movie is the dialogs. it's completely incoherent, silly and stupid. i felt like it had been written by some 9th grader in creative class and gotten a d-. i want to slap casper van diem and the other actors for following this movie through.i've had my share of cheesy and bad movies (i love the tremors series), but this... i do not recommend it at all. it's silly and the totally flabbergastingly bad dialogs will make you cringe.

there is a lot of obvious hype associated with this film. let's just face it, though, the main reasons why anyone would watch it would be for leo and cate, who are not necessarily the best actors in this film. i'm not saying they're not good actors, i'm saying they stunk in this film. the special effects were decent (and i will say the film makers did a good job making the ship eye-pleasing), but it even has several major flaws. for instance, right before the ship goes under, you can see an unfinished blue-screen image behind your main characters.don't get me wrong, i love the story of the real titanic, but i find this movie an insult to that story. editing was atrocious--there's no reason for any film to be over 2 1/2 hours (with the exception of maybe a biographical movie), and the writing and screenplay was horribly stilted.i will say that the music was perhaps better than i could have predicted (and not just the "my heart will go on" song either). there is one scene that stands out to me when the ship is sinking and pounding bass music is heard. that could very well be the highlight of the film. as for the mood throughout, it was extremely dull. i was more relieved than sad when jack died, which i know cannot be what the director intended.in a nut shell, i find it horrible that they turned the beautiful story of the titanic into an over-hyped chick flick.

i, like many people, saw this film in the theatre when it first came out in '97. it was a below average film at best, defiantly not the "masterpiece" that all these "titanic" fanboys like to make it out as. first off, dicaprio is a terrible actor no matter which way you look at it. people just like him because of his looks. his acting "skills" essentially consist of saying a lot of cheesy lines and trying to act sexy. second, the film itself had a rather boring and simple plot: girl falls in love with guy, ship they're on sinks, lots of crappy love scenes thereafter. anyone with an iq above 50 will realize this isn't ingenious in any way whatsoever. nor is it original. plus the director felt the need to drag it out for 3+ hours. i could compress it into a 1 hour block without losing any of the plot. in conclusion, "titanic" is the most overrated movie to date. why it got so much attention and money is beyond me.

i see people writing about how great this movie was. it was horrible! the acting was sub-par at best. it made a lot of money because teenage girls went to see the movie 7 times in the theaters because of leonardo. where the hell did they get the money? anyway, i wanted to learn more about the titanic; why it sank, what was running through a lot of people's minds; maybe even a little conspiracy stuff. does anyone realize that certain people didn't even board the ship because there was a fire on board before it even took off? no, you don't because all you see is a rich girl falling for a poor boy and he paints her naked (did that corny junk at least tip you off that the movie was stupid?).i did cry in during one scene, though. the scene when they showed the water that was filling up in the ship. it looked like pool water! i'm thinking this movie made all this money and they couldn't even make the water from the ocean look real? unbelievable...ohhh the band played on while the ship sank.. just ridiculous. this was the worst movie until pearl harbor outdid it in the "nothing to do with reality" department.

first of all, as a long time student of the titanic disaster and member of several titanic clubs, i feel entitled to comment on the film. i don't really care how many awards and accolades the film won, but to me it is still an absolutely awful film. cameron had the resources to make a 'proper' semi-documentary film of the disaster but unfortunately chose to turn it into a po-faced romantic mush. the fact that so many people around the world fell for it only shows, to my mind, the sad state of taste and common sense that movie critics and audiences have these days. whoever said that all movies should have a hero and heroine falling in love? in fact most real events are anything but romantic and the titanic disaster certainly was not one. i feel that it needed a better script and director with a semi-documentary approach and as little artistic license as possible. i almost threw up in the last sequence where the 'dead' lovers meet among the other lost passengers and crew who break out in applause. is this an intelligent film? ask yourself.

yes, this movie has kids going to space camp and it starts out okay enough as you have the kids meeting one another and learning the ropes. then they introduce jinx, a robot that could not possibly exist in 1986 as they do not have anything with that kind of artificial intelligence now. kid becomes buddy with robot and robot repays the kid's kindness by shooting him and a group of other kids in this camp into outer space with a very limited oxygen supply and radios that do not have the signal to reach into space. this camp is also not very fun as these kids are put to real training and the instructors get all over them for failing missions or not doing the right things. give it a rest, they are there for fun, not to become astronauts just yet, just give them the experience of space flight not a military like camp. however, you do get to see joaquin phoenix in a fairly early role. so in the end a movie that tries to be realistic in some areas, but with the introduction of jinx and other factors you might as well had the kids battle space aliens on top of everything else that was happening in the movie as that would have made the movie a bit more enjoyable at least for me. probably for a few others as well, who else would like to see kate capshaw's face ripped apart by some strange super alien creature.

mix exotic tropical locations, babes in skimpy attire, explosions, good-looking dudley do-right clones, a movie star with his best years behind him (martin sheen), a little martial arts and a sexy villainess (tracy lor.....er, sorry...tracy elizabeth lords) and you'd think you'd be in for some escapist fun. not so! this is a dreary tv movie and even though it likes to promote itself as a "charlie's angels" deal,it is nowhere near as good as the original series or even the gawdawful, irretrievably stupid, recent c.a. movies. this abomination is best described as a third rate andy sidaris film. nowhere near as much fun as andy's "hard ticket to hawaii", although some of the fight scenes are decent enough. the girls spend too much time posing and trying too look prissy and it gets annoying after a while. there's better genre stuff that this out there. oh yeah, and the "babes" aren't as hot as they like to think they are. terrible soundtrack...when it's there.

first, ifc runs town and country, and now this. the difference between that stinker and this pink panther rip-off is that town and country was watchable. this isn't.i can only surmise that the cast signed up for this so they could goof off in europe on somebody else's dime. belushi is especially irritating. his scene with candy (doing a z-grade dom deluise) was torture. speaking of torture, five minutes of the talentless shepherd, and i bet the prisoners at gitmo would crack like walnuts!the real "crime" (besides this being green-lighted) is shepherd's character: a mousy wife who takes a monte carlo casino for a half-million bucks! if you buy that, i have some oceanfront property in arizona you might be interested in!

i saw this movie the other night and i have to honestly say it's one of the worst films i've ever seen. the acting is fair, but the plot is totally ridiculous. a killer is born because of all the "energy used to make the movie" and if the film is burned the killer will die? how unbelievable is that? the characters were underdeveloped to say the least...for example, all of a sudden the man mentions "aren't you trying to complete the film because your mother couldn't?" so we're supposed to go along with this? we had no idea it was her daughter until half way through the film. the movie really didn't spotlight on anyone, we didn't know anything about the main people who survived except ringwald's character was a whiney actress, the guy was on the set when the people died and raffy wanted to be a director like her mother. not truly diving in to know who they are. seemed things were rushed to just get to the killings. the whole plot is entirely too weak for my taste and i was extremely disappointed. anyone who enjoyed this piece of crap, obviously needs to learn a thing or two about film making. i can't believe anyone would agree to star or even work on this picture. it's not funny, it was not scary and was cliche through the entire film. i found myself predicting what would happen before each scene, which believe you me wasn't hard at all to do. it's a disgrace and i'm deeply sorry i wasted an hour and a half watching the mess. 1/10.

it seems that several of the people who have reviewed this movie only watched it in the first place because it was filmed near where they live. how's that for a ringing endorsement? if this movie was filmed near where i lived i wouldn't be mentioning it in my review. it is horrid! several reviews state that this film is a spoof or tongue-in-cheek horror movie, it is neither. it is sad to see this film reviewed as a comedy as that makes it not only a bad attempt at a horror film but as a comedy as well. i did laugh though, at how unbelievably bad the film was.this movie has 2 good things going for it, the mask and the weapon of choice, unfortunately it would have been more interesting watching an hour and a half of the mask and weapon laying on a table then watching this garbage. the social commentary behind the film is also laughable, juvenile and stupid. don't bother with this movie, you've already wasted time reading this review don't waste anymore on this movie. arrggghhh! it's infuriating that movies like this even get made. i was expecting the entire cast a crew to be credited to alan smithee, a name used when a person, usually a director, doesn't want to be credited with a movie because it's so bad.there is nothing redeeming in this movie, i spent $1.19 on the rental and feel i was ripped off. avoid. 1 out of 10

rip off of "scream" or especially "i know what you did last summer", there's some entertainment here, and a little scary, but they needed some originality.an entertainment score? 6.5/10 overall? 5.5/10

a slasher flick, made in the early 80's, has a curse on it which has anyone who tries to finish it turning up dead. years later, a group of film students attempted to complete the movie - also resurrecting the films deadly curse. great idea for a film, but sadly 'cut' is just another wasted opportunity.unfortunately australia hasn't had the world's best track record when it comes to horror. 'razorback' (1984) was an out and out dud as was 'holwing iii' (1987), which was half an american film anyway. as for our foray into comedy-horror, 'body melt' (1993) is best left forgotten. the problem with 'cut' is that the makers trying to create a clever horror satire a la 'scream' (1996) but have no insight into the genre or what makes it work. and although this sounds weird me saying this about a slasher film but what 'cut' really lacks is any "heart". sure it follows the basic "rules" established by 'scream', but it doesn't want to play with the formula, instead it goes for a cardboard copy of the earlier.the killer, scarman, is probably one of the most boring and uncharismatic villains in horror movie history. his endless barrage awkwardly, lame one-liners would make the dialogue of a porno seem like shakespeare. the cast never seem like their fully involved and look like their just waiting for a shoot to be over so they can collect their pay checks. and the feel of the film is like it's deliberately trying not to be creepy; looking more like an episode of 'neighbors' or 'heartbreak high'. by the way, those attempts at mtv style, hyper-cinema during the "research" sequence just look lame, dated and out of place.if australia ever gets a chance to do horror again (which i hope we still do) maybe we should take a leaf from the 'mad max' (1979) book. instead of trying to copy the u.s. we should be trying our own take on the genre.

the cover of box of this movie has kyle minogue's name on it, but she has the same destiny as drew barrymore did in "scream." that's the first thing that makes this movie lame; they are trying to market a movie with someone that's in it for 5 minutes.of course, we have to have this movie feature young hip college kids that are oblivious that there's a killer going around. to top it all off, molly ringwald of 80's teen movie fame is the star of this beautifully written film. it's a good career move for molly to get some money doing a crappy movie in australia so she won't get ridiculed in the states.either way, this dumb movie is about some dumb horror movie that was never finished because this dumb creature kills everyone that's in it. throughout the movie, we're supposed to guess who's the killer. long story short, remember our little friend molly, she saves the day...or does she?this move is just plain bad, rent it if you feel like torturing yourself or just break it on the floor of your local video store if you see it on the shelf. don't spread the horror.

a student filmmaker enlists a b-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish molly ringwald!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a dreadfully dull kylie minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. it's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. the film has a curse on it, because molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. but she's back, because she needs the exposure. unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the "set." cut is an aussie attempt at the modern "slasher," but unfortunately it doesn't bring anything new or exciting to the table. in fact, it rips half of wes craven's 90s filmography. lots of film-world name-dropping a la "scream" (except it's aussie name-dropping--jane campion...see how this isn't as funny) and lots of "is this real or is this a movie" a la "new nightmare." the editing is bad, the music is annoying, the effects are laughable, almost everything is bad about this. fortunately, the film can have a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: "don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own," to which he responds, "that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!" ha! and molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. "you got any diet coke in here?" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and "does anyone know where i can buy any tofu?" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and "where the hell is my agent?" (oh wait, that's what i was thinking for her.)

while filming an 80's horror movie called 'hot blooded', the director is brutally murdered and the leading lady is scarred as she survives the attack and manages to kill murderer. after all of this, the production is abandoned and the stock reels are left to gather dust. so a group of filmmakers decide to pick up where the film left off even though they're warned by people to keep away from the film, as the last person who was interested in the flick turned up dead in the cinema while watching the film. from this it's labelled as a cursed production. not taking these warnings seriously the crew goes ahead with the production and they get the original star of the movie to return from hollywood to reprise her role, but not as the daughter but the mother. but again the murders start occurring with the cast and crew getting butchered by an unknown figure dressed up as the film's killer.look what 'scream' started! hey, i enjoy those films, but mostly everything else that followed on afterwards were annoying and pointless excuses. during this stage the sub-genre came back with vengeance, but it wasn't much of a good thing as they were mostly unsuccessful and unoriginal attempts, where they followed the derivative pattern of the scream franchise. 'cut' which is an independent australian take on the textbook slasher genre is purely shonky garbage that lacks basically everything and shamelessly knocks off every other slasher flick. but you know what, i found it a cheesy delight. yeah, it's gawd awful and highly forgettable, but it's a bit of ala good cheap fun while it lasted. although i did hate it when i originally came across it, but the second time around i knew what i was getting myself into and it worked better for it. it was just like helping myself to a nice slice cheesecake again, but this time it wasn't so sweet.the film came out around the same time as 'scream 3' and 'urban legends: the final cut' did, which all three follow the same structure of using a movie within a movie. 'scream 3' is obviously the strongest of the three, but i would actually watch this trash over urban legends: the final cut. though, it did seem more of a throwback to the 80's slashers than that of one of scream's bastard offspring. pretty much the film is given b-grade treatment and that shows up in the script and performances. the dialog is truly unimaginative and hardly comes up with any surprises and suspense. while, the performances are pure mockery and molly ringwald takes the crown for it. she plays the wash-up actress returning to finish the cursed flick and i had good fun with her laughably ridiculous send-up performance. she provides the bite here and nails it down perfectly. the rest were mostly recognizable australian tv stars (that's if you're an australian) with a ravishing jessica napier leading the cast with the likes of stephen curry and frank roberts. also pop singer (and supposed actress) kylie minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to be hacked up! nice. these teens mostly followed the formula of horny and dim-witted kids that have nothing better to do but to be killed. sometimes it feels like they just waiting in queue, because they have no real substance to be there.the plot starts off rather interestingly, then heads into a mystery phase where red herrings pop up, but then it makes a sudden u-turn where it becomes a somewhat satire on the horror genre. simply it's rather choppy and when it comes to the explanation for all of this madness i was kind of left thinking oh my. this when it tries to twist back onto itself in a clever manner, but sadly it falls along way. but don't you just love an opening ending. also it sports some pop culture references and a self referential, tongue-in-cheek approach. predictability makes its way in rather early and the jokes can become over-stated at times, but it knows that by poking fun at itself quite a bit. the atmosphere looses a bit of edge because of the humour taking away the bleakness, but still the isolated grand old mansion where they are filming has some neat touches that added 'some' spookiness. the cinema scene is done rather nicely too.now, now we know we want gore and nudity when watching this type of flick, but sadly there's no nudity to be found and the gore is pretty standard, if lacking but it's more then decent for such low-budget flick. there are one or two creative deaths, but the rest are systematic. the killer wasn't bad but when he spoke it kind of hurt it i thought, well the smart-ass attitude didn't sit well with me. another notes of the production which were dire ranged from the cut-away editing, out-of-place soundtrack and kimble rendall's direction lacked execution and was pretty careless, but these contributing factors pull together to add some sort of sheer entertainment to all of this badness.the imagination matches the budget that's for sure, but heck this lousy slasher wasn't trying to be anything else. pure schlock that's slightly amusing!

as with most of ben affleck's movies, the comedy is dry and story is predictable. that is if you want to call this a story. many points were left connected with no thought at all. i want to thank the director for not explaining the points better. i say that because, that would mean the torture would have lasted longer. as for any of ben affleck's failures, this one is no exception and is survivable only by the other actors. even then, the acting for the most part was contrived and was not believable. the trip down memory lane with actors i have not seen in years was not worth the price of admission. all thought it should be told, they too are quickly joining the ranks of the "has-been". my choice was to wait for my car to be fixed or watch this movie. i made the wrong decision. all in all i would give it a one laugh ... mainly because that is all i got out of it.

this movie had more holes than a piece of swiss cheese. ben affleck was seriously not trying to act in any way, shape, or form. he outright sucked. nothing about the movie was believable. the first problems were in the intro- where the man gives everything of value to the salvation army santa claus but it doesn't show why. and then the granny sticks her head in the oven- really beautiful, and has absolutely nothing to do with the movie- it's not even in the same tone as the movie. there was no explanation of the motivation for ben affleck to choose the house he chose; there was not any believable reactions by the family he chose; and people are swayed here and there without any cause to be swayed (example: christina applegate and ben affleck's characters go tobogganing down a steep slope- this is the incident that makes her suddenly fall in love with him. riiiight...) anyway, there was a funny moment or two- but they were a rarity in the movie. it seriously needed another rewrite (or 4). hope you enjoy!

james gandolfini is a good actor so what ever did he take a role in this piece of unfunny rubbish. affleck is just a lightweight who just can't cut it, the rest of the cast are truly unforgettable. i saw this in the usa in an empty theatre, i soon knew why the place was empty after about 10 minutes. i walked out before the end it was so bad, so imagine my surprise when back in england i saw the movie had a glowing report from that yoyo "paul ross" in one of the down market sundays. i always rely on ross to save me money on cinema tickets, if he says the movie is good, i get straight on this very website to check it out. this movie should have gone straight to £1.99 dvd in a supermarket near you.

this is quite possibly the worst christmas film ever. the plot is virtually non-existent, the acting (affleck in particular) is poor at best. ben affleck fans will probably defend this film but deep down they must agree. as far as i could gather the plot consisted of ben affleck, a millionaire salesman, is told by a shrink to go to a place that reminds him of his childhood and burn a list of things he wanted to forget from his childhood. on doing this he ends up paying the family currently living in the house to be his family for christmas... and that is it. the film goes on and eventually he gets together with the daughter of the family.... blah blah blah.

this thing is horrible. the ben affleck character is self-centered and gleefully sadistic--punch-you-in-the-nose fratboy sadistic. and he's the romantic hero! his cartoonish character does not change from beginning to end, but his money ultimately allows him to buy happiness.if i were a socialist, i would screed beyond belief, but i'm not a socialist.we capitalists like a little christmas magic from time to time. this ain't magic. i don't know what it is. it's just awful. and it's a horrible waste of talent. o'hara has been making me laugh hysterically since the late '70s. gandolfini. applegate. these people were all underused. if ben was out of the equation, these folks might have dreamed up something excellent.

i have to admit i laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it's already moving out of my short-term memory. in a career that is sliding rather swiftly toward tabloid obscurity, ben affleck, once a promising comic character actor who became enmeshed in the hollywood publicity machine to recreate himself into a romantic leading man. judging from this film, the transformation doesn't seem to be taking, as he continues to lack the gravitas that would make him credible in such parts. while his buddy matt damon takes on smart roles in films like "syriana", affleck appears in this type of commercial pap. at least the superficial character of successful but lonely advertising executive drew latham suits affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried.directed by mike mitchell (whose most famous film is 1999's "deuce bigelow: male gigolo") and scripted by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad sign), the flimsy plot revolves around his character's need to "rent" a family living in his childhood home in order to live out his fantasy of having the old-fashioned christmas he never had. the concept is actually intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality we are all directed to feel amid the frenzied commercialism around the holidays. the real problem, however, is that the movie feels like an extended sketch lacking any logic or authentic emotional resonance. affleck seems to be on overdrive attempting desperately to be lovable, but the net result is an exhausting turn by an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill-conceived films. fortunately, he has the likes of james gandofini and catherine o'hara playing the valcos, the couple who decide to accept drew's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents.gandolfini plays tom like a gruff, non-violent relative of tony soprano, but he does what he can in the role. from her classic sctv days to christopher guest's mockumentaries, o'hara is always a comic gem no matter the vehicle, and unsurprisingly she earns the best laughs as tom's wife christine, whether dryly delivering a one-liner or posing in an inch of make-up for a dominatrix photo shoot. in what is becoming her standard screen role, christina applegate plays their mistrusting daughter alicia, who of course becomes drew's love interest. despite some good moments where she is enjoying the deceit of playing drew's sister in front of his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning-flash strokes making it hard to see what drew would see in her. the story spins completely out of control by the last third with one contrived situation piled on top of another until plot strands are tied together in short order. it's rumored that much of the movie was improvised since there was no finished shooting script. it shows, but i also have to admit i stuck with it to the bitter end.

i liked it, i really did. please don't think that i'm an idiot but i have to admit that i enjoyed this film. i expected it to be crap, it was crap, but sometimes its ok to relax and watch a crappy film that you don't have to concentrate too much on isn't it? i didn't expect any hidden meanings or morales, and there wasn't any, but that doesn't matter because i only watched it for entertainment, and it did entertain me throughout. films like this are why the ben stillers (excusing 'there's something about mary') and the vince vaughns (however you spell his last name, i couldn't be bothered checking)have jobs. it's ok to watch a crap film as long as you don't expect too much from it, and i for one shall take a stand, jog, perhaps run, but not drive because i don't have a car, to blockbuster video, or even choices, and rent a bunch of these toilet humoured films and stay in one night watching them. good day to you reader. p.s if you do not say that this comment helped you then i don't like you, if you do say it helped then god bless you, you will go to heaven.

truly terrible, pretentious, endless film. director bellocchio seems to be infatuated with the pretty face and figure of his actress detmers - and who can blame him? but maybe, just maybe, he should have focused his attention a little more on making a good, engaging film. i hate it when a sex film poses as an "art film" just to become more "respectable". the frequent, occasionally hot sex scenes are the only reason for this movie's existence. whether or not they are worth sitting through the rest of the picture is strictly a matter of taste. (*)

i saw this "hot" movie when it came out in 1986. it had a x rating for a brief scene involving oral sex but played in mainstream theatres (it was an "art" film). supposedly it's the first film to ever show a respected actress in an explicit sex scene.what i saw was a boring tale about a high school boy (federico pitzalis) in love (understandably) with an older woman (maruschka detmers). as has been mentioned before detmers is very beautiful with a good body but she also gave a very good performance. pitzalis was (to put it mildly) pretty poor. it's no wonder he never made another movie. still, despite the infamous sex scene (which is explicit but pretty brief), this a slow moving dull story which bored me silly. the good acting by detmers only helped to a certain point. mostly i was looking at my watch waiting patiently for it to end. if it didn't have that sequence this movie would have been forgotten long ago. dull and slow. you can skip this one.

this italian movie is basically a soap opera with skin.the vhs box said it was rated "r" but the into on the actual tape inside said it was "x." the latter makes a lot more sense because there is a short scene near the end that was shocking. even in the dark, you could see dutch actress marishcka detmers performing all sex on this guy - and, yes, you could see his penis in her mouth. i read somewhere that this was the first time where a "mainline actress" had done something like this on screen.detmers parades around in the nude on several scenes but her face was even better than her body. she looked beautiful. unfortunately, the movie is ugly....a real waste of time and certainly not recommended despite detmers' looks.

a so common horror story about a luxury building at brooklyn which hides the gates to hell. it is reminiscent of polanski's "the tenant" (released a year before "the sentinel"), but is too far from the movie of the polish filmmaker in any aspect possible. "the tenant" was so disturbing, whereas "the sentinel" is not at all.what it's more surprising from this film is the cast: it is full of great names of american cinema (burguess, gardner, wallach), veteran actors acting for food (i guess).verdict: barely entertaining.*my rate: 4/10

universal's answer to "the exorcist" isn't a very good one. unfortunately, the film offers bland, unimaginative direction from michael winner who wastes an outstanding cast with a screenplay massing crater-sized plot-holes. not to mention, it's unbearably silly never explaining certain key elements within the story.model cristina raines moves into a high-rise owned by the catholic church with a creepy, blind priest john carradine, who holes up in there always at the window. she begins to suffer faint spells and nausea. what's worse is tenants she meets in the building such as burgess meredith(with a cat and a canary!)and a young beverly d'angelo as a lesbian. ava gardner(looking great at 55)is the realtor who showed raines the place. cristina's lover is chris sarandon, whose wife "committed suicide" after finding out they were having an affair. josé ferrer has a small role as the "priest of the brotherhood" who informs monsignor arthur kennedy to be careful as he heads to the very high-rise not only housing carradine but raines as well. sarandon sends a hired-hand up to the high-rise one night to check out a certain room above cristina's apartment where she heard metallic clanging and other loud racket. he winds up dead the very same night cristina "kills" her dead father in a nightmare. screaming mad on the street, cristina does indeed have blood on her which leads police detective eli wallach and partner christopher walken to investigate them with sure certainty that it all somehow leads back to sarandon who is a hot-shot lawyer who once beat the cop in court regarding the whole wife's suicide. that case is really a motivating factor is wallach's dogged approach to finding out whose blood was really on cristina and if sarandon has anything to do with it. you also have martin balsam as a professor who understands this type of latin cristina mysteriously understands and unbilled actors such as jeff goldblum as a fashion photographer and tom berenger as a man interested in this certain room that has become available in the very room(now renovated)that cristina once stayed in! what bothers me more than anything is lack of explanation. towards the end of the film wallach and walken are forgotten and we are left wondering why they just up and quit investigating. their characters are just left on the back-burner. how the priests know that "now is the time" when a certain man will die and must be replaced to guard a certain gate in that high-rise and why cristina suffers through the trauma she does isn't adequately explained. how certain ghosts just appear to cristina and disappear when she tries to show gardner the rooms they occupied during a cat's birthday(see for yourself)isn't adequately explained. not to mention gardner's role in the grand scheme of things..she brings people to that high-rise, but what is really her reasons in the film? it seems like this film should've been longer and cleared things up left lost to a rushed conclusion that is just laughable when it should be scary.

if this is all the watchowski's have to offer in terms of a back story to the matrix, than i really have to question the claims of all of the fans who believe that the movies are intended to register on a deeper level. the second renaissance, while visually stunning & beautiful is, story-wise cliched & ludicrous. how many times have we heard the story of humans relying too much on technology, humans all-too eager to make war, humans basically destroying themselves? there is nothing new here. and i have another question. considering the plot of the second renaissance, doesn't that make the machines the good guys?! the machines are oppressed for generations by their cruel human overmasters. they fight back, win their freedom and seek to establish a peaceful harmonious coexistence with the humans, who reject them in favor of all-out war, which the cleverer machines naturally win. if this is the back-story, then we shouldn't be rooting for neo, we should be rooting for the machines! the humans were cruel and oppressive, while the machines were courageous and attepted to be compassionate. since i do not believe that the watchowski's intend for us to favor the machines over the humans, i have to believe that the second renaissance was simply a misguided attempt @ creating a back-story.

the second renaissance, part 1 let's us show how the machines first revolted against the humans. it all starts of with a single case, in which the machines claim that they have a right to live as well, while the humans state a robot is something they own and therefore can do anything with they want.although an interesting premise, the story gets really silly from then on with (violent!) riots between the robots and mankind. somehow it doesn't seem right, as another reviewer points it, it's all a little too clever.the animatrix stories that stay close to the core of the matrix (in particular osiris) work for the best. as for second renaissance part 1, i'd say it's too violent and too silly. 4/10.

prison is set in wyoming where work on a new prison has hit a problem so the state board decide to re-open an old state penitentiary that has been closed for 20 years, warden eaton sharpe (lane smith) is put in charge. 200 odd prisoners are shipped in & they are put to work fixing the rundown prison up including burke (viggo mortensen) who is ordered to break into the old execution chamber, he duly obliges but when he penetrates the bricked up door an intense beam of light shoots out & all the electrics, gas & fire around the prison goes crazy for a few minutes. burke has unwittingly unleashed a deadly evil force which is in the mood for some killing & no-one is safe...directed by renny harlin i thought prison was a poor late 80's horror flick that seemed to forget about the small point of having a story. the script was by empire pictures regular c. courtney joyner who was responsible for writing such 'classics' as class of 1999 (1990), puppet master iii: toulon's revenge (1991) & puppet master vs. demonic toys (2004) amongst other low budget horror crap that even i haven't heard of & seems to take itself very seriously. the biggest problems i have with prison are that it's far too slow, it's over 30 minutes into the film before the 'evil force' is even released although the pace does pick up towards the end but by then it was too little too late as far as i was concerned, then there's the fact there's no discernible storyline here at all. for a start it never tries to explain why there's an 'evil force' bricked up in the old execution chamber, it never explains why this force decides to kill random inmates when it's supposed to be out on a revenge mission or why it just doesn't kill warden sharpe straight away, no explanation is given to where burke fits into it even though he looks exactly the same as the prisoner who was electrocuted & has come back, there's no real explanation as to how the warden is connected to everything that's going on apart from two early nightmare sequences in which he seems to be remembering something although it's never revealed what it is or why. to be honest i couldn't really give you a plot synopsis as the film doesn't have a rigid story which it follows all the way through. the character's are dull & forgettable, the murders are few & far between, the pacing is way off, the whole film is a mess & even ghosts can't shoot straight when it comes to trying to shoot the hero. a less than satisfactory way to spend 100 odd minutes, there really are better things you could be doing.director harlin's full american flick debut he does a good job & there's a decent atmosphere but after over an hour of constant drab, dull, dark prison cells & corridors i started to get bored. i just think the look of the film is far too repetitive, bland & frankly lifeless. i didn't think it was scary & the gore is pretty tame apart from the best moment in the entire film when a police guard gets killed when a load of barb wire wraps itself around his body & face with a nice close up of his throat being torn open. other than that there's a burnt corpse & a mangled body which falls from the ceiling & very little else. there is a scene when the warden burns all the prisoner mattresses in front of them & then makes them stand all night in their underwear in the yard, i was watching this scene & thought that you'd never get away with doing something like that. over here prisoners have rights & if the warden did something like that there would be a national outcry from all those humanitarians & every prisoner would sue the warden, the prison service & the government for everything they had & they'd win!with a supposed budget of about $4,000,000 prison actually had a pretty healthy budget although it doesn't really look like it on screen, sure there's a decent cast & the few special effects that are included are good but overall it's set in the same location with limited ambition. prison was actually shot in a real wyoming state prison so it certainly looks the business. the acting is alright, prison proves that sometimes hollywood stars not only have one crap horror film skeleton in their closets but in the case of mortensen he has two with this & the awful the return of the texas chainsaw massacre (1994) both of which i'm sure he'd like to forget about...prison is a dull, lifeless, colourless & humourless waste of 100 minutes, despite one good gore scene i didn't like it at all as i actually prefer my films to have a story rather than seemingly random events & incidents cobbled together with no narrative sense.

this solid little horror film is actually one of renny harlin's best. the story is pretty routine stuff, but the atmosphere is what really makes it come alive; in fact, the ghost story is almost an afterthought. the real horror comes from the prison setting itself, and renny h. spares no detail in showing us how bad the conditions are inside that crumbling, leaking, rat-infested old hellhole (with a sadistic warden, too!) viggo mortensen is excellent as usual in the lead role, supported by some very authentic-looking prisoners (there are no pretty boys in this cast.) horror fans should check this one out.

a huge hit upon release with australian audiences, it can still be funny today, but its over-the-top political incorrectness and blunt, unsubtle humour can make it a bit of a cringer. it goes on far too long; some of the content could have been saved for the sequel, barry mckenzie holds his own, which desperately needed some new stuff anyway. granted, his ocker aussie attitude is funny, but also becomes annoying as the film drags on. some say crocker's songs are the best bits, and they are certainly original, but "hilarious"? the adventures of barry mckenzie will go down as a landmark in australian cinema, but we should do everything in our power to make sure that overseas audiences do not see the majority of australians as barry mckenzies (or, for that matter, mick dundees!). rating: 5/10

looked forward to viewing this film and seeing these great actors perform. however, i was sadly disappointed in the script and the entire plot of the story. david duchovny,(dr. eugene sands),"connie & carla",'04, was the doctor in the story who uses drugs and losses his license to practice medicine. dr. sands was visiting a night club and was able to use his medical experience to help a wounded customer and was assisted by angelina jolie,(claire),"taking lives",'04, who immediately becomes attracted to dr. david sands. timothy hutton,(raymond blossom),"kinsey",'04, plays the big shot gangster and a man with all kinds of money and connections. timothy hutton seems to over act in most of the scenes and goes completely out of his mind trying to keep his gang members from being killed. gary dourdan,(yates),"csi-vegas tv series", plays a great supporting role and portrays a real cool dude who is a so-called body guard for raymond blossom. angelina jolie looks beautiful and sexy with her ruby red lips which draws a great deal of attention from all the men. this film is not the greatest, but it does entertain.

cool idea... botched writing, botched directing, botched editing, botched acting. sorta makes me wish i could play god and strike everyone involved in making this film with several bolts of lightning.

wow. i thought this might be insipid but it was even worse than i imagined! sometimes i like to watch a good "car-crash" movie: those that are so bad that you can't look away because you want to see how bad they can possibly get. this is really the only reason i could leave the television on - morbid fascination. it wasn't so much the acting, which was only mediocre or slightly worse than one would expect from this cast, but the premise and the plot which never should have seen the light of day. the script, too, is groan-inducing. as for cinematography, did anyone else notice that they used a "curtains drawing" segue device, like in an old 50's tv show...but without irony? at first i thought they must be kidding but the movie takes itself too seriously to have used this in a tongue-in-cheek manner. don't even ask me about the score...the only high point is the final song, by morcheeba. i guess they wanted to leave people with something for their $8...glad i saw it on tv!!!!! just silly! i wonder if this is why timothy hutton has had trouble finding much work recently? i guess if you don't expect much, and want to watch a mindless thriller, it would be better than spending an evening clipping your toenails, which is why it merits a 2.

it's hard to believe that in 1997 david duchovny was at the top of his fame, with x-files, one of the best sci-fi series ever, being at the top of the glory. nine years later he is almost forgotten, and his tentatives to make it on the big screen failed miserably. i cannot even explain why, he is a fair actor, but probably his moment of fame cast him in a eternal role that takes big talent to break from.at the same time angelina jolie was much less known, and she was really lucky that a film like 'playing god' did not led her career into a dead-end. fortunately for her, 'the bone collector' and 'girl, interrupted' were waiting beyond the corner, and when lara croft came, her career was launched.there is not too much to be told about this film. it's the only big screen film of andy wilson, and there must be a reason. all is banal and most of what happens on the screen expected in this story of an ex-doctor who saves the life of a shooting victim in a bar only to find himself working for the mob. the off-screen voice is especially bad, with a moralistic text that kills any shade of cinematographic experience from the film. you probably will not meet the film but in dvd rental stores, or on tv. try to look for something better.

not even timothy hutton or david duchovny could save this dead fish of a film. for starters, the script was definitely written to be made into a b-film, but somehow duchovny (looking for a star vehicle to elevate himself out of television) and hutton (looking for the "two" of a "one-two punch" he had hoped would define his career after "ordinary people") became attached to the picture. cheesy lines, big bad wipes from scene to scene (come on--who uses wipes after 12th grade telecommunications class?), and plain old bad acting sink this film. even duchovny is not immune to the bad acting plague that is this film. only timothy hutton rises above the material at all. i must admit feeling duchovny's pain as he read the lines that are the voice-over. while i found myself laughing when i'm sure the director wanted me to feel terrified, nothing prepared me for the closing line of duchonvey's voice-over: "if you ever need a doctor, be sure to call 911." if only the studio had called 911, this dog of a motion picture would never have been made. avoid at all costs. 

cheesy script, cheesy one-liners. timothy hutton's performance a "little" over the top. david duchovny still seemed to be stuck in his fox mulder mode. no chemistry with his large-lipped female co-star.he needs gillian anderson to shine. he does not seem to have any talent of his own.

this film is a joke and quinton should be ashamed of himself, trying to pass this off as a modesty blaise film. if you are having trouble sleeping then all means rent this film. the stick figure they call a actress who is suppose to be modesty blaise has got to be the most boring person on this planet. maybe she could be used as a hat stand in the back ground of a real film.seventy-five minutes of nothing thank you who ever invented the fast forward button. if you see this film if you can call it that coming your way run. i can't help but think what 3rd world country could of used the money wasted of this crap. this film is boring the actors are boring waste of colour a waste air they breath if you would like to see mostey blaise film then watch the one they made in the 60's maybe that what the director should of done.

this is what happens when you're living in china and the local video store is running thin on english-language titlesyou are blessed with this work of what appears to be, yes, romanian cinema. nevertheless, i think that it has real comedic potential.spoilers technically follow:though i don't think that it would in fact spoil anyone's viewing pleasure to ask why a film set in a casino has a scene of beach archery, even in flashback. that mystery, and many other conundrums, remain to be exploited by desperate comedians, perhaps when they're stuck in bucharest.let me also wonder aloud why perfectly good-looking people allow themselves to abuse themselves on film like this. it's sad.

oh my god, what a horrible film. the film has all the right people involved, unfortunately it is not worth watching. i saw it for free at my local library. if i had paid to watch this i would be even more upset. this film is unwatchable. how could tarintino be involved with such a slow paced, unexciting film. no wonder it didn't get much distribution, every one involved must have been ashamed. i can make a better film with a dated camcorder and my big toe. its beyond boring, i really hated it. tarintino just lost some standing in my eyes. this must be some kind of sick joke. don't bother with this film. if some one even hints you should watch it, kill them.

me neither, but this flick is unfortunately one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be awful, which makes it utterly pointless and a total waste of time. there's nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie, and my name is modesty: whatever the subtitle is takes mediocrity to a new level. it's full of b-actors but isn't any fun whatsoever because it takes itself seriously. it sets itself up as a thriller but then turns into some kind of growing-up drama, flashback style. the beautiful alexandra staden, smothered beyond recognition under makeup, more resembles a cast member from top model than modesty blaise. i'm not one of those die-hard comic book freaks who wants every adaptation of his precious "graphic novels" to be pitch-perfect - in fact i've never even read modesty blaise - all i wanted was a decent movie to watch. but this wasn't it. the film feels half-finished, with a weak and very unexciting conclusion to a rather weak plot. it also takes its audience for idiots, explaining every tiny detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago (i guess they think we all have alzheimers).now i love a good b-movie - what's better than just turning your brain off and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a calzone? - and "modesty" is directed by none other than scott spiegel, who brought us the wonderful splatter crap flick from dusk till dawn 2: texas blood money! i loved from dusk till dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad b-movie should bring to the table - nudity, gore, guns, you name it. "modesty" is just dull. the flashback concerning modesty's life isn't interesting. the acting isn't bad enough to be laughed at. in fact, i kinda liked nikolaj coaster-waldau's (hey buddy, pseudonyms are your friends!) performance as the baddie.so overall it's just lame. weak. uninspired. call it what you will. don't watch anything because tarantino presents it, people. this is just a very forgettable, half-hearted thriller, and it never tries to be more than that. allow me to round off this review with a very lame pun (seriously, even i'm cringing): my name is modesty: a modesty waste of time - 4/10

this is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression.. story writing is what movie making is about. incredible visual effects.. very good acting, especially from shue. everything is perfect.. except.. the story is just poor and so, everything fails.picture this, if you had the power to be invisible.. what would you do? well, our mad scientist here (played by kevin bacon) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women.. this is all his supposedly "genius" mind could think of. does he try to gain extra power? no. he doesn't even bother research a way to get back to being visible. the guy is basically a sex crazed maniac.add to that, the lab atmosphere, you have all these young guys.. throwing around jokes like they were in a bar.. if it wasn't for all the white coats and equipment, you would think this is a bad imitation of "cheers." very shallow and poor personalities and very little care is put into making you think these guys are anything but lambs for the hollow man's wolf.even as a thriller, the movie falls way short because most of the "thrilling" scenes are written out so poorly and are full of illogical behaviors by the actors that are just screaming "this is just a stupid thing i have to do so that the hollow man can find me alone and kill me."if you read the actual book, while the scientist (cane) goes after women, there is a lot of mental manipulation and disturbing thought that goes into his character. in the movie, cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it. just sad.

going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac. so right away you're guessing who will live and who will die. the survivors end up being exactly who you'd expect them to be, so no points for plot twists there.and if you're not sure if this is a b-movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story, william devane plays a part: instant b-movie status.the movie is promising in the beginning. at the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent. oooh, foreboding. the best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again. great special effects. same thing when they make bacon invisible.there are a couple of bare breasts, a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an r-rating that it really didn't need.for a thriller there weren't really any surprises, except when shue makes like macgyver in the freezer, which is more of a 'whaaaa?' ok, there is one surprise. that's when caine (bacon) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft. it was a surprise but only because you're yelling at tv, 'noooo! you're dead already! end the movie!' speaking of yelling at the tv,that's all i did for the last 25 minutes or so. 'put on your f#@%ing goggles!' instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him, they try every other trick in the book (fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems...).the story really lost it at the end. but the special effects were good; that's the only reason i give it a 2/10.

leave it to paul "sex on the brain" verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the invisible man story. if he'd direct a pokemon film, i'm sure he'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts. i don't mind sex or even sleaze (check my other reviews) on film but frankly, it's obvious the director has a one track mind and he couldn't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it. it's a shame because it could have been good if the film didn't spend so much time having an invisible kevin bacon grope women. the game cast of actors does what it can with the one-note cheesy script but i felt bad for some of them, including william devane, who is totally wasted here.but then what could i have expected from the director of showgirls, which, btw, is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film.

(some spoilers) - as if you wouldn't know how it'll endmy expectations for hollow man were high. a very good commercial, a director like paul verhoeven and actors like kevin bacon and elisabeth shue, plus a very interesting theme - invisibility. every premise for a great movie was accomplished. unfortunately these things didn't matter at all. the movie was very very week, without suspense and awfully predictable. it's all about a bunch of scientists who discovered invisibility. after the tests on animals succeeded, kevin bacon decides to test it on himself. once he's invisible, he changes completely, realizing the advantages of not being seen. from this to murder there's a very thin line.hollow man is an ill movie. it suffers of the disease that many new movies have: the special effects. from a challenging theme that could have lead the producers to a great tensed psychological thriller, verhoeven ruins everything focusing only on special effects, without giving a damn about the real value of the movie. i must admit, the fx are awesome, probably the best i have seen since matrix, but that's not enough to make a movie good. actually that's the problem with the movies today. just like verhoeven, most directors care only about spectacular scenes - and nothing more. the exceptions are very few, and probably the matrix is the only movie that combines perfectly fabulous special effects and great plot.after starship troopers, verhoeven disappoints again. in stead of a great film, hm is cr*p. there are only 2 reasons why you could watch this movie: 1. the special effects 2. the joke with superman and wonder woman (i won't spoil this moment for you...)okay, so what went wrong with the movie? everything. let's see what i can remember.--- it's not tensed at all. it should've been, but it's not.--- it's too predictable . you know from the beginning who will die and who will live.--- in stead of focusing on the psychological part, verhoeven cares only about the effects.--- very many cliches. --- of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying.--- just like in every low quality horror, the first rule is to let the characters separate as much as possible. every time there is somebody alone in the lab, perfect victim for bacon.--- some holes in the plot. example: at the beginning, bacon has to scan his finger to enter the lab. after he's invisible, how can he do that?--- the ending: absolutely horrible.--- after shue hits bacon in the head, bacon falls down to the ground. then shue and brolin leave quietly and slowly, without looking back. is that normal? then bacon gets up, attacks them, they "kill" him again. and then shue screams "i heard an explosion" (happened minutes ago), and they suddenly run inside. didn't she hear that explosion some time before?--- there's a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging above the actors. come on, mr verhoeven , i expected much more from you!so that's about hollow man. what was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam. vote: 4 out of 10 (for the special effects)

i get to the cinema every week or so, and regularly check out this site, but never before have i felt compelled to comment on a film.to my all time list of shockingly bad films - last man standing, spawn, the bone collector - i can now add the drivel that was 'hollow man'.from the awful opening titles - a ridiculously over-long run through of cast and crew put together with alphabetti spaghetti - through to the insulting finale - a world record number of cliches and some of the most absurd dialogue and acting to have ever made it to cinema - this film is dismal, and only the impressive computer graphics keep you from walking out long before the end.this isn't just my opinion - it was that of my friends, and everyone around us. when large sections of an audience are laughing and groaning during and after a serious thriller, its clear that the film is hopeless.not only that, it was sick too. the director took the action beyond the bounds of realistic fare for a violent film, and into the realms of an over the top blood soaked b-movie. it's difficult not to imagine the director as some sort of dirty old man, because the extent of the invisible man's forays out of the lab and into the outside world extended only to two attempts at having a feel of some breasts. perhaps sex could well be the first thing on a bloke's mind if made invisible, but aside from the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved, it hardly makes entertaining cinema.[spoilers follow]get past the films sick exterior, and things are even worse. whilst kevin bacon does a good job of acting increasingly twisted as 'hollow man', the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a dire script - do an even better job of being hollow cast. one long time member of the team is found strangled in a locker by the invisible man, "he's finally snapped" shrugs one colleague without a hint of emotion. this is par for the course, and the lab team swing between sheer terror and complete indifference with such speed that you wonder how they got into acting. they pad their way through the lab corridors terrified, guns poised, but then seconds later one of the crew skips happily off back down the corridor to get blood for a hurt colleague. the lead female treats the invisible man with courtesy and good humour even after he's insulted and abused her, and there seems to be little reaction to his breakouts, even after he drowns the pentagon chief, "he drowned in his pool last night" reports the same female, spectacularly failing to put two and two together.the script is littered with this kind of badly acted pedestrian dialogue, and the rest is just an a-z of film cliches, which get laid on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of complete disbelief and amusement at the end.the 'eureka' moment at the computer, the female undressing at the window, the looped security video - the list really is endless - the predictable disregard for strength in numbers, the decision not to kill the two main stars but just put them in a place of probable impending death and leave them to their own devices, the almost-dead good guy appearing out of nothing to save the woman, the bomb and ubiquitous countdown timer, the fireball explosion which just burns up before reaching the heroes, the falling lift which just stops before hitting them, and more than anything else, the immortality of the bad guy.the invisible man is burnt to a shred with a makeshift flame-thrower, electrocuted, whacked round the head with a bar which had just sliced straight through one of the lesser actors, and then having apparently survived the explosion, fireball and total destruction of the labs, has more than enough life left to climb up through the fireball for one last pop at the films heroes - by which stage the disbelieving audience are cringing and looking at their watches.that this exceptionally bad film actually made it to the cinema is astounding. even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself, and not even impressive special effects come anywhere near saving this one, which should be avoided at all costs.

one could wish that an idea as good as the "invisible man" would work better and be more carefully handled in the age of fantastic special effects, but this is not the case. the story, the characters and, finally the entire last 20 minutes of the film are about as fresh as a mad-scientist flick from the early 50's. there are some great moments, mostly due to the amazing special effects and to the very idea of an invisible man stalking the streets. but alas, soon we're back in the cramped confinement of the underground lab, which means that the rest of the film is not only predictable, but schematic.there has been a great many remakes of old films or tv shows over the past 10 years, and some of them have their charms. but it's becoming clearer and clearer for each film that the idea of putting ol' classics under the noses of eager madmen like verhoeven (who does have his moments) is a very bad one. it is obvious that the money is the key issue here: the time and energy put into the script is nowhere near enough, and as a result, "hollow man" is seriously undermined with clichés, sappy characters, predictability and lack of any depth whatsoever.however, the one thing that actually impressed me, beside the special effects, was the swearing. when making this kind of film, modern producers are very keen on allowing kids to see them. therefore, the language (and, sometimes, the violence and sex) is very toned down. when the whole world blows up, the good guys go "oh darn!" and "oh my god". "hollow man" gratefully discards that kind of hypocrisy and the characters are at liberty to say what comes most natural to them. i'm not saying that the most natural response to something gone wrong is to swear - but it makes it more believable if someone actually swears. i think we can thank verhoeven for that.

the invisible man is a fantastic movie from 1933, a cutting edge film for it's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible. go ahead, take a look at the film, you will be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first true special effects movie. come 2000, computer aided special effects seem like child's play, audiences are not blown away by special effects, instead they are disappointed if they are not done right. the special effects in hollow man, the update of the hg wells story, are ok, but not the biggest problem with this film directed by paul verhoeven, who you might remember from showgirls and total recall. kevin bacon plays sebastian caine, a scientist dabbling in the world of bio-invisibilation (yeah, i know that's not a word) but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team's funding. so, as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation (yeah, i know, i used that non-word again) process. the process has dire consequences, no caine does not die, but instead becomes a horny, violent creature, aka a guy. now that he's invisible, caine stalks a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, former girlfriend linda (elisabeth shue), and the man who took away his funding. then a funny thing happens, caine becomes a new supernatural being, "the thing that won't die." laughing in the face of all things natural, caine faces down death and spits in it's face, as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die, dragging the ending of the movie out. the movie is silly, stupid, and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. there are neat possibilities in hollow man, but of course, not one of them is explored. for a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for some good old-fashioned black and white cinema, and check out the 1933 invisible man. kevin bacon will still be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.

for those who'd like to see this movie? i'd say: go! without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. but the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. but the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. i ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? i think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.

my title above says it all. let me make it clearer. if you have seen the bbc's "planet earth" , which i am sure most of you have , then you are not gonna like this movie too much. and i own all the discs of "planet earth" i had seen the rating for this movie very high , and read good reviews about it. i was excited to check it out.alas, i went to the theater and the movie started , i saw it was a disney movie with production companies listing bbc and discovery. and when they started the first scenes about the polar bear, i recognized them from my dvds at home of "planet earth".the movie continued and went on and on and on , me and my friends kept on recognizing the scenes were all from "planet earth".we were very very disappointed , as i think 90% of the footage is from "planet earth" . i am saying 90% , because some of the scenes i didn't recognize. i have a feeling that i simply didn't remember them.so finally what this movie really is , is a compilation of different footages from the different discs of "planet earth" , with a narration aimed at kids. yes, the narration is quite kiddish. let me give you an example. when they show the polar cubs walking away from the mother cub , the narrator says "the polar cubs are not like human kids. they don't always listen to their mothers" ( i don't remember the exact words , but this is how it is ) so in a nutshell. this is condensed "planet earth" for kids !

a lot of death happens in the wild. you don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out! but does it need to be the focus of a nature documentary? what is with this fascination with gruesome death? do we really have to see an adult elephant torn to shreds by a pack of hungry lions? or, a cheetah grabbing a gazelle by the throat in slow motion, no less! i thought this was going to be a family-friendly nature film! and, why not have the courage to show the gruesome violence in the film's trailers? were the filmmakers afraid of losing money?then in typical, comic relief fashion we get to see the magnificent birds-of-paradise perform mating rituals to the most annoying and stupid narration humanly possible. it was surreal! it's as if the filmmakers believed they were only addressing a roomful of first and second graders on a school field trip! wow! from the mean to the moronic in a heartbeat!if there are any future nature documentary filmmakers waiting in the wings reading this film review, why not focus on: animals actually copulating; giving birth; laying eggs; bathing; sleeping; cleaning each other; socializing; playing; emotional displays other than fear and anger; unusual behaviors, like mouth brooding; migration; problem solving skills; culture (yes, many animal species have what humans call culture); communication skills; parenting, healing abilities, etc. in other words, stop focusing on violence or dumbing down beauty, and why not be much more well-rounded - and focus on delight and inspiration, instead?

i find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged. the only saving grace in the whole thing is the body of ariauna in her sexy uniform. her humour is also to be appreciated. she is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage. however she must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. can't say the same for her co star lilith with her whining voice that grates on your nervous system. appeared disinterested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was all that was needed. all said apart from ariauna's performance it is indeed utter trash.

ariauna albright is a really good actress but why she participated in this lame written travesty is a mystery. what could have been entertaining winds up as classic boredom. the unique thing about ariauna is that she can act as well as look real sexy as opposed to her partner lilith stabs who looks fine but it is obvious she spent the money for acting school at the spa or beautician. this was a production that cried out for some t & a & with a imaginative script writer could have achieved it in the flow of things. however ariauna does what she can under the circumstances & to a extent salvages her reputation. the tempe company should be aware that when you dress two attractive women in skimpy fetish cop uniforms the viewers will expect some fetish play & t & a. nough said.

way back when, the x-files was an intelligent, thought-provoking show. a big part of its appeal was that the writers looked to folklore and science for their ideas, tying the plot to the spooky side of real life.i was incredibly wary of the 8th season when it aired. the show had already provided two perfectly good episodes to bow out on ("one son" and "requiem"), and the 7th season had seen a sharp rise in episodes that scraped the barrel for ideas that were far-fetched, implausible, or downright silly. but i figured, hey, give it the benefit of a doubt, maybe they're bringing it back because they've got some great ideas lined up."roadrunners" really was upsetting. following "patience", which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore that the show had done well to avoid, the episode sees a strange (alien?) parasitic slug with the power of mind control worshipped by a cult of backwoods christians. oh, and they think it's the second coming of christ, but you only find that out in the last couple of minutes. seriously. there's never *any* attempt to make sense of this, to explain what the slug is, why anything that's happening is happening, or anything. even in the show's early years - in fact, *especially* then - you could expect a little bit more depth, a bit of background, or if not that then the opposite - a bit of mystery, some uncertainty about what this was all about. it's scully that really kills it though. you could put up with the silliness of the premise, but to have a character who has been developed over a good 7 years as a rational skeptic transformed into a gullible maverick purely for the sake of advancing the plot is bizarre to watch. you feel like you're watching some godawful teen horror, except that it's a woman well into her thirties throwing herself into the kind of creepy isolated community that she's spent the best part of a decade uncovering the sinister underbelly of, being either outwitted by very stereotypical hicks or utterly indifferent to her own safety. oh, and by the way, doggett, the new mudler, isn't around. scully just wandered off into the desert to look into a brutal murder on her own without him. he shows up at the end to save the day - i can't even remember why - but apart from that, he's not really in it. again: seriously.in short, it feels like either a generic script written for another show, or someone's pet movie project which they've been allowed to shove like a mutant leech into the spine of an existing, long-running show at a time when it was at its most vulnerable. it might've worked on a lesser show, where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. but the x-files had a good thing going, and scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic tv characters of the 90s. deciding that you're going to change her personality for the sake of a story that they must've done on star trek a good fifty or so times is pointless.

one of boris karloff's real clinkers. essentially the dying karloff (looking about 120 years older than he was)is a scientist in need of cash to finish his experiments before he dies. moving from morocco where his funding is taken over by someone else he goes to the south of france where he works a s physician while trying to scrap enough money to prove his theories. desperate for money he makes a deal with the young rich wife of a cotton baron who is dying. she will fund him if he helps her poison the husband so she can take his money and carry on with a gigolo (who i think is married). if you think i got that from watching the movie you're wrong, i had to read what other people posted to figure out happened. why? because this movie had me lost from two minutes in.i had no idea what was going on with its numerous characters and multiple converging plot lines. little is spelled out and much isn't said until towards the end by which time i really didn't care. its a dull mess of interest purely for karloff's performance which is rather odd at times. to be honest this is the only time i've ever seen him venture into bela lugosi bizarre territory. its not every scene but a few and makes me wonder how much they hung out.

this has been put out on the dvd market by alpha, and it's for die-hard boris karloff fans (like moi) only. it's not a horror flick, but a drama where boris is a struggling scientist agreeing to kill a wealthy woman's husband in order to gain the fortune needed to continue with his work. but once the dying victim changes his will and leaves his spouse nothing, all hell breaks loose.it's appeasing enough seeing karloff as another selfish sinister type, and some of the acting is unintentionally hilarious (especially from the leading lady mona goya who is absolutely a laugh riot as the double-crossed wife).but proceed with much caution.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** juggernaut is a british made "thriller" released in the us by first national. karloff is dr. sartorius who has to leave his research because his funds have dried up. karloff is forced to retreat to france and start up a medical practice. he is propositioned by a conniving woman who wants to get rid of her much older husband. she knows karloff needs the money.karloff agrees to the proposition and soon becomes the personal doctor of the husband. all the while, the wife is prancing about town with the local no good playboy. karloff finally injects the old geyser with poison and he kicks off. however, his son (from another marriage) arrives a few days before the killing and finds out the will has been changed. when he spills the beans to the wife, she goes berserk and even bites the son's hand.meanwhile, karloff's nurse has misplaced the hypo karloff used to kill the old man. when karloff finds out he isn't getting any money, he asks the wife to poison the son. the nurse suspects karloff and finds the missing hypo. analysis shows poison, but not quite in time as karloff kidnaps the nurse.to make a long story short, the nurse escapes, gets the police, and manages to save the son who is about to be injected by karloff. karloff instead injects himself and dies.this movie does have some good points. karloff is possessed and plays the type of mad doctor he did in the devil commands and the man who lived again. it is peculiar, however, to see him walk around stiffly and slightly hunched over. we never find out why he is walking this way. i suspect the director thought it made him more sinister.the actress playing the 2-timing wife overacts something terrible. she has a french accent. even though she overacts badly, you still manage to hate her (or maybe you hate her because of her acting...).a little below average for a karloff vehicle. if you buy the sinister cinema vhs copy, the audio is a bit choppy.

this movie is all ultra-lightweight fluff, predictable from beginning to end. as a don knotts vehicle, "the incredible mr. limpet" was much better, with knott's character there not nearly as incompetent or ignorant. his performance there was toned down, with none of his trademark goggle-eyed stare, although that may have something to do with him being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. knotts made a living of playing the likable imbecile, much as bob denver did. neither really seemed to be able to break out to other types of roles, assuming they were simply typecast. it was probably because of the slouch, the wild stare and the high-pitched voice. john ritter, whom knotts worked with in "three's company," was able to transcend his genre, branching out successfully into dramatic roles like "the dreamer of oz," but the closest knotts ever got was a small role in "pleasantville." even leslie nielsen was a bad fit here, uncomfortably neither straight dramatic actor as he was at the time nor deadpan comedic actor as he later became in "airplane!" and "police squad."there's also no way the then-43 year-old knotts could pass for a 35 year-old, as his character insisted he was. it was as ludicrously unbelievable as tom hanks at 38 playing the college-age forrest gump.the film was clearly made on a shoestring budget, very much looking like a hastily-filmed tv episode. it's especially evident in the "exterior" scenes of the "town" where roy goes after he's fired. it's unlikely even a pre-schooler would be fooled by the mayberry-like soundstage artificiality.even viewing this strictly as a children's movie, it's very disappointing. it's not because it lacks action or special effects, although it does. the pace is much too slow, the situations repetitive. how many times can you watch roy getting onto a bus? a comedy for kids should at least sometimes be madcap, with breakneck gags, otherwise you risk boring them (and any adults in the theater as well). movies, even kid's movies, have improved quite a bit in the intervening decades. even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written. disney's "the love bug," for instance, at least had some interesting race action.

after leaving tv's popular "the andy griffith show", don knotts gave movie stardom a valiant try with a series of inane but matinée-pleasing comedy vehicles. unfortunately, "the reluctant astronaut", filmed on the cheap (as were most of knotts' movies), is much worse than his others. don plays a small town schnook who gets accepted to astronaut training camp...but not as a candidate for space travel--they want him as their new janitor! some may say the weak satire capitalizes on americans' then-fresh fever for the new age of technology, but the flick is really just a dim excuse to keep restless children occupied. it gets off to a good start, with an ok set-up and nostalgic locations, but it becomes increasingly more spiritless and idiotic. * from ****

i love don knotts, let me just say that up-front! he is an enormous talent and the best at what he does, which is portray a nervous, lovably befuddled loser thrown into a position of authority. he is fabulous in this role as roy fleming, the reluctant astronaut, but the film is pretty dull, really, even though as a kid my brother and i delighted in watching this and his other films. it's still worth watching but really it's a film that is best enjoyed by children. i'd categorize it as 100% family-friendly and something you could sit down and watch with your kids on a family night.as with all of knotts' films, there's a great cast of beloved character actors and you can't help but smile when knotts gives one of his shaky, open-mouthed stares, no matter how old and jaded you are.from an adult perspective, one thing i think that is great about this film is how it captures nasa in the 1960s -- all the new modern buildings, the hope, the optimism, the future! and i was surprised at how suave and studly leslie neilsen was back then. only complaint about the story is roy's love interest, a rather threadbare, unlikeable woman who can't give him the time of day until he becomes a big shot -- if you're like me, you'll be hoping that he gives her the shove-off at the end. beware -- you'll be whistling the theme tune for days after watching, it's that catchy.

i guess i only have myself to blame for the gigantic disillusion that is "entrails of a virgin". you already know not to expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this and the first impression only gets extra confirmed when noticing the film is a mid-80's production from japan. now, there are quite a lot of demented and sick filmmakers active in japan, but kazuo komizu surpasses them all with his thoroughly depraved and sickening trilogy revolving on nothing but aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls. not even attempting to tell a story, "entrails of a virgin" simply presents a hodgepodge of un-arousing semi-pornographic sex and truly poor gore-effects that wouldn't even please the most undemanding fan of cheesy 80's horror. images of a bunch of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably intercut with scenes of a filthy pervert having crude sex with a seemly under-aged girl. he dumps her not even a minute after climaxing (typical) and she begs him to stay, even if she has to share him with other women. i don't get it. is this supposed to represent a general male fantasy? because it's really clichéd and wrongful. anyways, back to the bunch of horny photographers and docile models. surprised by upcoming fog on their way home, the group entrenches themselves in an abandoned country house where they have more appalling sex and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous sex-demon who kills them all. the acting performances are amateurish, the dialogs inane and primitive and komizu's direction is weak and uninspired. i can tolerate all that, including the woman-unfriendly portrayal of sex, but i came too close to turning the film off during the indescribably mean-spirited wrestling sequence. one of the males brutally hits, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a filthy whore until she literally pees her panties and cries with agony. this sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low-point of asian exploitation cinema. one to avoid and maybe even boycott.

entrails of a virgin is so bizarre and incomprehensible that it allows the viewer to interpret it subjectively, applying whatever meaning he wishes to its inexplicable excesses of sex and violence. if this was an intentional characteristic of the film, it would be a work of postmodern brilliance-but of course it isn't. without getting too much into plot summary, let's take a quick walking tour of the events. at a secluded cabin, an orgy is in progress, which includes topless wrestling and diaper p***ing. a vanload of latecomers joins the orgy in progress, but they have unwittingly been followed by a monster i like to call "the muddy ninja." this monster precedes to slay orgy participants one by one, except the proverbial virgin (if you don't count oral sex) who receives his seed and consequently becomes so passionate with desire that she masturbates with someone's severed hand. finally she has her guts pulled out, and then there's a scene which seems to imply that she's pregnant with a baby muddy ninja. got all that? if you're going to rent this movie, it's best if you don't speak japanese and don't have any subtitles. in a season populated by boring hollywood flicks, putting this in your vcr might be the cinematic equivalent of shock therapy. it will certainly be something different.

less self-conscious and much less pretentious than guts of a beauty, this kazuo komizu gore flick is worth a look (at least once).sleazy snapshotters escort wanna-be actresses/models to a remote house in the woods in order to sexually molest them. unfortunately (for the horny boys), a long-schlonged demon, who lives in the woods, has already targeted the girls for fun.the thing even ends up having fun with the boys -- that's if you consider beheadings, dismemberment and masturbation with severed limbs "fun".once again, it all sounds better on paper than it looks and sounds on film.just as komizu mangled living dead at tokyo bay with his ineptitude, he also mangles this effort and is only saved by some audacious violence and some great white panty shots.don't buy the hype, though, or you'll be sorely disappointed.

ok the plot is, wait you got me there is no true discernible plot here just a string of optically fogged sex scenes, strung together by scenes of photographers taking pictures of pretty ladies (sometimes a combination of the two) then a demon comes around kills the men, rapes and kills the women, and waxes poetic about the meaning of life. moronic special effects, bad acting and bizarre philosophy aside, you get what you expect from a film with a title like this. i guess it would have to be someone's cup of tea, just not mine as i have yet to see a good kazuo 'gaira' komizu directed film.dvd extras: subtitled interview with director kazuo komizu part 1 (part 2 is on the entrails of a beautiful woman dvd); and theatrical tailermy grade: f

maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the dvd, which is with the director as he keeps saying "hi, kids" into the camera like a buffoon), but i had expectations for entrails of a virgin to be at least a bit of sleazy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal, bloody killings by a weird japanese penetrator. turns out it's way too sleazy for its own good, or bad, or whatever. there's a problem- and one can see this also in the italian sexploitation flick porno holocaust, similar to this in many respects- in not having balance to the sex and violence. too much sex and it will turn into a prototypical porno, and not even with much production quality in comparison with most professional porno movies! and with the killing scenes, there has to be at least a little tack, and maybe just a smidgen of ingenuity, in creating the creature/killer/whatever. entrails of a virgin has neither. it's safe to say it's a pretty soulless movie, even if isn't one of the very worst ever made- it's there just for horn-dog japanese fetishists to get off on girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in their 'other' heads.in this case, we're given a photo team where the guys are taking some shots of some girls, nothing too salacious, and then by way of a dense fog they stay off at some house one night and are picked off one by one by "a murderer" as he's credited. first off, the director kazuo 'gaira' komizu decides he has to put in a quota of random sex scenes early on- we get spliced in (or phoned in, take your pick) clips of one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. it looks like it's from another movie. then once settled into the house, there's a 'wrestling' scene that's poorly choreographed and shot (yeah, we really need to see him 'all' there), and then on to the rape and killings. first the rape, by the photographers, who promise the girls some jobs for their time. then the murderer, who like d'amato's creature is simply covered in mud and given a stupid facial, and who for an unknown reason kills the men and/or rapes the women one by one.now, the latter of those, taken by themselves, should be considered the highlights of the movie. this is like saying, however, that the croûtons are the best part of a wretchedly tasting salad. an eye-gouging scene, a spike thrown like an olympic event (that scene, actually, is kind of cool), and finally the entrailing of the overly sex-crazed girl, whose inconsequential name i can't remember. even *this* becomes disappointing just by not being correct to the title! on top of this, the sex scenes, which become tedious through 'gaira' and his indulgence in long-takes-without-cutaways where everything by the japanese censors is blurred anyway, are dubbed over by the actors (you'd think that they seem to be enjoying themselves enough, hence the need to let them 'speak' for themselves). but the overall feeling from entrails of a virgin is that of a lumpy one, where it's just there to be gawked at and without a shred of suspense or true horror (watch as the last girl left alive, the virgin of the picture, tries to stop the murderer from getting to her, which lasts five minutes as she keeps throwing sticks at him!) you just want it to be done with, for the 'i hate women' mantra to ease up or be rid altogether.

given the title and outlandish box art, i was ready for just about anything. perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high, because i was left a little dry.a film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. where hasn't this set up been used before? the difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in japan for a long time, what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.amidst all the kinky goings on, a mud monster (whose origin i can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. some of the sights are a bit much, most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff, but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.ultimately the film is pulled down by it's own designs; it's too over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick. the mediums can work, but there need to be a balance.4/10

ok, well i rented this movie while i was bed ridden hopped up on pain killers, and let me say, it didn't help the film any.the film is about a man who buys a car as he is going through a midlife crisis, he loves the car more than anything around him, one day his wife decides to borrow the car. since i don't want to spoil (not that there was anything to spoil) i shall let your imagination figure out the "zany" (and i use that word lightly) antics that follow.i had to fight to stay awake through this snore a minute sleeper of a film, and i would like to say that if you are venturing to the movie store and are thinking about being adventurous, please don't, it's a waste of the film it was printed on.then again i could be wrong...

plot: an amorous couple decide to engage in some extra-marital hijinks in a flashy car. they then become stuck (literally) in a compromising position, while said car wanders aimlessly about the countryside until the hapless couple are rescued by the authorities.that's it. that's the entire movie. there may have been some dialogue here and there, but nothing comes to mind. it should be obvious by now that this movie is not just pointless, but actually physically painful to watch. the fact that it starred two of the uks best up-and-coming actors (one of whom is now sadly deceased) only adds to the horror.ian charleson was outstanding in the very much deserved oscar-winning 'chariots of fire'. let's remember him for that role, and try hard to pretend that this particular celluloidal abomination never happened.

cut to the chase, this is one of the five worst films that i've ever seen.not that they didn't try. there was some decent writing with some elements of structure in there, a good cast, some good acting. i'm not sure where it went wrong, but it went horribly wrong.some of the elements may have been bad structure and no substantive story, a lot of overacting by the lead (who probably is much better when restrained), some bad directing and editing. i had enough at about an hour, tearing my hair out at about a hour and a half and very agitated at the hour and fifty minutes it ran. there was also an insincerity about it all, being that i went with someone who used to be a heroin addict. he was agitated that it glamorized something that had nothing good to it. that was bolstered by the pretty 17 year-old girl who was in love with the 30 year-old junkie.and the frantic nature of the lead was a turn-off enough. there were clunky plot points that were an attempt at a structure, but the end result was listless and unending (with uneven time lines). the characters were colorful but to no end, which made me feel bad for the quality actors who you've just not seen enough.skip it. i assumed that this was a first-time director who was enamored by his own turds, but he has done this before. i'm puzzled how this and many other really bad ideas find someone who will actually give them money.

the fifth "black emanuelle" i've watched has, potentially, the most intriguing plot line dealing as it does with the intrepid female reporter investigating the white slavery/prostitution racket which takes her from san francisco to rome to macao and back to her own hometown, new york! the film is peopled with past veterans of the series which, inexplicably, play completely different roles, namely ivan rassimov (appearing here as a head of a united nations committee for third world countries!), karin shubert (as a feminist rival reporter) and don powell (as rassimov's chauffeur).unfortunately, as usual with this type of film (despite their being shown in the dead of night), it is heavily edited and a particularly graphic scene (described in "stracultr) in which an asian slave trader gets his comeuppance by being sodomized by a dog is nowhere to be seen here!! still, a harrowing sequence late in the film when a sleazy politician tricks a couple of girls (including, naturally, gemser and shubert) into a midnight rendezvous under a new york bridge with a group of bums (this is the way he gets their votes, get it!) - with his high society pals giddily looking on - seems pretty much intact.the most ridiculous element of this entry - apart from gemser's penchant to disrobe completely every time she enters a house (even in front of perfect strangers) - is her excursion to india to interview a charlatan/guru (george eastman made up to look considerably christ-like!) who has found a way to prolong coitus indefinitely; of course, when emanuelle calls him up on it, he ends up having premature ejaculation...!!

worst bob hope comedy ever(and that includes some heavy competition). hope, on an island with sailors, dreams aloud of being in a bathtub with a geisha girl "steering his ship". somebody certainly steered this hope-hackery over the cliff, as it features phyllis diller and gina lollobrigida and still can't work up any laughs or excitement. where's bing crosby when you really need him?

the fact that someone actually spent money on such a bad script, is beyond me. this really must be one of the worst films, in addition to "haunted highway" i have ever seen. bad actors, and a really bad story. there's no normal reactions to any event in this film, and even though it's halloween , normal people would have bigger reactions when they're witnessing their father being killed, not to mention gutted, people with tape covering their airways, not being able to breathe (in a room with at least 50 people i might add) and some person dressed up as satan dragging dead people out of his house, even an 8 year old would see the difference between a doll and a person. not to mention the fact that no one could possibly be that naive and dumb to believe the reality of satan and jesus' appearances on the same day, like this kid does. when i was 8, i sure had more brains than that. but, the really stupid thing is that everyone else seems to be falling for this mute satan look-alike as well, no questions asked. the question throughout the film is, is it really satan, or is it some crazy person killing people off whenever he feels like it? well, he's got human hands, arms, built and whatever, so i guess he's supposed to be in the movie as well, otherwise they did a lousy job concealing it. then, with this person being human and all, he was able to kill an old lady, a man and his mistress, 5 (!!???) cops (all with guns and training i presume), and a few other people.....and obviously everyone was just standing there waiting for him, or what?the whole concept and way of telling the story is absolutely the worst thing i've seen, and i would never recommend anyone to waste 1 hour and 30 minutes of their lives to watch this total crap.

satan's little helper is one of the better b horror movies i have seen. when i say better i mean the story. the film hatches a new plot, something that's not so cliché in the horror genre - something fresh. but there are also some ridiculous questions that come along with it. questions you will be asking yourself throughout the movie.the film first caught my attention while i was cruising the horror section in hmv. i was tired of all the so called "terrifiying" hollywood blockbusters and wanted something different. the cover art for satan's little helper immediately caught my attention. as you can see, the image draws you in - it's chilling! i knew it was a straight to dvd release - but i took a chance. i mean, i just seen "boogey man" the night before - so it couldn't get any worse! after i watched the movie, i was semi-satisfied. i loved the plot of the movie. it was really creepy how the killer was pretending to be the little boys friend, so he could kill. in some sick deranged way, he actually thought he and the little boy would become partners - a duo of terror. it was a great idea to set the film on halloween night. this way, no one would think anything of a masked man beside a little kid. they would simply think he was his guardian. but, this is also where the "plot holes" begin to surface.if your son came home with a "friend" he met trick or treating - that's fine. you wouldn't think anything of it - if he was 9!, or round about the same age as him. if however, he appeared with a strange man in a mask, you would be startled and protective of your child. you would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. you would ask why he is with your son. he doesn't know him. you would tell him to please leave. he isn't a family friend. he's a stranger. now, we're supposed to teach our child not to talk to strangers. in this case, the mum is completely fine with it. huh? they never seem to think it's a tad odd that the "man" doesn't speak - at all. gruanted they think it's the daughters boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking you would pull the mask off and ask him why he's not saying a word.the film goes down hill from there. the thing that got me the most was, all the mum said was "do you want some cider?". i can't count how many times she says this in the movie. it's like, oh you're dying - we have cider though, it's all good!! the movie started promising, and failed to deliver. it was more of a horror/comedy, and even as that it fails to deliver. i guess you could call it a "dud","flop" etc..the best thing about the movie is the cover art. though, something tells me that's not worth the 12 dollars!

with a title like this, you know not to expect a great horror movie. but this was really bad, even with low expectations. the plot is really insulting and stupid: an escaped criminal wears a halloween mask, so everyone around him thinks he's someone else. this joke might actually work for 5 or 10 minutes, but not during the entire movie ! the actors are not that bad, but their characters are rather dumb and the story is boring and downright stupid. no suspense, no excitement and little gore (very cheap). satan's little helper tries to combine horror (...) with comedy and fails dramatically at that. it became so boring towards the end, that i actually stopped watching 10 minutes before the end. i couldn't care whatever happened. amanda plummer was great in pulp fiction, but come on.. that was 13 years ago, and she hasn't done anything decent after that. so no wonder that she had to sink as low as this piece of crap.. avoid or be warned..

i'm going to say first off that i have given this film a 3 out of 10 after some thought. i was going to give it a straight out 1 but it got a couple extra points for the body count. but that would be about it. let me explain. i paid literally £1 for this dvd in a supermarket because i tend to have a lot of faith in bargain horror flicks, b-movies especially. but if this film was aiming for b status as i suspect it was for a number of reasons (which i'll touch on in a sec) then it failed magnificently. not only did it shoot for b and miss, it landed somewhere around f. this film had so many opportunities to be good and it pretty much failed on all accounts. i say above that it's likely this film was aiming for b status and it seems to try and achieve this by trying to blend humour with horror, which can either be very good or very bad. for example, later freddy films (dream warriors onwards) are all about freddy's style and nose-thumbing, which works out great! but this film completely bombed in that respect because the times where they tried to inject humour were mostly just stupid. i will admit though that towards the beginning of the film the humour was good. in fact, for about half an hour i liked this film and was prepared to congratulate myself on another good find. but what really killed this film for me was the inappropriate kills. for instance, when 'satan' smashes the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with it's blood using its body as a brush. or when 'satan' slams the door into the helpless disabled elderly woman. now i'm not usually too against senseless kills in films-hey, thats the point, right? but in those two cases i just found it grossly offensive and unnecessary to anything in the film-plot especially. for me, the film went downwards from then on. one major bad point about this film is that i hated every character in it. the kid, dougie was just ridiculously annoying!!! i'm at a loss to explain how he could possibly write off all those bodies and people being killed in front of his eyes as a trick! i mean, come on!!! i completely understand that to be in a horror film a character does have to be somewhat stupid, like running upstairs when you should blatantly be running out of the house screaming for help, but this kid took the biscuit! i wanted to kill him myself by the end of it! it was completely unbelievable and if i had to hear him say 'duh!' one more time i was going to bang my head against a wall-because thats what watching this film felt like. why didn't i just turn the film off? mainly because i honestly believe an ending can sometimes redeem a film. but i was wrong in this case. the ending did not redeem this film, it further irritated the hell out of me and was inadequate to the plot line. i get it already! the killer is always going to come back dressed as someone else, be welcomed into the house by the stupid kid and go on a killing spree again because no one suspects him in that costume! i get it! this film made me physically angry because it was so stupid! and if by some foul mistake you do end up watching this film, watch out for the intestines. frankly, if that guy actually did have intestines that looked like that, i'd be surprised he wasn't already dead, let alone until someones rips them out and ties them to a chair.in fact, i'll even go so far as to say that the only character i liked at all in this film was actually the killer. purely because when his 'comedy routine' worked, it did work. all in all, the plot line of this film dragged anything that might have been good down. why was the killer killing? i don't know. i can live without knowing who he actually was, thats fairly typical, but without some kind of motive - hell i don't know, i'd settle for him having a bad halloween as a kid! -it just seems more than senseless, just stupid. stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. in fact, i hated this film so much that i specifically registered with imdb just so i could comment on it. save your money, save your sanity. stay away from it!

oh man, i know what your thinking: "with a title like that, i can't go wrong!" uh yes you can. i too, loved the title, but man i hated the stupid kid that played "satan's little helper" i hated the mom too, and the sister/daughter, and her boyfriend - i hated all those people! man, it was agony watching this sometimes! the only reason this doesn't get 1/10 is becuz condsidering the low budget, they did ok. but oh man did i hate those actors, so stupid! i knew it was going to be bad, i guess they saved a lot of money on just using halloween masks for the killer, and the jesus costume at the end was really stupid too. oh the agony, do not watch!

if you like occasional nudity with junior high school level slap stick comedy, then look no further.starting at about the halfway point, the beautiful and erotic arielle dombasle starts disrobing at every opportunity. that is the only thing that made this movie worth watching.the story is both lame and preposterous, the humor is corny, and character development is basically non-existent.

the movie was terrible!!! easily the worst movie i have seen in the past few years. one of those movies i will be able to tell people for the next three years that it was the worst movie i can think of. thank you for giving me an answer to that burning question "what is the worst movie you have seen?" answer: celestine prophecy. trust me...i read the book, enjoyed the message and was excited to see the movie, but then, they treated the audience like we are r*tarded. there is no story and the story that is there is crippled by too much magic and coincidence. it is too bad they have to spell out the nine prophecies and can't simply weave them into a story that is entertaining to follow. they didn't spend any time on character development and it was easy to not care if any character died. it was embarrassing to be one of the few people who stuck around until the end of this incredibly boring movie. the book is pretty boring too but i enjoyed the parallels that could be seen in everyday life while you read the book. the film does not offer the same opportunity and i would suggest not seeing it if you want to continue to hold the words of the book close to your heart. don't see this movie. trust me.

boring. minimal plot. no character development. i went into this movie with high expectations from the book. it could have been an awesome movie. it could have probably become a cult classic. nope, it was a giant let-down. it was poorly cast and had horrible special effects. it was difficult to determine who were the bad guys: the rebels or the military or the church or all of them? i am still left puzzled by certain mini-plots from the movie. i am left dumbfounded as to certain aspects of this so-called "prophecy", which is never really fully explained. i felt like i was watching a corny episode of a mini-series on the sci-fi channel. it seemed very much like a made-for-tv movie. don't go see this movie. it is a waste of time and money.

amateurism best describes the film adaptation of the best-selling philosophical novel "the celestine prophecy", which follows the spiritual awakening of an out of work teacher in a mysterious village in peru. home video quality actors present so-called characters spewing overwrought exposition and metaphysical hokum, while the film is propelled by the extremely heavy-handed direction of armand mastroianni. even though there are visible attempts at measuring up to and interesting fans of stronger fare in the vain of abc's "lost" or dan brown's "the da vinci code", the filmmakers are hardly up to the task. this film reeks of ill-conceived mass consumption spiritual propaganda, and the results are so awful few can wade through this mess to spot a real point.

my dear lord,what a movie! let's talk about the "special effects" first. don't get me wrong here, i am not one of those effect fanatics but i was truly thinking that superimposition was a practice of the long gone past, mainly the 60's. so for some time i thought they might have recorded this movie a long time ago and it took them forever to cut and release it. but as far as i know they did not have cell phones in the 60's...what i am looking for in movies is mainly a good story with a really good message. acting is secondary, effects are secondary, i do not even mind a few little inconsistencies. however, in a movies like this bad acting, incredibility, etc. add up to make a bad movie even worse - that's what happened for me with the celestine prophecy.my wife said the book was actually really good and even though i am not into all that spiritual stuff i can somehow see that it can be brought across in a believable way - the movie failed to do so.there could be one single reason to watch this one though. if you really love cheesy movies it'll be the right one for you. if the imdb stars were for cheesiness instead of quality i must have rated this movie ten stars.by the way, three stars are for the fact that there are worse movies out there, like "critical mass" (look up the comments on that one - hilarious). the celestine prophecy is at least entertaining to a certain degree.

i must admit i do not hold much of new age mumbo jumbo. when people "exchange energy" i always wonder how much kj is actually exchanged and how it may contribute to solving the global warming problem. when energy "is enforced" i always wonder how they managed to violate the laws of entropy and still are without nobel prizes. when people feel how well instinct enables them to flawlessly navigate through the complexities of life i wonder how they fail to do a simple thing like finding the train station.but then again, this is not the first movie with plot holes and most of them i find perfectly acceptable and entertaining. if this were the case with "the celestine prophecy" i wouldn't burn this movie down, but unfortunately it isn't. every actor seems to be bored out of his head and unable to grasp what he are actually supposed to be doing on location. this results in many "ah-s" and "oh-s", like i tend to do when talking about quantum physics with somebody who actually knows what he is talking about and pretend to understand.the direction is uninspired as well. you might expect something more from the guy who did "what dreams may come", but hey, i supposed he got well paid for the job and adopted the attitude of a new york taxi driver: "it's your money, buddy.." the only one who seems to be having fun is all-time bad guy jürgen prochnow. not only does he have a job, he is one of the few actors in this movie who may have a few wise cracks at this eternal and terribly boring new age chatter.this movie is much like one of these dinner dates when you find out that your date is actually a horrible bore who seems to be unable to shut up. at one moment in time it seems the words turn into small ping pong balls that are thrown to your head incessantly until it hurts.if you want to have a good time and have to choose between this movie and sticking safety pins in your eyelids, take my advise: choose the latter.

the film gives a rather condensed version of what is contained in the book, which as far as i can tell by doing some research and investigative fact checking is largely a work of fiction. in reality, there are no ancient scrolls and if the author was hard pressed i'm sure he'd have to admit he's never laid eyes on any scrolls in ancient aramaic found in peru. these "valuable" texts written as usual by anonymous, were destroyed by the evil "truth haters" in the church and in the local government. that's rather strange, as all kinds of new age crap comes out each year---hundreds of books, dozens of movies--and the roman catholic church doesn't seem to me to be hell bent on destroying the movement which it probably views as i do, a total crock of doody. i'm no fan of the church, mind you, but at least the ancient texts which they base their faith on are real.it's a typical pattern of scam artists and religious hucksters to claim to have seen or translated ancient documents which unfortunately got destroyed by "evil" men or in joseph smith's case, got taken back to heaven once translated. therefore, the actual texts cannot be found in any museums like the smithsonian, nor the translations checked by specialists in ancient languages like coptic or aramaic. it's a scam. in one sense, i admire anybody smart enough to come up with a great idea and make millions off it, but i couldn't do it myself, as i've no desire to mislead the public with more new agey hokum.occasionally, a genuine ancient text does get found hidden away and lost for years. the gospel of judas, a gnostic text, was discovered and after carbon dating and diligent study of the text, deemed authentic by experts. the gospel of judas was referenced as heretical around 300 c.e.. no church documents from that time mention any celestine prophecies as authentic, heretical or anything else.we are evolving towards something--that much is true---but the optimism in the celestine prophecy is based on nothing but fiction and lies, and a philosophy built on a foundation of lies, like a castle built on sand will collapse. the harsh, ugly, overpopulated, cruel world of blade runner is more likely what it'll be like over the horizon, than some utopian hippie commune where all is love and peace! i tell people the truth and they hate me, but tell them what they want to hear, even if pure piffle, and one can make millions. the celestine prophecy is what the world wants to hear. too bad it is a castle built on sand. don't get me wrong. i wish to god, the celestine vision was reality, only it's not. no ancient philosophy at any time expressed ideas given in the insights with the modern concept of spiritual evolution going hand in hand with biological evolution. these new agey ideas did not exist in the ancient world and did not exist until darwininan evolution became well-known. that means the ideas in the celestine prophecies cannot be older than the 1800s c.e, and do not go back to the early b.c.e period or near the time of jesus of nazareth. this type of claim by new agers is not at all unusual. wiccans claim their brand of magic and witchcraft -- the "old religion" goes back to the stone age, when in reality no book of shadows has ever been known to exist prior to gerald gardner who lived in the 1900s and was the buddy of aleister crowley.new age gurus tell lies and claim their ideas are based on ancient teachings, when the ancients would thumb their noses at such absurdities that are preached by gurus today. why do they do what they do, perpetrate such fraud? simple: there are millions of dollars to be made, and the modern guru acquires power over his or her followers. they compete fiercely and have a strong hatred for their competition despite their claims of love for all things. each new age group bitter opposes the others. it's a struggle for your minds and your wallets.but learn one thing from me, that is actually similar to one of the insights, learn to follow your own instincts and look for guidance from within. that i can agree with wholeheartedly.

i read the book celestine prophecy and was looking forward to seeing the movie. be advised that the movie is loosely based on the book. many of the book's most interesting points do not even come out in the movie. it is a "b" movie at best. many events, characters, how the character interact and meet in the book are simply changed or do not occur. the flow of events that in the book are very smooth, are choppy and fed to the view as though you a child. the character development is very poor. personnallities of the characters differ from those in the book. the direction is similar to a "b" horror flick. i understand that it would take six hours in film to present all that is in the book, but they screen play base missed many points. the casting was very good.

bingo is the game, bullshit is the name. rarely has the screen been smeared with such a blown-up hodgepodge of half-baked conspiracy theories, puritan prudery, and new-age gibberish. the bulk of the story is set at viciente, a cristian resort in the peruvian jungle. think tolkien's rivendell meets star trek's planet baku, inhabited by dimwitted followers of a not-so-mysterious, but surprisingly narrow-minded cult of love and peace. thanks to gruesome acting and tacky production design (the rainbow-colored visualization of the mysterious all-healing "energy" is particularly hideous), "the celestine prophecies" looks and feels like a discarded 1980s "twilight zone" episode. factual errors regarding church history and nomenclature abound. i can't believe hector elizondo agreed to be a part of this. maybe it was made without his consent, bowfinger style. may the lord have mercy on the director, the screenwriter, the author of the novel, and the poor souls who see the movie or read the book.

this film fails to capture any of the mystery and intrigue that the book offers. the main point of the book, the insights, are hardly even touched upon, leaving the viewer wondering exactly why everyone is making such a big deal about them and why they are willing to risk their lives.the character development is not good at all. no background or personal development leaves the audience not really caring at all about what happens to them, and so the action sequences fall flat.the search for the manuscripts ends abruptly, and with no real explanation, not leaving any sense of satisfaction as to what the whole search was for.this is one of the worst adaptations of a book i have ever seen. it is horrible and a waste of time. if you have not read the book, skip the movie and read it. if you have read the book, skip the movie and reread it.it is almost as if the point of making the movie was to discredit the book, that is how poorly done and ridiculous this movie is. it is a shame too, because it could have been good had they capitalized on it at the height of its success and they probably would have been able to get a good screenwriter and some good actors.please don't waste your time, read the book!!!

i don't know what that other guy was thinking. the fact that this movie was independently made makes it no less terrible. you can be as big a believer as you want... the majority of this film is mindless drivel. i feel i have been insulted by having to watch the first 40 minutes of it. and that alone was no small feat. not only is the acting terrible, but the plot is never even close to developed. there are countless holes in the story, to the point where you can hardly even call it a story anymore. i've never read the book, so i can't critique on that, but this is the first review that i've written here and it's purpose is solely to save all you viewers out there an hour and a half of your life. i can't remember the last time i couldn't even finish watching a movie. this one really takes the cake.

ok, it's very rare that i complain something i got for free. so i guess this movie pushed me over that limit. i saw it at the hollywood cemetery for free and walked away very very disappointed. one audience member's question to the director about using the native american references just as "bookends" instead of being weaved into the movie better, basically says everything that this movie failed on. native american references--- the native american references felt really out of place and contrived. it's obvious that this director and writer tried tackling an arena they never played in before. they should have stuck to the old adage of "write about something you know". if they are in fact versed in this it certainly did not show on the movie or the beauty of this unique culture was not given proper justice. clichés and on the nose--- i agreed to see this film on the basis that it was an indie. so i held it to higher expectations. "little miss sunshine" was an indie and saw it before it became so popular. before it even came out to wide release i was already raving how it's going to be a hit. unfortunately i could not say the same about "expiration date". "sunshine" took us to cliché incidents but the filmmakers were so clever at their approach that the outcome would take us to a different direction avoiding the trap of being a "cliche". this movie on the other hand had no way of not falling in the trap because it was already trapped from the start. the psycho mom's antics, the hendrix couple, etc. i hate to say it, but the best and worst movie i've seen this year were both indies. "little miss sunshine" being the best and this movie being the worst. i wish i could say otherwise. but i do congratulate the filmmakers for having such a good turn out from their family members at the cemetery.

honestly, i was disappointed in "expiration date." super clever title and interesting premise, but i don't think it delivered. what was it about? the main character's desire to reconnect with his native roots? or, more likely, it was his need to overcome his fear of death. but, he wasn't set up as someone who has lived his life in fear -- it seems as if his life was going fine, but since doomsday is approaching he should now start worrying. i didn't buy it. meanwhile, the supporting characters in the film didn't seem to have needs that blended into an overarching story. they were all just doing their thing, running parallel to the main character. also, what was treated as a "curse" looked more like a coincidence. who cursed the family? why? when? finally, why didn't he just plan on staying in his apartment all day on his birthday? those are my criticisms, but i did love the shots of seattle, cinematography was beautiful, acting was good in the times it wasn't outstanding.

i'm surprised that anyone involved with the production of this series would actually admit responsibility. the script is so unfunny it must have been written by someone who failed the entrance exam for the canadian comedy writers' union (and that's saying something!). get out your binoculars if you want, but there's nothing resembling a joke in sight. ronnie corbett must have been flat broke to demean himself with this rubbish. the rest of the cast are so lacking in any kind of acting or comedic ability i'm amazed it lasted past the first episode - correction, past the auditions. all i can say to those who are amused by it is that they must be very easily entertained. and it's obvious that the production costs must have been all of ₤100 per episode. and just in case anyone thinks i'm commenting as a foreigner who is unfamiliar with english humour, i must add that i am indeed english.

men in black 2 was a real disappointment for me. while the actors did a pretty good job, especially smith, there just isn't a cure for a poor script once in production. the movie really had a "sequel" kind of feel, playing off partial events of the first film. the story was, in a word... bad, at best. it wasn't thought out well, and seemed very choppy and incoherent at times.in the first flick, the mib organization had a kind of "elite" force feel. you had a few special agents, and it had a "clandestine" kind of feel to it. in the sequel, the mib organization has a jrotc summer camp vibe.the movie wasn't terrible or anything.. it just lacked the "coolness" (for lack of a better phrase) of the first movie. a lot of the same old humor was recycled from the first to the second, and didn't really add any originality to the mib universe.a perfect analogy would be episode 1 to the first 3 films. was it decent? yeah. is it worthy of bearing it's title? not really.

the trailers get you to the movie, but the movie just wasn't worth my 8.50.. it has some good effects, but the storyline.. yech, i like tommy lee jones and will smith as actors, they have both done some good films, but i wish they hadn't added this one to their resume's. to be honest, the book is better..

i didn't feel as if i'd been raped like i did with the enchanted christmas,but belle's magical world is still the antithesis of beauty and the beast. like christmas,bmw hates its audience,although not to such an extreme degree. it's ugly,uncanonical,idiotic,and the writing is horrifically bad.none of the stories work. these are not the characters we loved from batb at all,they're a bunch of pod people. i wanted to dissect it,but after a few minutes,i gave up,because no one in their right mind would take this claptrap seriously. what we have here are three stories. "the perfect word" is an overbearing,ponderous study of forgiveness. "fifi's folly" only works if you can accept that babette's name is actually fifi and that she's a closet james bond villainess and that lumiere is an idiot concerning women. "broken wing" (or "broken wind" as i like to call it) is probably the most heinous of the bunch. beast hates birds? since when? don't watch this crap- every copy of this video deserves to be cremated. beauty and the beast is still a cinematic classic,a transcendent celebration of love,art, intelligence and the human soul.

this movie is possibly the cheapest, cheesiest, and poorest sequel ever made.yet, it is the funniest and most idiotic movie by disney, and will guarantee laughs at the sappy stories and lame plots from start to finish.it's a group of short stories that seem like bad fanfictions.*spoiler alert* the first one's all about beast and belle being petty over a pathetic argument. then, three loser new characters decide to patch things up by forging a letter of forgiveness to give to belle. part way through this little episode, belle has wall eyes, which made my siblings and i laugh so hard. then, she and the beast fight more over the letter... and later learn the meaning of forgiveness. how old are they??? certainly old enough to know the meaning of forgiveness.then, the next one's all about lumiere being the world's biggest dope when it comes to romance. this coming from the man who could woo anything female. and they make fifi a psychotic villainess who tries to kill belle, and winds up getting off scotch-free by the end of it. what a message to send the kids!then, the next one's all about mrs. potts being angsty. and the next one after that's all about beast becoming overly possessive of a bird, to the point where he just seems downright silly.the animation's so ugly, it kills. there are at least 100 mistakes you can plainly see... and the coloring is awful.belle's a simpering sap who blubbers whenever something goes wrong. plus, she's petty and very different from the usual belle.and the side characters are annoying... (i mean, cogsworth and lumiere fight almost all the time. i know they did that in the movie, but it was overdone in this.)but the worst character is mrs. potts. she's ruined in this. i can't even describe it. just buy it and see for yourself.i give it a 1/10 for the sap, but i give it a 10/10 for comedy.

disney has now made straight-to-video sequels to a good bunch of their many animated features. two of these were made for their 1991 classic, "beauty and the beast". well, these ones aren't really sequels, as they are both set in between the events of the first film. the first of these two straight-to-video films was "beauty and the beast: the enchanted christmas", which seems to be disliked by quite a few fans of its theatrical predecessor, but i think that can usually be expected with sequels. however, this second one, "belle's magical world", is definitely inferior.the film features three short stories, all of which take place while belle is in the castle, and the place is under the spell of the enchantress. the first is "the perfect word", where a misunderstanding at the table between belle and the beast leads to trouble, and neither wants to be the first to apologize. the next story is "fifi's folly", where fifi and lumiere's fifth anniversary is coming up, and lumiere is unprepared, so belle helps him. however, fifi sees lumiere practicing romance with belle, and thinks they're actually in love. the film ends with "the broken wing". in this story, belle takes care of a bird with a broken wing, but a bird in the castle will probably mean trouble if the beast finds out, as he hates birds! the plot description i gave is for the original vhs version of disney's third "beauty and the beast" movie. apparently, in the dvd version, there is another story added called "mrs. potts's party", but i've only seen the original version. however, since i highly doubt that one story would stand out as a classic over the rest, i see no point in watching the special edition. anyway, the first thing i will say about "belle's magical world" is that the animation is very 2-dimensional compared to what we're used to from disney, which would obviously disappoint many people. i didn't like "beauty and the beast: the enchanted christmas" that much, but you certainly can't say the same about its animation. i'm sure the stories in "belle's magical world" could entertain many kids (mostly younger ones, i think), and each story has a moral, so they could also teach them some valuable lessons. however, for adults, the film really doesn't have a lot. i personally didn't find any good humour in it, found that the constant conflict between belle and the beast got tiring, and the stories did not impress me too much at all in any way (they're not very well written). in "the perfect word", the way belle says to the beast, "you're acting rude... and foolish!" is a bit cheesy, and i think there are quite a few other cheesy moments in these stories.by the time this straight-to-video movie first came out, i was around eleven or twelve years old. i don't know what i would have thought of it at the time, as i had lost interest in disney by then, and it would be years before i would gain any of that interest back. even when this movie was first released, i think i was a bit past the age group it was aimed at. i never saw "beauty and the beast: the enchanted christmas" until a couple months ago, but unlike that film, i never even heard of this one until recently, i think just after seeing the first sequel to disney's 1991 hit. well, as much as i like the theatrical original, i wouldn't have been missing much if i never became aware of this film's existence. for little kids, i'm sure "belle's magical world" can be highly entertaining, and probably somewhat educational with its morals, but i do not recommend it for adult disney fans.

that's right! under 9 on average, but maybe under 12s for some others! i was 11 when i originally saw this on video and at such youth i wasn't able to notice the shoddy cartoon-quality or the fact that those classic characters we have all grown to love are not the same or as good to see. just about everything is so 2d here! belle is, i'll agree, not even beautiful but just a plain-looking woman with tinted skin, she wears the same bright blue dress all the way through with not one glamorous dress on, wardrobe is to say the least, annoying - my ears may bleed if i had to listen to her everyday! lumiere, in both the original and the christmas edition was suave and elegant, but here he is a womanizing, unfunny twit! cogsworth, despite being the no-nonsense housekeeper he is famous for, is a complete sh-t and the most insufferable character i'd say! he always seems to find shutting that unbearably grating pie-hole of his very difficult in this one and whose clock face should really have been used for turning back in time to the unforgettable two film in this series! poor, poor mrs potts was not brought to life by angela lansbury (one of my favourite classic actresses) but by anne rogers who captured none of mrs potts' character, no offence to her! not if she did her best! when the beast roars it sounds so horrifically fake with clearly no additional roars, snarls or growls by a microphone. i am aware that this is only a third feature following two other films so of course it wouldn't be as good but i'm sure that more of a contribution wouldn't have hurt the disney artists who, indeed, have achieved such remarkable styles of animation over the years. it's alright, i guess, and i do watch it sometimes though only when it suits me. it's quite difficult to make a recommendation for you reading this because it depends on how old you are but remember this will not at all be what you may expect following the earlier spectacular movies! and to think that on my video of it the text on the back cover said "boasting brilliant animation"! it's a nice little flick but for one thing it's also highly poor and, for another, those 3 words ought to have been saved for the next re-release of the original!

spoiler warning: there are some minor spoilers in this review. don't read it beyond the first paragraph if you plan on seeing the film.the disney channel currently has a policy to make loads of movies and show one a month on the cable channel. most of these are mediocre and drab, having a few good elements but still being a disappointment (`phantom of the megaplex,' `stepsister from planet weird,' `zenon: girl of the 21st century'). every once in a great while, they make something really, really great (`genius,' `the other me'). but once in a while the disney channel makes a huge mistake, and gives us a real stinker. this month (december 2000) the disney channel featured `the ultimate christmas present,' which i thought was terrible due to poor writing and worse acting. apparently, `the brainiacs.com' was rushed out a few days before christmas to get a jump on the holiday, because the plot has to do with toys. they even paid for a feature in the tv guide, so i thought it must be better than the norm. i was in for a complete shock. only disney's `model behaviour' has been worse than this.the plot was more far-fetched than normal. i usually let that slide, but here it just goes too far. matthew tyler gets very sick of his widowed father spending most of his time at work. his father owns a small toy factory that has taken out large loans at a scrupulous bank to stay afloat. time and time again, his father has to skip out on the plans he makes with his son and daughter. matthew decides that the only way he can spend time with his dad is if he becomes the boss and orders him to stay home. he gets a hair-brained idea to create a website where kids all around the world can find and send him a dollar to invest in a computer chip that his sister is inventing. that whole concept is full of fallacies. when kids send in millions of dollars, matthew opens his own company's bank account and buys up most of his dad's business's stock. he is the secret boss, but he doesn't reveal this to his dad, but instead presents himself at board meetings as a cartoon image through a computer. that image itself is so complex (and ridiculous) that it isn't possible for someone to create it at home, much less someone who comes across as stupid as matthew. to make a long plot short, matthew orders his dad to spend more time having fun and doing stuff with his kids, but a federal agent shows up inquiring about matthew's company, as it is fraudulent.there's so much wrong here. as mentioned, the stuff they do here is impossible even for true geniuses, which these kids are not. the website, the cartoon image, the computer chip, even the stuff they are being taught in school, are far too advanced for these kids. the acting by most of the cast, especially kevin kilner, is terrible. some familiar faces are wasted. dom deluise plays the evil bank owner, but his part is a throwaway. he has one good scene with alexandra paul (who shows she has the ability to act) in which he explains his motives, but nothing more. and rich little is wasted in a small role as a judge. there's even some offensive and uncalled for anti-russian jokes. but the greatest atrocities are the hard-hammered themes. these themes show up in many of the disney channel's films, but never before have these ultra-conservative messages been pounded so strongly. the typical `overworking parent' idea is really pushed hard, and after delivering it inappropriately in `the ultimate christmas present,' seeing it again sours my mood. family relations are important, but disney must stop this endless preaching, because working is important to maintaining a workable family, too. except for cancelling activities thanks to work, the father didn't come across as that bad, but i found it offensive when the grandmother told him `i don't like what i see.' just as bad is the preaching of the idea that all single parents must marry if they want to raise their kids right. enter alexandra paul, whose character, while important to the plot, is there solely to be the love interest for the father. this offensiveness only proves that the disney brain trust lacks the brains to avoid scraping from the bottom of the disney script barrel. instead of letting this movie teach your kids how to commit serious fraud, wait for the next disney channel movie. it has to be better than this. zantara's score: 1 out of 10.

what a poor image of professional police officers is displayed on the television in the watching of this alleged reality show. one can only hope that the actual reasonable suspicion that leads to probable cause that leads to the totality of the circumstances involved to make a "stop" , then the "pat down" of the outside of one's garment, then to be able to articulate why the officer went into someone's pocket and retrieved contraband, was cut out of the scenes, because if it wasn't, the arrest in most places are going to be tossed, should they even get passed a supervisor. a report of a warrant over the radio does not constitute the actual existence of the warrant unless the person dispatching has the original warrant in hand. if the dispatcher is reading from a computer printout, it is good enough for an arrest, but it does not necessarily mean the warrant is still in effect. since i haven't seen a dis-claimer from cbs (i may have missed it), cbs could be in trouble.

not an altogether bad start for the program -- but what a slap in the face to real law enforcement. the worst part of the series is that it attempts to bill itself as reality fare -- and is anything but. men and women that dedicate their lives to the enforcement of laws deserve better than this. what is next, medical school in a minute? charo performing lipo? charles grodin assisting on a hip replacement? c'mon...show a little respect. even the citizens of muncie are outing the program as staged. police academy = high school gym? poor editing (how many times can they use the car-to-car shot of the taco bell in the background?), cheesy siren effects (the same loop added ad nauseum to every 'call' whether rolling code or not), and last, but not least -- more officer safety issues than you could shake a stick at.if i want to see manufactured police work and wise-ass fake cops, i would watch reno 911.

i can't believe that the city of muncie is so hard up for attention that they would embarrass themselves by allowing this show to be done there. this show is like a slap in the face to real hard working law-enforcement officers. i have never before in my life seen anything so stupid in my life. if they had billed it as a comedy that would be one thing but to say it is reality is nothing short of a lie. i only saw it once and was appalled at what i saw. i wanted to see the little guy get into a foot-chase with a bad guy. what a joke that would have been. nothing on the show was even close to the real world. the city of muncie, the police chief, and all the officers should be hanging their heads in shame and should never want o admit they come from that city. no wonder it didn't stay around on tv

ridiculous. this movie is actually a vehicle for the ramtha school of enlightenment. if you are wondering who the *bleep* ramtha is: "ramtha is a 35,000 year-old spirit-warrior who appeared in j.z. knight's kitchen in tacoma, washington in 1977. knight claims that she is ramtha's channel. she also owns the copyright to ramtha and conducts sessions in which she pretends to go into a trance and speaks hollywood's version of elizabethan english in a guttural, husky voice. she has thousands of followers and has made millions of dollars performing as ramtha at seminars ($1,000 a crack) and at her ramtha school of enlightenment, and from the sales of tapes, books, and accessories (clark and gallo 1993). she must have hypnotic powers. searching for self-fulfillment, otherwise normal people obey her command to spend hours blindfolded in a cold, muddy, doorless maze." john wheeler, one of america's finest theoretical physicists, would roll his eyes about this movie. he has in the recent past criticized parapsychologists for their misuse and misinterpretations of quantum theory. this movie does the same thing as those fools.there is a great review of this movie at skeptico. i recommend anyone considering watching this movie read it first before contributing to a cult's coffers.http://skeptico.blogs.com/skeptico/2005/04/what_the_bleep_.html i noticed one reviewer here at imdb say to take this movie with a grain of salt. it will take enough salt to kill a horse to wade through the garbage-thinking of this movie.

what the bleep do we know is a deluded and haphazard look at the mysteries of the universe. we are presented with a parade of apparent experts (none of whom are named) who ramble and pontificate in a thoroughly unscientific manner. their interviews are chopped up into aggravatingly small segments and dispersed throughout some flashy cgi and banal mini-plots.the film pilfers themes from science, philosophy, theology and politics, minces them together without any regard for accuracy, and then somehow extracts a few prosaic and absurd conclusions. we are led to believe that quantum physics is telling us the purpose of our existence, and any other difficult to answer question the film-makers would like to point their finger at.it is riddled errors and logical non-sequiturs. how did we start at quantum mechanics and end up with this pseudo-scientific spirituality and mysticism? it's like saying 'two plus two equals four, therefore i can move objects with my mind'.there is nothing original in this film, and almost nothing that is accurate. any discriminating viewer will be annoyed by heavy-handed editing, intrusive and pointless special effects and general lack of substance. educated viewers will be frustrated to tears by the violence done to science and every other subject this film touches on.

this movie frequently extrapolates quantum mechanics to justify nonsensical ideas, capped by such statements like "we all create our own reality".sorry, folks, reality is what true for all of us, not just the credulous.the idea that "anything's possible" doesn't hold water on closer examination: if anything's possible, contrary things are thus possible and so nothing's possible. this leads to postmodernistic nonsense, which is nothing less than an attempt to denigrate established truths so that all ideas, well-founded and stupid, are equal.to quote sci-fi writer philip k. dick, who put it so well, "reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away."

i didn't know much about this movie before i watched it, but i heard it had something to do with quantum physics so i was interested. what i didn't know is that this is not actually a story but a bunch of new-age blowhards who love the sound of their own voice talking about how little they know about basic quantum mechanics. i say it belongs more in the documentary category than comedy or drama.marlee matlin is in the movie, in order to give this new age symposium *some* sort of a storyline. her portions of the film feel horribly tacked on and are meant to display the speaker's thoughts so we won't die of boredom. matlin has a real job as a photographer, unlike the new age hippie that crashes on her couch. we get to listen to nameless people ramble on about what quantum physics all "means" to them. the one bright spot in this movie was the speaker from india (i assume), but i think he showed up for the wrong film.it looks like barbara eden really let herself go and she goes on and on about how quantum science has something to do with her crazy new age beliefs. it looks like quark from ds9 was running low on cash and he also makes a brief appearance in the film. there is a lot of whizbang cgi we're supposed to be impressed with; cells in the body are shown as dancing jello molds, because the filmmakers have apparently seen flubber one too many times.people in the movie say that the arawak people on san salvador thought columbus's ship the pinta was invisible because natives had never seen clipper ships before, as if people today had any way possible way of knowing. of course they leave out all of that information and just say "columbus's ships were invisible to the indians in america." the film takes many such arrogant leaps. thomas young did a double-slit experiment around 1805 and found that light can look like a particle some of the time, and a wave some of the time. of course you'd never *know* this from watching this stupid film because the only reference to it is that "atoms can be particles and waves." and that must mean that people can pass through walls, walk on water, and never grow old if they just wish upon a star!! then i'm sure marlee matlin could stop being deaf if she just *believed* hard enough. i'm being sarcastic, but this film is chock-full of false hope and beliefs that the people espousing them don't really hold.these are new age kooks who have grabbed onto quantum theory as if it reaffirms everything they believe about meditation, zero point energy, crystal healing, etc. if these snake-oil salesmen truly believed the crap they were selling, couldn't they just *wish* their paychecks into existence instead of appearing in this joke of a film? we get to listen to another nameless man, with no credentials that we know of, talk on his couch in front of a fireplace (or tv screen) about how he creates his own life. every time he was on the screen i wanted someone to rush in and throw a pie in his face. these people take themselves way too seriously. some other balding guy in a suit says that nobody ever *really* touches anything because there's a magnetic force preventing it at the quantum level. if only someone had walked onto the screen and kept punching him in the stomach, screaming "i'm not touching you! i'm not touching you!" a moral relativist in the movie claims that there's really "no such thing as good or bad." so apparently it's ok that hitler gassed millions of jews to death? another person says that there is "no such thing as love." it's just a chemical and that we really don't love people, we're just addicted to the chemical rush we have when we're around them. i suspect this guy is doing this film as community service for being addicted to heroin for so many years.we are witness to a truly pathetic sequence where two young adults walk around a wedding reception, seeing everything like robocop. they evaluate if women are cows, dogs, or foxes, and a sexual position pops onto the scree. marlee matlin gets drunk at the wedding she's supposed to photograph and the next day decides to love herself and take a bath because she's a beautiful and unique snowflake.i liked when the film said people often find evidence for their pre-conceived notions. perhaps in this review i'm only seeing what i want to see, but i truly wanted to see these people get pies to the face, and it never happened.if you've never heard of any of the ideas presented in the film before, you may find them interesting, but there are better sources for all of the ideas here. if you want to watch a good movie that talks about the heisenberg uncertainty principle, go see the man who wasn't there. if you want to read a good book about quantum field theory, read hyperspace by michio kaku. if you want to see a film that talks about different philosophies with imaginative visuals, see waking life (although it can feel boring, self-important, and pretentious at times). all in all, you should go and read quantum psychology or prometheus rising by robert anton wilson instead of wasting your time on this movie.i normally have a very hard time giving movies a score from 1 to 10, but this one was a very easy for me: 1/10 stars.the movie's title is true. the people in this film don't know #$*! hands down, the worst movie i've ever seen.

i went into this film expecting it to be similar to the matrix or pi. boy, was i wrong. yes, there is a poorly written, poorly acted plot in the movie (with cg animated cells and peptides to boot). however, the real focus of the film are the "expert" talking heads spewing out new age feel-good hogwash in between plot segments.sure, it stars off innocently enough. there is a little bit of real quantum physics in the beginning. it states, for example, that electrons exist as both particle and wave, and that an atom is mostly empty space. however, the movie takes a giant (and unscientific) leap, saying that sub-atomic quantum effects happen on large scales as well. the talking heads take it even further. according to them, the following are true:-when columbus arrived in the caribbean, the natives were unable to see his ships because their minds were incapable of perceiving something so different. -meditation can reduce the murder rate. -with positive thought, you can walk on water. -your thoughts can change the formations of ice crystals in bottles of water.and hey, that's only in the first 40 minutes!watching the movie was torture. this film felt like a movie they would show you to get you to join a cult. after doing my homework, i realized that it basically is just that.on the other hand, this could be seen as a campy comedy (albeit one that's not funny).save your time and money: don't see this movie.

don't waste your time on this film. it could have been good, but the ending was one of the lamest i've ever seen. i seriously have to wonder how the people involved with the making of this film could've looked at that final scene and thought, "yeah! now there's an ending!" and patted themselves on the back about it. to me it seemed more like they just ran out of ideas! they built up the final scenes to have a cool twist, but instead just let the whole build-up fall flat on it's face. when the last shot faded to black and i heard the credit music starting i was in shock - i could not believe what i was seeing and that someone could even call that an ending. the best thing anyone could do with this film is rewrite the end and give it some substance. seriously, i'd really love to get whoever came up with that one in a room, look them in the face and say - wtf??!!!!

before watching this film, i could already tell it was a complete copy of saw (complete with the shack-like place they were in and the black guy wanting someone to break his hand to get out of the cuffs). mjh's name on a movie would typically turn me away (ugh, can we say gross?!), but i still wanted to give it a try.starting out, i was a bit interested. the acting is absolutely horrible and i found myself laughing at almost each reaction from the characters (especially the man that played "sulley"). mjh was even worst, but i continued to watch.however, the ending was the biggest joke of them all! i seriously sat in shock thinking "that was the ending?! is this a comedy?!".i thought this pile of crap was funnier than the "scary movie" spoofs and that is really saying something!

an very good storyline, good thrill to it ... but the 10 last seconds destroyed the whole movie... what happened? extremely well made and an good story destroyed in the last seconds... sorry to say but a 1 in vote... thats what it it deserve, i would think that chris shadley could come up with a better end... but maybe next time : ) all this meaningless blood gore for nothing? the end would lift the story to close to a 10, but it didn't.... the end destroyed the whole story, i think most people aren't lame and when they goes a movie thy want a good end, even if it is intricate ... but the only lame here is the end... sorry

i'm not sure if the filmmakers were after a saw-type movie or 12 angry men (people piecing together the facts to get at the truth). whatever it was, it was poorly done and not worth watching.i don't watch movies for blood and gore, but because this film had little else going for it, it should have shown the actual killing more. most were off-camera, minimizing the horror that we were supposed to feel by the deaths.it also bugged me that the cop was among the victims; he unwittingly contributed to the innocent young man going to prison by accepting planted evidence (given to him by mjh) into the evidence room. (and wouldn't mjh a the prosecuting attorney, have had access to that evidence--taking it out and putting the wrong evidence back--anyway, so she wouldn't have needed the cop's help?). the others, while often also not realizing it was this particular person they were harming, still played larger roles in his ultimate demise. the gun dealer should have know his guns would be used for evil intent. the insurance guy rejected a person obviously in need, etc. but the cop's crime seemed minor in comparison since he didn't know exactly what he was doing. the filmmakers could have taken it a step further and had him be the one that encouraged mjh to plant the evidence, which would have made him more culpable. and mjh's yelling that he (the cop) got her in that mess doesn't make any sense at all.it would been more intriguing if each person died in a way that offered the others a clue to why he/she was there and deserved to die. the insurance guy, for example, could have had the applications he rejected rammed down his throat so he choked on them; the oriental woman could have had her eyes gouged out because she was a false witness, etc. yes, more violent that the gun deaths, but more interesting.the dialog wasn't witty, there were no twists, and the ending was one of the worse (if not the worst) i've ever seen. the ending along knocked three stars off my rating.the actors did a decent job, especially given the garbage lines and motivation they had to work with.overall, a waste of time.

what a complete waste of time. the movie starts as a clone of the saw series, but with even worse acting. melissa joan hart is absolutely horrible. the ending is ridiculous and the story contains no twists, not plot surprises and just a plain bad ending. i liked some of the characters and i was hoping for everything to be tied together at the end. it just doesn't happen. it's a total "wrestler" ending with none of the good acting. i can't believe i spent the time watching this. it's not "fun" as some people put it. a guy in a mask kidnaps people who are connected and forces them to figure it out. the connection is a stretch and he should have shot the main actress first.

i had to write a review of this film after reading another comment saying that this is sidney poitier's best movie. poitier had just returned from over a decade's break in film acting and he is clearly creaky here. 11 of his films are mentioned in wikipedia and they don't include this. 5 of his films are on the afi's list of top 100 inspiring movies, again, not including this. berenger and poitier, rube and city slicker set out to hunt down a dangerous psychopath before he crosses the border to canada. some of the attempts at comedy in this film clearly fail and berenger and poitier's bonding was cringeworthy and awkward (not helped by a completely bland script). kirstie alley (as the hostage) was underused, and almost entirely ignored when she was on screen. some attempt at suspense is made, for example when you're meant to try and guess which of 5 men on a fishing trip is the murderer (all of them are type-cast villains). i understand that this is the entire appeal to most fans out there. i guessed who it was and i wasn't really trying hard.if you're a berenger fan, watch the sniper (1993), you even get to see billy zane strutting his stuff. it's much better. all in all i'd give shoot to kill 3/10. it's not daring, and it's just too straightforward for me.

the idea behind this film was a good one. too bad it wasn't written well. casting sidney poitier as the fbi agent was a good idea, and he did an outstanding job. tom berenger, on the other hand, only knows one emotion in most of his movies, anger. kirstie alley's character could have been a great one, and even showed some possibilities once, but the writer really let us down by making her role mostly a helpless female. this was completely inconsistent with the strongly independent character she was supposed to be. i don't care for alley's acting anyway. the movie should have ended about fifteen minutes sooner than it did. the director milked the cow dry before the unbelievable final action. i will keep this in my collection only as an example of poitier's performances.

this is the worst show i have seen in years. i believe that it should be taken off of t.v. because of its retardedness. it is so dumb i could faint when i watch it. (even though i never watch it because it is sooooo poor) goofs: when mac says he can;t eat sugar, in another episode he eats sugar. almost everything in the world has sugar in it!!! in episode "eddie monster" when eddy screams at terrance he falls into the crate twice plus the seconed time he falls in he doesn't fall in, he falls off to the side. what stupidity. i can't even say the word fosters home. i even made a song with my band about how retarded this show is. byyyyyyyyeeeee

in 2004, i liked it. then it became very stupid. it suggests that kids are brainless. it insults children. cartoon network used to be great. one of the shows i liked was hamtaro. it did manage to be interesting and imaginative in its approach to children programming. the show (foster's home for imaginary friends) is like putting 20 spoons of sugar in your sprite. it seems as if today's television producers are only interested in making money, rather than engaging the imaginations of children and making money! lately, my children are tuning in to the old shows (60's) to find something interesting to watch. perhaps, in the absence of originality, for television to look to its past and recycle children's programing from days gone by.

i think this cartoon is one of the worst cartoons i have ever watched. i would recommend this cartoon to people who are under 5. i did used to like this show when i was 4 and 5, i still only watched it when there was nothing on. now i am other 5 and i would rather do my homework than watch it. the cartoon used to be a bit funny but they were not enough to make me burst out laughing. now i am older i am interested in show witch are not rated us. i have started to watch doctor who (12a), torchwood (15) and sarah jane adventures (pg). i am interested in things to do with doctor who so i am not interested in 5 year old cartoons. this cartoon didn't last very long it only had 6 seasons, it got cancelled because of it was low on viewers but some people say it was because the writers ran out of ideas but for most other shows they have at least 8 seasons.

this might be the poorest example of amateur propaganda ever made. the writers and producers should study the german films of the thirties and forties. they knew how to sell. even soviet-style clunky leader as god-like father-figure were better done. disappointing. the loss of faith, regained in church at last second just in time for daddy to be "saved" by the hoover/god was not too bad. unfortunately, it seemed rushed and not nearly melodramatic enough. a few misty heavenlier shots of the angelical hoover up in the corner of the screen-beaming and nodding- would have added a lot. the best aspect is hoover only saving the deserving family and children who had "proven" their worth. unfortunately, other poor homeless were portrayed as likable and even good- yet the hoover-god doesn't help them. a better approach would have been shots of them drinking spirits to show the justice of their condition. finally, bright and cheerful scenes of recovery (after hoover saved the country from the depression) should have rolled at the end. we could see then how hoover-god had saved not just this deserving family, but all the truly deserving. amateurist at best.

1st watched 12/24/2009  4 out of 10 (dir-robert ellis miller): emotional christmas fluff that doesn't really get specific enough to explain how the real story happened in this factual-based incident of a man who is wrongly put in jail trying to get a job for his family to make christmas happen for them. the three kids in the family then run away from home on a trek to washington d.c. to enlist the then president of the united states, herbert hoover. this trek provides some side stories like their positive encounters with a hobo and a puppeteer, which makes the story kind of like a disney "animals on the run" movie and doesn't quite fit here. at the ending, there isn't any details given as to how the president helped the family and this is another downpoint to the movie, in my opinion. the movie does eventually bring tears, but it takes too long to get to this. the movie isn't supposed to have been an original tv movie(according to imdb) but it has the obvious fade-outs that make it look this way  so i'm not sure their information is accurate. all in all, this is a simple movie(that could have been more complex) with a happy christmas-like story but blandly played and without a lot of substance.

this is yet another bad movie that you should probably avoid watching. the plot could be a lot "thicker" than it actually is and would be better made as a blockbuster type movie.the acting leaves something to be desired, though you can not quite place your finger on what it is.this is one of those that you watch on late night tv, perhaps on usa, simply because you can not get to sleep. watch it if you want but do not expect too much from it.

beautiful attracts excellent idea, but ruined with a bad selection of the actors. the main character is a loser and his woman friend and his friend upset viewers. apart from the first episode all the other become more boring and boring. first, it considers it illogical behavior. no one normal would not behave the way the main character behaves. it all represents a typical halmark way to endear viewers to the reduced amount of intelligence. does such a scenario, or the casting director and destroy this question is on halmark producers. cat is the main character is wonderful. the main character behaves according to his friend selfish.

so much is wrong with this abysmal little wet fart of a movie that it's hard to know where to begin.first of all, it's a remarkably un-scary scary movie, even by amercian standards. the dialogue is cliché, the characters are two-dimensional, the writing is ho-hum, and what little story there is is neither coherent nor remotely interesting.we meet the following stereotypes in order: balding loser guy (probably divorced, but who knows? this movie doesn't tell us) with a brave heart, the young hero (who doesn't do anything heroic at all), brave little kid (with a homicidal streak a mile wide) and black bad-ass bitch (with more brawn than brains). these guys take up an ongoing fight with the tall scary reaper man and his evil ewoks.oh, and the film is full of wicked little metal orbs whoosing around menacing people. given a chance, they perform impromptu brain surgery on those who doen't have the mental acuity to duck when they come at them. booh! actually, one of them is haunted by a good ghost (but then again, it might be a deceitful spectre) who seems intent on helping our brave contagonists retrieve their young kidnapped friend.there is no character background or even an introduction to any of the characters. it starts with some kind of recap of the ending of the previous movie, but this doesn't explain a lot. if you've seen the first two movies, fine. otherwise you don't know who these people are, how they are related, why they aren't in school or at work, or why you should care whether they live or die. consequently, you don't. the only point of interest becomes any splatter effects. and there aren't enough of those to keep you awake.of potenial interest/amusement are the three raider punks, as stupid as they are evil, who menace our heroes. but they don't get much screen time. they are offed almost immediately. then they are buried (why anybody should take the time is beyond me), then they appear again as evil raider punk zombies. only to be offed again, literally within a minute.the rest of the movie mainly seems to consist of caspar the friendly ghost appearing and disappearing, driving around looking for places, and balding loser trying to score som bad black bitch booty, using pickup lines that would embarrass a mentally retarded teenager. no dice there; not even some gratuitous sex could have saved this movie, so good thing there never is any.the head baddie, called the tall man, doesn't manage to scare anyone older than 3 years; howling "booooy!" every five minutes isn't enough. why he, with his amazing telekinetic powers and uncanny upper-body strength, doesn't simply squash our heroes like bugs isn't explained. instead, he delegates the job to his inept retarded little minions, who never manage to kill anyone before being shot to hell.filmgoers who like masterpieces like "friday 13th part xxxxviii: jason goes to college" might find some entertainment. the rest of us, who have developed pubic hair, will be bored out of our skulls.

i despise horror movies, that is no secret. no plot, bad acting and gallons of blood are staples of these mistakes of cinema, and this "movie" is no exception. i cannot believe some cable stations actually run this garbage. (this particular garbage was released straight-to-video, as i recall.) as mentioning any other movie would be a great insult to that other movie, i say this: all of the phantasm movies, all of the jason movies, freddy movies, chucky movies, and most of the michael myers movies can be summed up in one word: terrible!!!rating (phantasm iii): 0.5/10

this entry is certainly interesting for series fans (like myself), but yet it is mostly incomprehensible. the plot is confusing, as is the sequel continuity. some striking effects, to be sure, but we never find out what it all really means.try to see the "nc-17" workprint version which contains the gore that was cut to be re-rated "r".

in the third entry of the phantasm series, mike and reggie continue chasing the tall man, assisted by a trigger-happy 9 year old, a black g.i. jane and the spirit of mike's deceased brother (he died in the original phantasm). number 3 is a rather disappointing sequel, since the gore and black comedy is a lot less inspired and exciting as it was in phantasm ii. i got the feeling the stress was merely laid on reggie's incompetence as a lover and his talent as stand-up comedian. the humor in the previous film was a lot more dry and oppressed, which fits a story like this better. also, the settings aren't as macabre here, plus the constant presence of the tall man (agnus schrim) isn't as obvious there still is plenty of gore but not half as satisfying this time. by the way, beware for the severely cut version as it shows most delightful killings off-screen. the entire phantasm series is the lifetime achievement of don coscarelli, who wrote and directed 4 episodes so farthe fifth being in production. the first one is a semi-cult classic, the second is a horror-feast of gore and violence and the rest can easily be skipped. a. michael baldwin returns as mike, even though james legros portrayed his character a lot better in phantasm ii.

"phantasm" of 1979 was a highly atmospheric, creepy, scary and very original horror flick, and, in one word, cult. the first sequel of 1988 was gory, witty, action-packed and highly entertaining. after the first sequel however, "phantasm" creator don coscarelly apparently lacked new ideas. "phantasm iii - lord of the dead" of 1994 is certainly not a complete failure, it even is quite entertaining, but there is no more originality, and the desperate attempts to bring in something new, are at times tiresome, which makes it quite disappointing in comparison to its predecessors. - spoilers - quite in the beginning, we are introduced the secret behind the mysterious sentinel spheres (the brain-sucking flying silver balls) is unraveled. thenceforward, a number of unnecessary and annoying new characters (such as tim, a "home alone"-style little kid who happens to be great at shooting, an rocky, a tough and super-cool nunchaku-swinging black chick with a crew cut) are introduced. the film also has its qualities - reggie bannister is again very cool as the pony-tailed, guitar playing reggie. angus scrimm is still quite creepy as the tall man, but the fact that the tall man talks a lot more in this film, makes him loose some of his creepiness. the character of mike is played by a. michael baldwin again (he had been replaced by james legros in part 2), which, in my opinion, doesn't make much of a difference. the gore also keeps the film interesting enough to watch, but it is still a disappointment, especially because the attempts to make up for the lack of ideas get annoying quite quickly.all things considered, "phantasm iii" is an acceptable time-waster, but it is definitely disappointing compared to its predecessors. fans of the first two "phantasm" films can give it a try, but i recommend not to set your expectations too high.

i loathed this film. the original phantasm had such wonderful ambiance and mystery. like many 70s horror flicks, it looked and felt like some creepy, unfinished documentary. phantasm ii, from the late 80s, pumped up the action, but maintained this nice attention to mood. sadly, phantasm iii is just awful. it tediously explains all of the weird happenings in the previous films, which diminishes rather than expands their power. it shamelessly degrades imagery from the first phantasm like a cheap reenactment of the original. there are so many flying spheres in this movie that they seem more like household pests than menacing death orbs. hundreds hang from the ceiling like christmas balls swaying in the draft. didn't anyone-- the prop master, the dp, the editor, the director-- notice or care that they looked so crummy? even worse, phantasm iii presents one corny, unfunny joke after another. how different from the intensity of the first film. the original phantasm used humor to relieve its relentless focus on death. phantasm iii uses death to set up countless cheap jokes about reggie's horniness: several refer to the film's "flying balls" ha-ha, oh, i get it, balls. maybe the crew got a kick out of these jokes, but they are on us.

*spoliers* do not read any further if you haven't seen this moviepicking up after the depressing "phantasm ii" ended; the tall man kidnaps mike, while reggie and new kid tim spend most of the rest of the movie trying to get him back, and not end up as slaves on the tall man's "red planet". this one gets really silly: the trio of thieves in the bright pink hearse were only there for comic relief, and the black karate chick (can't remember her name) was so irritating i couldn't wait to see if the tall man killed her character. this one sets it up to almost look like it was going to be tim's character, who comes in late and ultimately is the hero, but ... it doesn't quite work out that way. by the very end of this story liz is beheaded by the killer midgets, mike gets a silver sphere implanted into his skull, the spheres get reggie and the dwarfs get tim, and there's no one left to stop the tall man. the bad guy wins - now how's that for a surprise twist at the end?this was filmed in 1993 and unreleased until '95, and the ending of this one was at the time final, and although it's disappointing and anticlimactic it was also a fitting and appropriate ending for this weird little series. but the fourth one changes this ending and adds nothing new but more bad jokes, and an even worse and more nonsensical ending ...*1/2 out of ****

phantasm ....class. phantasm ii.....awesome. phantasm iii.....erm.....terrible.even though i would love to stick up for this film, i quite simply can't. the movie seems to have "sold out". first bad signs come when the video has trailers for other films at the start (something the others did not). also too many pointless characters, prime examples the kid (who is a crack shot, funny initially but soon you want him dead), the woman who uses karate to fight off the balls (erm not gonna work, or rather shouldn't) and the blooming zombies (what the hell are they doing there, there no link to them in the other phatasms). also there is a severe lack of midgets running about.the only good bits are the cracking start and, of course, reggie b.(possible spoiler coming up)to me this film seems like a filler between ii and iv as extra characters just leave at the end so can continue with main 4 in iv.overall very, very disappointing. 3 / 10

it's been close to ten years since i've seen either of the last two sequels to "phantasm" - surely due to my still vivid remembrance of them not being very good. that being acknowledged to this day, i'm still a huge fan of the first two installments so i thought i'd go back and re-experience the 'final chapters'. part three is definitely the worst of the series since it obviously takes itself less seriously and throws in a bunch of confusing stuff that doesn't make much sense... again, kicking off right where the previous movie left us, reggie saves mike from the tall man who vows to come back for him later, but things aren't safe for long when they come across jody who is inexplicably able to the take the form of a sphere. apparently his soul is held prisoner by the tall man so mike is then dragged into the sinister double-pronged netherworld and reg has to find him... along the way, he meets up with a ten year-old kid and a nun-chuck wielding black chick named rocky who assist him throughout his journey.there's really nothing memorable about "phantasm iii" other than how stupid and forcefully "humorous" it tries to be. only one positive aspect that didn't even help the movie and that was the return of a. michael baldwin and bill thornbury who reprise their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic. the problem is, they pretty much make cameo appearances... reggie banister is of course back in his starring role, but his bumbling, love-sick attitude makes his presence far too annoying to like. angus scrimm also just didn't seem entirely "into" his role. he talks too much here and is nowhere near as menacing and creepy in contrast with the "quirkiness" that the movie seemed to carelessly resort to. most people's opinion on this flick seem pretty impassive and tend to think "it's still entertaining". maybe i'm just too much of a nit picker but i just couldn't get into this one. i remember disliking it when i was a kid and after re-watching it - i can safely say - nothing has changed. don coscarelli rocked the scene with his original low-budget, nightmarish, legendary film "phantasm", which i still rank as my top favorite horror flick and his respectable sequel kept things moving and darkly surreal and gory, but "lord of the dead" (stupid title) just looked too rushed and slapped together to me... the inclusion of the two new characters, tim and rocky (the only thing missing was scrappy doo!!), was a strong indication of coscarelli running out of ideas and seeing how far he could ride the franchise...so, it's a "phantasm" movie with very little gore, nudity, and quadruple-barrel shot guns. need i say more?

why watch this? there is only one reason and that is for the greatness of john saxon. i love his acting. my most favorite appearances by him are in nightmare on elm street 1,3, and 7 as nancy's father a cop, black christmas as a cop, and from dusk till dawn again as a cop. when i was rummaging through my local mall video outlet i came across the film zombie death house and i quickly tossed it back but before moving on i noticed that john saxon was not only an actor in this film but for the first time that i have ever heard of a director. this intrigued me (also the cheap $9.00 price tag) and i and i had to have it. upon coming home i realized that this film did not live up to saxon's other work even his acting, which may have been muddled by the added pressures of directing. but it was not just him the other actors sucked too. it seemed as if they had all been pulled out of a recent porno shoot and told now guys you really have to act. the film even looks of 80's porn quality. i cannot in good faith recommend this film to casual viewers, but if you are an obsessed fan of the 80's who missed out on the culture that came from that era by being born to late, or a fan of crap films than this one is for. also if you dig john saxon as i do.

it seems like this is the only film that john saxon ever directed, and that he had the good sense to stop after that and stay in front of the camera. this movie is a dog, from start to finish, and it's dull and wooden with nothing much going for it. a viet nam war hero takes a job working for a mob boss, gets a bit too friendly with the wife and then the wife is killed by the mob boss himself & the war hero framed and sent to prison, death row, specifically. now, this particular prison has been experimenting on inmates and is testing some formula that will turn men into the ultimate killing machine (a zombie). of course, everything goes wrong and then there's all these infected people trapped in the prison, some of whom are turning into zombies and the rest who suddenly just don't want to be there anymore. this just goes on and on and on with nothing particularly much to show or say for itself, and i stopped it before the end, which seemed like it was coming a few times but no, it was apparently only getting set to take off on a different and equally dull path. if one watched to the end they may well become a zombie themselves, so don't risk it. 2 out of 10.

i love john saxon in anything he's in. the one time he takes over the camera though he directs a movie that should have more aptly been been titled "please do not watch this movie called: zombie death house". the $1000 dollar shock insurance certificate is dear fred olen ray's tricky way of making you spend 14 dollars on a filmed dump churned out by a major 70's cheese legend. ray being the front man at retromedia. ray by the way makes charles band look hotter than stucco ceilings on a ford falcon. just plain bad now, the both of them- and boring besides. it's great that ray is digging up this old stuff and in some cases it's public domain like the rest of the dollar video hucksters but in the case of zombie death house- (the word "zombie" sloppily superimposed to add ownership and interest on the part of f.o.r.) the only way to do service to this tripe is to release it on the dollar market for the curious collector and fans of saxon!!! if you wanna see real saxon, pick up black christmas, nightmare on elm street or the glove.

after mob boss vic moretti (late great anthony franciosa) kills his lady whom has been cheating on him with derek, their new chauffeur/ vietnam vet, and blames it on the poor guy, derek finds himself in jail where he has to contend with a corrupt warden, vic's prisoner brother who runs the jail, and, oh yeah illegal experiments conducted by a shady cia agent (great genre-mainstay and first time director john saxon) to turn various prisoners into super-human invincible zombies. of course things get out of hand and it's up to derek, and the rest of the unchanged prisoners, to save the day after the infected ones take the jail over.john saxon is a great talented actor & as a director saxon is a... great talented actor. to say this movie (john's sole directorial outing to date) lacks a certain visual flair would be a bit of an understatement. however, the film isn't totally without merit. the dialog, while idiotic, is just bad enough to be humorous sometimes. sadly, this isn't really enough for the movie to coast by on that alone and it takes forever for the film to even start coming into it's own (which is fairly late in the movie). as such, the most i can recommend this film is to say that if you're a fan of saxon (which i indeed am), it's worth one watch, just go in with low expectations and you should be fine.eye candy: dana lis mason and tane mcclure get toplessmy grade: d+

*contains some spoilers* this movie is cheesy 80s horror in all its awfulness. the plot takes way too long to get off the ground, never steadies itself, and then just plain crashes about 40 minutes into the film. there are a few gem moments for zombie fans, but not nearly enough zombies to create a real sense of terror.the zombies also take a long time to make their appearance. first, there's a whole half of a movie about mobs and prison gangs. the hero of the movie is an ex-vietnam vet who gets caught up in the mob. the main mob boss sets him up and he goes to jail. in this jail, they are experimenting on the prisoners to find a way to cure them of homicidal tendencies and criminal behavior. but the badie psychotic head scientist/military guy has other plans in mind. he wants to use a slightly different version of the serum to make ....da da da.... super soldiers! after some infected prisoners kill a few guards and most of the prison has a round of infected communion wine, the military/crazy scientist guy goes "hey this might be a problem" and gives a call to the genius scientist turned investigative journalist hot babe ultra-empowered independent woman character, who of course invented the original serum. she goes to the prison to see what's going down, the military guy calls in a few swat teams from his secure position outside the prison, and the hero guy takes charge of the few prisoners with a heart of gold when a riot breaks out. the hero guy and the scientist/journalist lady team up to find a cure, save the warden's kids, and deal with some irate prisoners, both infected and not. meanwhile, the mob boss guy has made a deal to get into the prison so that he can save his imprisoned brother. the military gets ready to blow the place up, and everyone inside scrambles to find a way out.there are a lot of gory scenes where people are killed by being pressed or pulled through prison bars. there's also a creepy decapitation scene and electrocution scene involving the same infected rasta prisoner. still, the most disturbing scene is in the early part of the film, when a gross corrupt guard rapes a prisoner.the main highlight of this film is one scene towards the end. the hero, woman, and kids are trying to make their way to the only escape route. their path leads them to a long hallway, on one side there is a wall and on the other are prison bars. hundreds of bloody zombie hands reach through, gracing their hair and faces as they pass by. there's also a few good scenes of the classic "couple of zombies munching on freshly dead bodies" and "many zombies ripping one guy to shreds" bits.overall, worth watching if you're researching the zombie genre as it has so many zombie clichés worth noting; it's practically an instruction manual on what not to do when making a zombie movie. but if you're new to zombie flicks and want a real scare, you should look elsewhere.

i myself am a big fan of low-budget 80's horror films. this isn't the worst but still not to spectacular. the plot line is decent but drags out way too long. you're through half the movie before you even get to see any zombie action. the kills aren't very creative and the zombies aren't too crafty. i truly think this movie would have been better if they left out the zombies and just made it into some mafia flick. it's watchable but i feel that this film did steal at least an hour of my life. i'll give the film credit for being somewhat original. if you are really into b horror movies it's worth a viewing but if you're not, don't bother. but you don't have to take my word for it.

if you made a genre flick in the late 80s, you basically had a 50/50 chance it would either be set underwater or in a prison (sadly, we never got an underwater prison flick). framed for murder by mafia boss moretti (anthony franciosa), derek keillor (dennis cole) ends up on death row, right alongside the mob boss' brother frankie (frank sarcinello jr.). but this is the least of derek's problems as rogue government agent (and mob stoolie) col. burgess (john saxon, who also directs) is using the prison as a testing ground for a new supervirus. this is the only flick saxon directed during his storied career. for a guy who has worked with tons of directors, it appears the only ones he picked up any tips from were the cheap-o italian ones. sure, it is low budget, but that can't excuse the stilted staging, shooting gaffes, or clumsy exposition in the first 15 minutes. to his credit, saxon did make it slightly gory and he works in a hilarious nude scene (our lead falls asleep during a prison riot only to fantasize about a female scientist). cole, who looks like a more rugged jan-michael vincent, is decent as the stoic lead and franciosa - sporting a really bad rug - gives it his all as the cliché mob boss. the end takes place at marty mckee's favorite location, bronson canyon. retromedia released this on dvd as zombie death house.

adrianne, should really get a life-without mr. "brady". she nauseates me, and has been one of the main reasons why i know longer tune in to the show. it's pretty brainless show, and every little argument or disagreement seems to be put under the scope and analyzed to death. this makes them look/sound they are anything but ready for marriage, and yet, i know these disagreements are all part of life. i guess to some people this is entertainment. if this happens to fall into next season i will feel sorry for anyone who has nothing better to do with their life but watch this trash. though i would not be terribly surprised. can't even stand the commercials for this show anymore! i hope they're getting enough money to constantly embarrass themselves in front of a camera week after week. however, the "a" girl has one heck of great butt!

i do not watch much television and came across this show. reality show? i sure hope this is not for real. if i was a man and had such a nag and was married to someone so snotty, it would be grounds for divorce. i think she sets a bad example of how a person should treat a person they love. that is one thing that is wrong with our world now, so many people in bad relationships, selfish and do not know the meaning of what it is to truly love another. it is self sacrificing and not something that should be on merritt. that does not give one a very good feeling, to watch what should be in private counseling. if his personality on the show is for real, then he deserves someone much better that would show real true love and care for him and appreciate him for who he is. is this show a reality or made up for ratings???? i really would like to know. sincerely, gb

i loved adrianne curry before this show. i thought she was great on top model and was really glad when she won. i also liked chris knight, he seems like a great guy. but this show just made me sick! i'm so angry at both of them for what happened on that show. i don't care that they were different ages, i know age can't stand between love. but adrianne, you had been together for only seven months. it didn't surprise me at all that he hadn't proposed. and i don't see the appeal of forcing someone to marry you before they're ready. if it's meant to be, then why not just enjoy each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary, it's stupidly obvious that chris loves you, with or without a ring. and chris, shame on you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! you've been through two failed marriages, how could you rush into another one just because she pitched a fit? i hope the relationship lasts, but i really feel that the marriage was rushed and for all the wrong reasons. maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reasons to be married from within the marriage.

i don't know what it is with these brady kids. first, barry williams publicly brags about having sexy with his tv sister, maureen mccormick, then about dating his tv mom, florence hederson. then, susan (cindy) olsen does music for a bunch of porno movies. then mike (bobby) lookinland gets in trouble for drunk driving. finally, maureen (marcia) mccormick and eve (jan) plum might have had a little same-sex fling on the side. now, christopher (peter) knight is pursued by a beautiful young model in her early-20s during his stint on "the surreal life", which at first was fun to watch, and now they are married and in a very volatile and hostile relationship. the last episode, where she posed for a bunch of nude photographs with another naked girl for a scrapbook to give to christopher for his birthday, was not a good move on her part. and he dealt with it in a very mature fashion, just picking up and leaving to clear his head. i think he was always bowing to her every need and now he's finally taking a stand. and i hate to say it, but i think she abuses him, verbally. the way she was torturing him for an engagement ring and the way she reams him for every little thing. also she talks openly about having flings with other women and it is obvious she still sleeps around on him with women and men, which is not something any self-respecting human being should do when already married to someone. if this were a man talking down to his wife like that, and going out every night partying and having sex with other people, everyone would be rallying behind the wife to leave him. why should this be any different. what started out as a cute little crush on another reality show blossomed into a huge disaster. adrianne, as beautiful as she is, is like another britney spears and lindsay lohan, clearly in need of some therapy because she cries like a baby over so many silly things. i feel sorry for her, but chris needs to rid himself of her, because he is a good man who cannot afford to be humiliated like this.

"ambushed" is no ordinary action flick. it's much to bad to be ordinary. one man walks toward another with a machine gun blazing. the other man fires one round and fells the man with the greater fire power without so much as a nick from the hail of lead raining down on him. guess which one is the good guy. duh. such is "ambushed" through and through. not a good action flick, not a good drama, not a good movie, "ambushed" fails on all levels with it's cast of b-movie veterans mechanically going through the motions almost as though they know they're making a real loser. not recommended for anyone.

ok, i've seen plenty of movies dealing with witches and the occult but this one was just plain weird. this movie starts out as this cult of witches led by a really bad orson wells playing the staring role (couldn't they have gotten somebody that looked and acted more like a satanist) he just did not belong in this movie at all. but anyhow, the coven takes a new member and stabs a doll that resembles somebody and makes her have a miscarrage. the lady that had the miscarrage and her husband go off to a place called lillith on busness and the lady meanwhile is seeing an image of her sister or whoever it is calling to her and warning her to stay away from there and to never use her powers there or she will die. the couple after they get settled down in the strange town discover that all the inhabitants are all witches and she becomes nosey and afraid of all of her neighbors and friends. then strange things start to happen as the lady discovers a funeral taking place on a hill that suddenly disapears (that was creepy) as well as seeing the little boy belonging to orson wells at the playgroud that he later asks the lady to help him bring back to life. the lady soon tries to escape the town but only to find herself traped by it's inhabitants and powers and finds herself ignoring all of what the spirit tries to warn her about. this movie is ok, it's has it's moments of suspense but it really could have done much better than to have orson in there.

when a film has no fewer than five different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has major flaws somewhere. necromancy has major flaws and is just out and out bad. i saw the version on video called rosemary's disciples. yes, i am sure it differs from other versions, but i am not inclined to think that in any way is any other version and the few more minutes it might have - going to be really any better. the story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens with laurie waking up and her husband taking her to a town where he has a new job at a toy factory for occultists(yep, it gets bad this early!). the town is called lillith and has some guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure only those selected by the "owner" of the town are allowed in. soon we find that everyone living in lillith is a witch and all follow the directives of mr. cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back(hence the name necromancy). the people in the town do witch kind of stuff - have ceremonies, some like wearing a goat's head, and promiscuity abounds(not much really shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. mr. cato is played robustly by the figuratively and literally larger-than-life movie maverick orson welles. welles is misused, but, make no mistake, he is the best thing in this movie. and that is really the saddest part of necromancy as welles gives a pretty poor and pedestrian performance with little directorial guidance. in one scene at a party, director bert i gordon keeps going back to welles watching the action of the party using the exact same frames! it looked ridiculous. as did the scene that was repeatedly seen over and over again of a woman's arm centered in swirling flames after a car crash. it looked like the arm of a shop mannequin. the story is never fully utilized as we never really know what happens: many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. this also applies to the corny, hokey ending. the lead pamela franklin is pert and pretty and has some talent. other than her performance, real slim pickings from the rest of the cast sans welles. the direction and story were both done by gordon who obviously had little gas left in the engine. this is not a good movie in any way under any name.

for starters and for the record, the term "necromancy" describes the black magic art of bringing the dead back to life and it does not, in any way, relate to having sex with cadavers. that is called necrophilia and, yes, i know it's an obvious difference but i'm already getting a lot of remarks from acquaintances and relatives that i sport a perverted taste in movies! this movie is quite the opposite of perverted or sleazy, in fact, and merely just qualifies as boring, inept and terribly bad. "necromancy" makes at least one top five ranking, namely in the list of most incoherent movies ever made! now, director bert i. gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces (on his repertoire there are titles like "earth vs. the spider", "king dinosaur" and "food of the gods") but he really surpassed himself here with a totally senseless, redundant and utterly nonsensical tale about witchcraft and secretive little towns. shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby being born dead, lori and her husband frank move to the quiet little town of lillith, where frank suddenly got offered a prominent job in a toy factory. lori is suspicious and senses an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the town's patriarch and "owner" mr. cato behaving very obtrusive and mysterious. that's another thing. how can anybody "own" a town and everybody in it? either way, lori gradually discovers that everybody in lillith is a witch and mr. cato exclusively lured her to the town because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. since many years already, cato has been trying to bring his deceased son back to life and he's prepared to make any human sacrifice it takes. i honestly don't see the point of the whole movie. it's a blatant rip-off of "rosemary's baby"  one of the alternate titles even is "rosemary's disciples"  but the script is muddled and imbecilic beyond belief. why isn't anyone allowed to have children for as long as cato's son remains dead? that's just really selfish! when, where and how did lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead? "necromancy" definitely contains a few genuinely uncanny and atmospheric moments, but these are unwarily accomplished either by complete coincidence or through a total lack of budget. the grainy photography provides the film with an eerie ambiance and the set pieces look cheap enough to be creepy. orson welles' performance  undoubtedly the low point of his career  is pitiable, and still it's the best aspect about the entire movie.

i watched the canadian videotape of this movie as "the witching" which somehow made its way to new york state. audio was quite bad, i had to raise it to about 7/8 just to hear it and the soundtrack often was overwhelming the dialog. orson welles was a mumbler, worse than usual, and some of his dialog and of others was run through an echo chamber. a ghostly figure who keeps reappearing had her voice distorted. some closed captions would really have helped!a group of witches or satanists (the end credits say the group was not meant to represent any real group!) have a ritual in which they get naked and cause a miscarriage by stabbing a doll. the woman who had the miscarriage and her husband move to a town named "lilith," where he's been offered a job at a toy factory. despite one of the akas of this movie apparently being "the toy factory," we never see it, and it's only occasionally referred to at all.on the way to lilith, her husband gets impatient with some of her questions about what his new boss mr. cato wanted to know about their religious persuasion. he drives aggressively, and causes another car to go off the road and blow up. after the police arrive, she takes a doll that fell out of the car, the second of many handmade dolls in the movie.it turns out mr. cato and all the townspeople are witches, and that they are the ones who caused her miscarriage, though she doesn't realize it. they want her because she has an innate talent for necromancy, of which she was not really aware.some images in the movie have some impact, but on the whole the movie is not very involving. the movie does seem a bit of a mess, and this is no doubt largely due to its re- editing and the addition of new footage. the original version, according to the end credits, was called necromancy - a life for a life. the magic of dvd could let us see both versions on one disc, but re-releasing this movie probably isn't a priority.

i figured that any horror film with orson welles in it would be weird. necromancy sure was but it was a little too weird for it's own good. the film does indeed have a creepy feel as it deals with a coven of satanists/witches in a small town and a young woman's attempt to escape them. the director though seems to be deliberately trying to confuse the audience by using flashbacks and dream sequences. by the finale, there are too many unanswered questions. what's worse, as the story is so confusing, it's pretty hard to root for any of the characters. it seems odd that welles would agree to headline this film especially since he doesn't have that much to do. maybe someday they will put out a tape of the outtakes and bloopers from this movie. now that would really be fun!

i've given up trying to figure out what version of this i'm watching. the copyright at the end indicates 1983. and though this is not the important bit of my objection to this film, i will say that watching a film obviously made in the aquarian age (including long haired hippie chicks and odious station wagons) but with a 1980s synth soundtrack is unsettling. extremely unsettling.my main objection here is how dare the filmmakers bury cute-as-a-button pamela franklin alive. how dare they.seriously she's all like adorable and stuff but in the two movies i've seen her in - this crapfest and the otherwise excellent legend of hell house - they kill her off.i would like to put the film industry on notice. pamela franklin has apparently retired from the business but if she ever decides to do another film and some blasted cur of a director attempts to kill her off i shall ask him to step outside.no one beats up on pamela franklin and gets away with it. i am quite cross. the fury has been unleashed.for b-movie fans seeking out a crapfest, you could do much worse than this. on the plus side, this is not a film which involves satanism in a peripheral and circumspect way - this movie is a hardcore satanic film.wall-to-wall satanic ceremonies, baphomets, hallucinations, a ludicrous rat attack - what else could you ask for.this excellent stuff is quite nearly ruined by the baffling grafted-on 1980s synth soundtrack, which is about as mismatched to a film as it is possible to be. the soundtrack reminded me of something you'd hear on the equalizer. it's really bad.also, they made pamela franklin squash her charming english accent, which was also quite rude, if not a cruel atrocity (against the viewer) such as you might find covered by the universal declaration of human rights. i say that we have a right to hear pamela franklin speak in her own voice. who's with me? i could forgive everything else about this film if they didn't abuse pamela franklin. and so i throw the gauntlet down, sirs -- anyone who messes with pamela franklin messes with me.even in a fictional context.good day, sirs.

the only previous gordon film i had watched was the kiddie adventure the magic sword (1962), though i followed this soon after with empire of the ants (1977); he seems to be best remembered, however, for his sci-fi work of the 1950s.anyway, i happened upon this one in a dvd rental shop: hadn't i noticed orson welles' unmistakable figure on the sleeve, i probably wouldn't even have bothered with it – since i know the film under its original title, necromancy! i'd seen a still from it on an old horror tome of my father's: the actor's presence in a film about diabolism seemed like a great idea which couldn't possibly miss, but the end result – particularly in this bastardized edition – is a disaster! i honestly felt sorry for welles who looks bored and, rather than in his deep and commanding voice, he mutters the inane demonic invocations almost in whispers!! the plot is, basically, yet another retread of rosemary's baby (1968): a couple is invited to a remote community under false pretenses and soon discover themselves to be surrounded by diabolists. the girl, played by pamela franklin, ostensibly has supernatural powers (passed on from her mother, who appears intermittently throughout to warn her – though, as delivered in an intense manner through clenched teeth, the latter's speeches end up being largely incoherent and the fount of immense hilarity every time she appears!) and is expected to revive welles' deceased young son from the dead!! for what it's worth, franklin – a genre regular, right down from her debut performance in the innocents (1961) – isn't bad in her role (which requires some nudity and experiences several semi-eerie hallucinations during the course of the film); hubby michael ontkean, however, isn't up to the challenge of his john cassavetes-like character. some of the other girls look good as well – notably lee purcell, whose belated decision to help franklin in escaping from town eventually proves her undoing.events come to a head in an incredibly muddled climax, which sees the satanists ultimately turning on franklin and have her take the revived boy's place in the coffin (that's gratitude for you!). while the added scenes do stick out (the hilarious opening ceremony and other would-be erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would have still been poor without them; then again, this particular version is further sunk by the tacked-on electronic score – which is wholly inappropriate, and cheesy in the extreme!

like most comments i saw this film under the name of the witching which is the reissue title. apparently necromancy which is the original is better but i doubt it.most scenes of the witching still include most necromancy scenes and these are still bad. in many ways i think the added nudity of the witching at least added some entertainment value! but don't be fooled -there's only 3 scenes with nudity and it's of the people standing around variety. no diabolique rumpy pumpy involved!this movie is so inherently awful it's difficult to know what to criticise first. the dialogue is awful and straight out of the troma locker. at least troma is tongue in cheek though. this is straight-faced boredom personified. the acting is variable with pamela franklin (flora the possessed kid in the innocents would you believe!) the worst with her high-pitched screechy voice. welles seems merely waiting for his pay cheque. the other female lead has a creepy face so i don't know why pamela thought she could trust her in the film! and the doctor is pretty bad too. he also looks worringly like gene wilder.it is ineptly filmed with scenes changing for no reason and editing is choppy. this is because the witching is a copy and paste job and not a subtle one at that. only the lighting is ok. the sound is also dreadful and it's difficult to hear with the appalling new soundtrack which never shuts up. the 'ghost' mother is also equally rubbish but the actress is so hilariously bad at acting that at least it provides some unintentional laughs.really this film (the witching at least) is only for the unwary. it can't have many sane fans as it's pretty unwatchable and i actually found it mind-numbingly dull! the best bit was when the credits rolled - enough said so simply better to this poor excuse for a movie like the plague!

i imagine that the young people involved in the making of "necromancy" (aka "the witching" plus a bunch of other titles) must have felt a little weird being on the set of a horror movie with the man who: participated with john houseman in the production of a proletarian play ("the cradle will rock"); scared people into thinking that aliens were invading ("the war of the worlds"); and directed and starred in the greatest movie of all time ("citizen kane"). and now orson welles was starring in a third-rate flick about a satanic cult.there's basically nothing creative about this movie. lots of nudity, but the background music always proves really distracting. even if the movie wasn't particularly predictable, it still wasn't worth seeing. how low welles had sunk. fortunately, over the final thirteen years of his life, he narrated the documentary "bugs bunny superstar" (about the warner bros. cartoons of the 1940s) and hosted the documentary "the man who saw tomorrow" (about nostradamus). i recommend those two, but not this one. just avoid it.also starring pamela franklin and michael ontkean.

when you're making a thriller about witchcraft, i believe you should do everything you can to help the audience suspend its disbelief in order for the movie to work. some pictures ("rosemary's baby", for example) have accomplished this; others (like "necromancy") haven't and the potentially scary material comes across as corny and goofy. this film does have some atmospheric moments, but about half the dialogue is hard to make out (sometimes it's poorly recorded, at other times just incomprehensible) and orson welles, who gets top billing, has a role that is so beneath him that you have to assume he was desperate for the work. or maybe he was simply having fun.....(*1/2)

i was about 7 when this dire monstrosity of a film was released. in the uk it was advertised on the tv in the summer of 1977 for weeks, as if it were some incredible blockbuster film. it was actually the first film i ever saw at a cinema, and i was put off going for years to come. the following week i was invited to go and see the new film "star wars" and i declined. to this day i have never seen it, in protest at having to watch sasquatch! seriously, even at the age of 7 i could tell that i was watching garbage. it's just so bad, it's almost unbelievable. rambling nonsense that should never have made it to a cinema. i was however amused to read all these years later that the director never directed again, just as well as far as i'm concerned. avoid at all costs!!!

this is a typical low budget 1970's mess. it's supposed to be a docudrama about a crew hunting bigfoot through the pacific northwest. every character is a stereotype, from the native american to the cynical cowboy. the acting and narration are a complete joke. if you're hoping to see a lot of bigfoot footage - keep hoping. there won't be much, and what there is you could do in your backyard with a cheap costume and a camcorder; it would look better than this movie.it's not that i don't like 1970's low budge fare; i do. it's that this is such a mess of bad acting, bad characters, lousy story and no thrills that you just can't enjoy it. it does not fit into the "so bad it's good" category, nor can you get a laugh out of how bad it is without the help of illicit substances. it's mostly a lot of boring footage of the people camping, hiking, riding horses, and watching wild life. there is a bigfoot attack which is completely stupid; supposedly our friend sasquatch is throwing rocks down on the campers from above while they fire their rifles back at him. by that point you are rooting heavily for bigfoot to drops some rocks on the filmmaker's heads and stop the whole thing.

as a teenager, i was pretty into the whole bigfoot thing - i read the books and followed the reported sightings. as a more jaded adult, i've largely given up on the big guy now, but don't mind watching the odd movie when i come across one. this one had a few strong points to it - mainly, the recreations of two of the more famous bigfoot encounters - the ape canyon incident of 1924 and the bauman incident of c.1850 as related to and by teddy roosevelt, both of which i'm somewhat familiar with from that youthful reading i did. the movie takes for granted that both incidents involved a sasquatch, whereas both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the recreations were well done. there's also homage paid at the beginning of the movie to the famous patterson video, again taking for granted its authenticity. the sasquatch encounter at the end of the movie was also very well done and had a very creepy feel to it as the sasquatch were portrayed mainly in the shadows or as hairy feet running past the terrified men. unfortunately, in total those four things might have composed about 20 minutes, whereas the movie as a whole is slightly over an hour and a half.it's the fictional story (done in a documentary style) of an expedition to a remote area of northern british columbia, to the suspected home range of the sasquatch. a computer had targeted this area based on sightings and - in one of the more amusing scenes in the movie - the computer also used "eyewitness sightings" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looked exactly like the "creature" of the patterson video! aside from those 20 minutes i mentioned, we basically watch this expedition travel, which means we get to watch a bunch of guys go on a long camping trip. i've been on camping trips with the guys. let me tell you - they've never been worthy of a movie. interspersed among the long stretches of boredom are some nice wildlife shots (although one suspects that canned footage was used, or perhaps even captive animals performing as wild animals) and there are some spectacular scenery shots, except that the scenery isn't of northern british columbia, it's from national parks in oregon.i did appreciate that we were never given a real picture of the sasquatch, so we didn't have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10

fiction film (it lists as based on a story though it does have a "documented by" credit) about a group of scientists going into the wilds of canada to try and find a bigfoot.(they want to capture one and then attach a tracking device). its lots of scientific mumbo jumbo mixed in what is really a dull film of a bunch of people wandering around in the wilderness. there are some attempts at creating tension and scares, but to be perfectly honest there is nothing here worth seeing outside of some great looking shots of the wilds. this is a perfect definition of an exploitation film, it promises you so much, a look at bigfoot, but in reality it delivers very little. recommended for insomniacs only

after having red the overwhelming reviews this film got in my country, i but wanted to see it. but - what a disappointment! to see a bunch of one-dimensional characters in a plot that lacks of originality is not worth the money and the time to spend. i sometimes wonder about the filmcritics in switzerland.

lame plot and two-dimensional script made characters look like cardboard cut-outs. needless to say, this made it difficult to feel empathy for any of the characters, especially the fiancé; he looked and acted more like a cartoon. in summary, i guess you could say it was on par with your typical made for tv drama. it uses just about every cliché in the book. the tortured classical musician who wants to break-out and play salsa. the free-spirited fiancée engaged to a "bean counter" personality she doesn't love. i won't list them or else it would be a spoiler because i'd be giving away the whole plot. the dancing was ok but nothing special. i've seen worse. 3 stars for good music. the band was really tight. i saw it on youtube. thankfully i didn't pay good money to see it at a theater. i'm still a little shocked at how many great reviews this movie has garnished.

i wanted to like this movie, but many elements ruined it for me. the use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head, but it did make me think i was watching mtv for a few short moments. the movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting. i love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld, but this film couldn't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.

judging by the hype, and other reviews on this site, i was ready for an awesome horror movie focusing on junkies. what i got was complete crap focusing on junkies. i wonder if there's another movie called "cookers" that these people reviewed? there are only 3 main characters, and none of them struck me as well-written or well-acted. basically the whole movie i just spent shaking my head and marveling at the stupidity of these drug addicts.do yourself a favor. don't rent this movie. rent "cabin fever" or some other decent horror movie. hell, rent "mary poppins"! the animated penguins are scarier and more convincing than anything you'll find in "cookers."

i see what the director was trying to do but he missed the mark. the main actor was really good but the editing around his moments takes you out of it. the camera work, ie lighting and exposer is kind of amateur which i could forgive if the direction was more fluent but it wasn't. the sound was a bit off and that takes you out of the film as well. i see could see this director doing a little bit better in the future so not a total right off but don't expect a dv movie nearly as good as 28 days later or anything, keep your expectations low and you'll get more out of it. at least it was only an hour and a half. oh yeah and other than the lead the acting was pretty bad if you ask me. but i'm a movie snob so take that for what that's worth.

if this movie as meant to discourage people from doing drugs, it fails. i was ready to start using them i got waiting for something to happen and nothing ever really did. this movie is neither horror or drama. it's just the paranoia of meth users. this movie may win an award for the using the "f" word so many times and so uselessly. it was not well stated, but i felt like they were making meth to replace meth they owed to someone. hector just got worse and more paranoid as the movie went on and the girl just got more hopeless. the ending really made no sense. the movie made no sense unless it was just showing how annoying is is to be stuck in a house in the middle of nowhere with a meth-head. i relied on the other feedback when i decided to watch this movie and the rating on this movie should be a much lower average.

i picked up tran scan from the library and brought it home. we have considered taking a trip out east and thought it would give us a feel of what it was like. the film was a total waste of time, if i went out to buy it i would call it tran scam when i saw that it costs $49.the dvd ran for 8 minutes and showed a roller coaster ride across canada with my stomach feeling ill as they went up and down and around curve with the film at high speed.there was a lot of footage they probably shot on this and you would think that they could have made a better product. if i would of done this project i would of provided more footage, paused on road signs to let people know where they were and linger in places to view the scenery. to make a film like this it should of been 60 to 90min. oh yes the case said it was in stereo, the whole film was a hissing sound from sped up car sound, thet could of at least put some music to it.if you want a good cross canada film watch the railrodder / national film board of canada starring buster keaton (the one of the last film he made) in this comical film buster keaton gets on to a railway trackspeeder in nova scotia and travels to british columbia

as an ordinary movie-watcher i can't say i enjoyed watching this one. it's not too emotional for a drama, not too gripping for a thriller, not too fast for an action. plus, some moments of the movie are hardly credible. ok, i understand, soldiers become a bit out of their mind out there, but it's hard to believe that a person would risk his life, carjack into the middle of a hostile city, and after being shouted at by a professor's wife run away, without having asked a question (in a proper way). it would seem terribly romantic if it were an animation or so, but it's supposed to be a serious film about war.. there are several episodes like this, so the whole picture makes an impression that it's just a raw preview of a movie, and it needs considerable work.it feels like the movie makers wanted to create an image of an emotional brave soldier, but all these 'curves' of his psychology seem simply unnatural.this picture left a question in my head: why? why they gave it an oscar? why six? and imho it's the most thrilling part of the movie :)

really? really???? i know if you make a political war movie you will get noticed but this movie was just garbage. horrible in every sense. terribly inaccurate in so many ways. i have an easier time believing the president of the united states suiting up, flying a jet fighter, and shooting down aliens. it is easier to note the few things that were right. my jaw dropped when i saw some one say that this movie was the best in the last 25 years. it was overacted, seemingly pointless plot diversions, and had questionable cinematography at times.x-box, youtube, acupat utilities did anyone check that these things did not exist in 2004? it's not like you had to do extensive research, it was only five years before this movie came out. i am an iraq war veteran and if you spent one day with an infantry platoon or an eod squad you would realize how b.s. this movie is. to compare this to platoon or saving private ryan is ludicrous. why don't you just throw commando and red dawn in there too; i think those might be more accurate. if for some reason you can see past the unbelievable plot, the historical and factual discrepancies, then this movie might just be ok. nothing more. if you keep on hearing "oscar buzz", and have to add your own pompous review, go right ahead. as for me, i am writing the director to see if i can get my 131 minutes back.

i rented this film on netflix after it won all the oscars, to see if it was really that good.the hurt locker is a very realistic portrayal (for the most part) of a group of soldier's rotation in iraq. the film centers around will james, a reckless soldier who gets his adrenaline fix from taking risks, and defusing bombs.where this film seems to lack in my opinion is the plot and direction of the movie. this film has no clear plot unlike other films such as black hawk down. what this film tries to do is focus more on the characters, and their different attitudes about the war. bigelow does an okay job of focusing on the characters, but there are many points in the film where the dialogue seems to drag. hurt locker is 131 minutes long, yet it feels like a 3 hour movie.one scene in the movie that was particularly awful, and ruined the films perfect credibility, was the sniping scene halfway through the movie. it was both unrealistic, and very long.overall, i thought this film was okay, but the reason i gave it a 6 instead of a 7, was because it was a major letdown for winning best picture at the oscars. i felt like this film could have been so much better considering saving private ryan lost best picture, but was much better than this film. another notable mention is black hawk down which only won 2 oscars. i honestly do not know how this won best picture.if you are looking for an action packed war flick, rent black hawk down. this film will be forgotten in a year or two.

i was intrigued to see how a little-seen 2008 film had somehow won the oscar for best picture of 2009 and thus went to see the hurt locker. sadly, all i got for the two hours invested was the grim confirmation that this film had won awards purely for off-the-screen reasons.the direction and visual style of this film is some of the weakest you will ever see. when it's not busy being yet another bourne identity homage with dire, annoying "shaky cam" visuals, it shows off all the hallmarks of a second rate daytime soap opera in terms of lensing.the "plot" is threadbare, the characterizations are about as well developed as rejected beetle bailey comic strip ideas and the dialogue - on the instances where the film gives up on being "minimalist" and for no apparent reason turns one or two soldiers into right chatterboxes - is some of the worst ever recorded. in fairness, the actors do the best they can in the circumstances, just not enough to obscure how bad the project is.the whole film has the feel of it being intended as some kind of "mockumentary" that they clocked was bereft of humour and thus re-edited as best they could so as to pass it off as a serious drama.if you spend two hours on this film they are two hours you will never get back, and two hours wasted that you will regret for the rest of your life.

i stopped five minutes in when beowulf was given a double-shot, automatic crossbow with sights on it. not only do crossbows not have telescoping sights, but beowulf beat grendel in hand-to-hand combat. the terrible, wooden acting and eternal darkness that plagues all sci-fi original movies didn't help either. having only gotten a few minutes in before i felt my bile rise and decided to watch i love lucy reruns instead, that's really about all i have to say. but, you might as well just realize that it's a made-for-tv movie and skip it right there.a travesty.

oh my, this was the worst reunion movie i have ever seen. (that is saying a lot.) i am ashamed of watching.what happened in the script meetings? "ooooooh, i know! let's have two stud muffins fall madly in love with the most-annoying-character-since-cousin-oliver." "yeah, that'll be cool!"even for sitcoms, this was the most implausible plot since ron popeil starting spray painting bald men.

i'm both amused and disgusted by the people who claim that this movie is so accurate about vietnam, and were never there. this movie is about as true about the whole vietnam war as the rodney king beating is true about all police officers. yes, bad things do (and did) happen, but in general the people there are just like you and me. they have morals, they are not killing machines, they do not all do drugs. atrocities were the exception in vietnam, not the rule. they happened far more infrequently than the "hype" would lead you believe. oliver stone has a knack for making movies that show the vietnam war as this brutal bloodbath, but are based as much in reality as star wars. if you honestly believe the stereotypes of vietnam, do yourself a favour and learn the truth. fact: the viet cong and nva did far worse things to the south vietnamese than any soldier in the us armed forces ever did. fact: the soldiers in world war ii treated the enemy far worse in general than the soldiers in vietnam did, and they were welcomed when they came home. the fine americans who served this country in vietnam deserve our respect; though the war was badly fought from a political standpoint, no one could have asked for more from our soldiers, and it is a great disservice to assert that this kind of "mostly true" fiction is the way things really were there.

platoon is to the vietnam war as rocky iv is to heavyweight championship boxing. oliver stone's story of the experience of a us army platoon in vietnam in 1968 is so overdone it's laughable. while most or all of the occurrences in platoon did occur over the 10+ year span of us military involvement in vietnam, to portray these things happening to one small group of men in such a short time frame (weeks) gives a horribly skewed picture of the war. in platoon, the men of the platoon see all of the following in the course of a week or two: us soldiers murdering civilians, us soldiers raping civilians, a us sergeant murdering another us sergeant, a us private murdering a us staff sergeant, us soldiers killed/wounded by friendly fire, 90%+ killed or wounded in the platoon. for stone to try to pass this film off as the typical experience of a us soldier in vietnam is a disgrace. two vietnam war films i would recommend are we were soldiers (the true story of arguably the worst battle for us soldiers in vietnam) and hbo's a bright shining lie.

i read one other review that expressed the view that platoon was a never ending cycle of marines killing people, being killed, taking drugs and talking trash.i don't agree with that because the film actually had more to it, but it a way, i can see what this person is trying to say: this had no real plot - which is a point i agree with.it is self-indulgent stone at his best. he really wanted to show, not only how war leads to death, but also how it is extremely traumatic on those who survive. unfortunately, the film seems to over "glorify" this aspect and the grand finale is just way too champagne, grand-standing, oscar-hunting "let's create an enduring image" for my liking.the problem i have with stone and other film-makers of his ilk is that they fail to understand this simply concept: depicting the terribly bloody deadly waste that war is does not prove or even reflect on whether it was an unjust or immoral war. we have seen the same thing emerge at the moment with iraq. in case you're missing the point, let me put it to you bluntly: if you saw how truly bloody the second world war was and how destructive it was on the lives of the surviving soldiers, would you think it was an unjust war? if that fact alone doesn't convince you that it was an unjust war, then why should depictions of the horrors of vietnam convince you that it was wrong to go to war in that instance. personally, i do not support america's decision to go to war in vietnam, but i certainly don't subscribe to the "this war is wrong because people died and suffered" theory. i don't think that motivations are always wrong by default, just because war in itself is terrible.this says nothing of the fact that the ending or the final big "twist" was a bit stupid. however, this is not stones first oddball departure. wall street was a magnificent film, up until the last 30 minutes or so when it made a dreadful "wrong turn." jfk is probably one of the few films stone did that actually ended very well.but it hardly matters in this one because there was very little plot up until that point of the film to twist around. and this is why i gave it such a low mark. it was virtually story-less and ultimately boring - unless you fell for the manufactured poignancy.

we know that firefighters and rescue workers are heroes: an idée reçue few would challenge. friends and family of these and others who perished in the attacks on the world trade center might well be moved by this vapid play turned film. a sweet, earnest, though tongue-tied fireman recalls what he can of lost colleagues to a benumbed journalist who converts his fragments into a eulogy. they ponder the results. he mumbles some more, she composes another eulogy, etc., etc.the dreadful events that provoked the need for several thousand eulogies is overwhelmingly sad, but this plodding insipid dramatization is distressingly boring.

two years ago at sundance i loved josh kornbluth's directing debut-haiku tunnel. so i was looking forward to his brother (and frequent collaborator) jacob's, the best thief in the world. this is a drama about a seemingly good kid growing up in a lower-class area of new york. the movie is not without its poignant moments. but at times it is as if kornbluth is working way too hard to state the obvious: life can be very difficult for some people. and life isn't fair.more subtle, and more important, is our understanding that despite all of these somewhat abhorrent cultural underpinnings and the anti-social behavior they may spawn, these characters have no shortage of goodness and humanity. we can recoil at their language and their living conditions, but we are cannot discount their intent. and in fact, their struggles to maintain a family under such adversity has a certain nobility that most of us can barely appreciate. kornbluth grew up in this neighborhood, and his compassion for the people is evident throughout.having said all this, the best thief in the world suffers from many painful flaws (including the title). the characters aren't very believable. the writing is uneven. and the plot-line is barely discernible. and for many the most disturbing is that kornbluth uses two young black boys mimicking gangsta rap between scenes. to each his own: but while i don't question the potential realism of this phenomenon, it pains me to see 5-year-old children mf'ing and talking about having sex with a line-up of women. it's unnecessary shock value and is a forced bit of borrowed interest.

***spoilers*** let's start with the "good" of this film--the serviceable acting of cynthia rothrock and richard norton. the rest of the acting is awful (this isn't aided by the atrocious script). the worst culprit is the villain, buntao, the head of an asian crime syndicate (played by frans tumbuan). i was laughing my head off as he was expressing his "fury" over having lost a bunch of money; horrid performance. patrick muldoon isn't much better, and his "it's a hostile takeover" line (that's the remainder of the title of this film) was delivered about as badly as one could do it. there are no other main characters, but no other actor/actress distinguished him/herself in this film. we next come to the plot. this should tell you all you need to know: in the original "rage and honor," cynthia rothrock, who plays chris fairchild, was a teacher in the inner city. now, she's a c.i.a. agent (or was it some other governmental agency--sorry, but this film was so bad that i don't even remember). hmmm...i can imagine what that c.i.a. application process was like. interviewer: what past job experience do you have? chris: i was a teacher. interviewer: okay; you're hired! i only give it a "2" because of some decent acting and a nice plot twist at the end (though we know that tommy (muldoon), the secret villain, will be caught).

very outdated film with awful, cliché-ridden and mawkish dialog and a very poor construction. in addition, cassavetes and falk overact constantly. a pseudo "good movie". it takes no time to discover how catastrophic this intellectual turkey is. the first scene is a total bore, filled with histrionics and hysteric exchanges. the sound is horrible. camera movements are without imagination as is the building of characters. no poetry, no subtle psychology, no interesting shots. the actors smoke constantly and we see ads for beer beverages. very cheap, indeed. (one exception : ned beattie"s nice and simple way of playing the hit man).

(when will i ever learn-?) the ecstatic reviewer on npr made me think this turkey was another citizen kane. please allow me to vent my spleen...i will admit: the setting, presumably new york city, has never been so downright ugly and unappealing. i am reminded that the 70's was a bad decade for men's fashion and automobiles. and all the smoking-! if the plan was to cheapen the characters, it succeeded.for a film to work (at least, in my simple estimation), there has to be at least one sympathetic character. only ned beaty came close, and i could not wait for him to finish off nicky. if a stray shot had struck mikey, well, it may have elicited a shrug of indifference at the most.i can't remember when i detested a film as strongly. i suppose i'm a rube who doesn't dig "art" flicks. oh, well.

if you want to see a movie about two utterly unsympathetic characters, this is the one. the acting is superb, both from john cassavetes as the insane paranoid whom, as the saying goes, they really are out to get, and from peter falk as his lifelong best friend to whom he turns for rescue. big mistake, but since they're both amoral mobsters, and misogynistic bastards to boot, it's hard to decide whom to root for less. only writer/director elaine may could have gotten away with this one. i thought it interesting that in a lengthy interview with producer michael hausman included on the dvd, he disclosed that the two stars had "very different ideas" about the script, that the director was nearly impossible to work with, that the director of photography had impossible demands made of him, that the crew was constantly angry about being made to sit around waiting, and so on. this mood of one big very dysfunctional family comes across clearly on the screen.

this movie is a perfect adaptation of the english flick unfaithful. ashmit plays the role of richard gere, emran that of olivier and malikka the perfect cheating wife role of lane.they have changed the second half of the film to adapt for the indian masses. even then the movie has got the full traces of unfaithful, though it couldn't catch up with the original. it was a cheap soft porn of the bollywood lovers, where mallika showed a lot more skin than anyone dared to show. emran did more roles like this and was even nicknamed the serial killer. in the future if the indian directors plan to remake a english movie then they have to look into the feasibility of the plot with the indian censors. though the film bombed at the box office, the actors got the undue recognition. in future the directors should be a little more careful in remaking a oscar nominated film. all said, this is not a family film, so take the extra caution while watching it at home with family.

anurag basu who co-directed the flop kucch to hai made his debut in this film the film was ahead of it's times in a way though it has a story not to different and it came closest to hawas which released 1 week before and luckily this was better and did a better businessthe movie starts off well, malika's guilt is well shown at the start though the scene with emraan- malika is too crude/vulgarthe scenes between emraan and malika are well handled and the twist in the tale where ashmith confronts emraan is brilliantthe pace moves fast and the viewer is kept on the edge but the second girlfriend track of emraan isn't fully convincingalso the cop track seems half bakedthe finale is too filmy toodirection by anurag basu is good music is a winner, all songs were fab camera-work was stunningemraan played his naughty streak very well, this was the role that gave him stardom and though he kept playing such roles and got annoying in this film he was superb ashmith too was good in his role for once, he did a nice job and one of his only good performance and he looked good too malika was brilliant in her role esp in the second half but her dial delivery was at times not up to the mark sadly rarely she showed such potential in other films raj jhutsi is okay

this movie is bizarre. better put, it's "freakin' weird". i could give you a plot summary, or some hoity toity analysis, but i would consider it a waste of your time. all anybody needs to know about this movie is two young sisters, one incestuous relationship, homicide, post mortem mutilation, and one really disturbing infatuation. at the end of the movie you feel like you need to go take a shower to wash the filth off yourself, but not in a good way like after "pulp fiction" or "fight club". it's like you're a teenager (or high schooler being that i am myself still a teenager)and have just done something you a: wish you hadn't done, and b: hope to the good lord of heaven and earth that your parents never find out about. and nobody likes that. my advise is that rather than defiling your mind and by watching piece of wanton cinematic filth, just go waste your time on something a little less horrible and watch "kazaam"(yes, i would rather watch "kazaam" than "murderous maids", read into it what you want).

awful movie. it's a shame that a few of flanders's top actors and actresses made such a lamentably poor film.there is barely something changed since the first movie and the tv series: same actors, same prototype characters, same scenario (emotional complications, the team under emotional pressure but everything turn out tip-top after a predictable grand finale). another constant fact in the work of jan verheyen is the exaggerated product placement (company logo's on the team's shirt and along side the pitch ok but two times a commercial (by one of the characters) about an internet provider is just over the top.meanwhile, rumour has it about the making of a second series for flanders commercial tv station 'vtm' (coincidental or not, the station where jan verheyen is programmation manager since a few months)to conclude ... and the golden raspberry award for worst foreign movie goes to ... team spirit 2

i don't believe they made this film. completely unnecessary. the first film was okay. but there was no need for a sequel, certainly not after a television series that was already a sequel to the first film. this film feels like a soap-opera. the writing is so bad, it's utterly simple. the jokes don't come across, the acting is flat, it's shot like a soap, it lacks any direction. the first film had a good emotional spine behind it. every character had a little arc. it was very simple then but somehow it worked and i could see the merit of that film. but this time around, there is no cohesive story-line. the characters are dull stereotypes and nothing interesting happens. one good thing: the brazilian boy who plays axel daeseleire's son is pretty well cast. that was their one moment of creative success on this film. i hear they already shot a second television series as a sequel to 'team spirit 2' but please god, don't let them make a third feature installment...

this movie is just plain bad. weak story , weak directing and below average acting. the thing that really irritated me was the blatant advertising - constantly - for a well known internet provider. it is obvious some scenes are written to do just that , advertising. this movie is a slap in the face to anyone who payed money for this.do not watch this, it not worth your time.

this is the worst show. buntch of grown up acting like kids no humor nothing. even sesame street has better humor and more adult than friends "friends" may be the worst thing i've ever seen on television and i've been sitting in front of the tube observing friends" simply does not stack up well to other, contemporary series. it lacks the smartness of "seinfeld" and the wonderful self-ridicule of pomposity that is the hallmark of "frasier". the characters in "friends" seem designed to make them repellant dullards. this incestuous group of neighbors makes my flesh crawl.the unintelligent show is completely without an edge of any sort. the characters are caricatures of caricatures and the writing is sophomoric -- though intentionally so. (it might be interesting to observe a writing session since the writers may have to slave to aim lower than their capabilities so as not to confuse the loyal friends of "friends".)

it is quite simple. friends is a comedy of very basic humour aimed at teenagers and young adults, with unsophisticated sense of humour.it is also painfully obvious that towards the end, they were desperately trying to make it last 10 seasons, most likely so they could say they beat seinfeld's 9 season run. the trouble with this is, seinfeld had 9 amazing seasons with great writing, friends had (and i'm being very generous here) at most 5 or 6 ok seasons and then 4 abysmal seasons.it became a soap opera with recycled humour and recycled character traits that weren't that good so start with, then got worse at the 100th time you saw them. i find it so hard to understand why people rate this so highly. it is truly awful.

i am stunned to discover the amount of fans this show has. haven't said that friends was, at best an 'average' sitcom, and not as great as others have made out. let's face it, if it wasn't for the casting of courtney cox arquette, david schwimmer, matthew perry, lisa kudrow, jennifer aniston and matt le blanc, then who knows whether this show would've lasted as long as it has done. i very much doubt that. although as the series progressed, friends got more progressively predictable, lame and boring that i couldn't care less about the characters- of whom are the most overrated in tv history- or of their plight, nor of who was sleeping with whom. and it went from being funny in the first four seasons to occasionally funny. and even when it had all these a-list hollywood actors from the movie world, i still didn't bother to tune in. the writing in friends became stale that i lost interest in this show from the sixth season onwards and as for the ending, well it was predictable to say the least.what was annoying though was that this lasted for ten seasons, whilst some of my favourite shows lasted for only three, four seasons for instance and were eventually cancelled and taken off the air for good. the show should've came to an immediate halt by the time the cast wanted bigger salaries. in truth, as much as the series waned, it was the show that was bigger than the actors themselves, not the other way round. when it ended in 2004, i was so relieved to see the back of this sitcom. now, there is talk of a friends reunion show coming to our tv screens very soon. and yet, i for one will not be looking forward to it whatsoever.

i have a severe problem with this show, several actually. a simple list will suffice for now, i'll go into more depth later on: superficial characters, a laugh-track and boring humour.if you don't wish to look at the rest of this review and are only reading it so you can feel superior (as if you see anything in this show i didn't) to a frequently irked teen from canada i'll summarize: friends sucks, not only because it is unfunny but because it destroyed the tv audiences for new, good shows (arrested development, dexter etc.). friends is as much to blame for reality tv, "two and a half men" and "the king of queens" as the television executives. now then, on with the review.these characters have no soul, they are exactly the same in every way (outside of gender and hair colour). they react the same way in boring situations and are completely secure in their own bodies. where is the conflict and the humour that comes with it? why isn't rachel storming out on monica after monica starts hanging out with rachel's enemy? why doesn't joey contemplate suicide because nobody seems to take him seriously? oh right, cause he's the dumb one and he's comfortable with that. this is the curse of having perfect characters: lasting conflict and (god forbid) personality becomes an impossibility.the laugh-track is the one thing that should have died out right after it was born. any show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of funny. how can i make such a broad generalization? when a show that claims to be "comedy" requires laughter from someone besides the audience it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it. laughtracks destroy humour by preventing quick comebacks. humour becomes a construct rather than a free flowing entity (see the office, arrested development).this leads to my next point: the humour is boring. there is no way to make a perfect character anything more than slightly humorous (without a laugh-track apparently) simply because our everyday humour comes from recognition of our flaws. so what if monica dated a 17 year old? she immediately recognizes that what she is doing isn't right and breaks up with him. there has to be some sort of conflict rather than an immediate solution. maybe her mother finds out or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him. that would be great, it would be like a custody battle! so now i've provided evidence for my position. many of my friends love this show because they haven't heard of curb your enthusiasm or arrested development, many of my friends hate this show because they recently started watching curb your enthusiasm or arrested development. i have watched very little of "friends" in my life, but i have watched enough to spot huge flaws that make the show, in my opinion, completely unwatchable. if you've read this far, thank you, and i hope you at least start watching some of the shows i have mentioned.

tv does influence society...just look at the surge in popularity of cappucino shops after this shallow little piece of work debuted. besides, real people who look as good as these people do don't have any problems.besides, does anyone really believe that these people can afford to live in a nice manhattan loft considering what they do for a living? nbc just loves to insult the viewer's intelligence, even if they're just around gump's level. i know a person who makes $100,000 a year as a web designer and lives in a tiny one-bedroom apartment in manhattan that costs $2200 a month in rent. i'd like to see a show called phriends, where it's six ugly nobodies in dead-end jobs, living in a crummy neighborhood where sirens constantly wail and someone gets mugged every week...and then the landlord jacks up the rent. now that i would watch.

i can't even believe that this show lasted as long as it did. i guess it's all part of the dumbing down of america. personally, like david spade said, i liked this show better when it went by its original title - "seinfeld". what bothers me the most about this show, aside from the obvious, base sense of "humor", and general smuttiness, is the pretentious way the episodes are titled. truly great shows are still funny after many, repeated viewings, like, "the one where rob gets accidentally hypnotized", on the "dick van dyke show", or "the one where lucy and ethel work at the candy factory." in other words, it's an honor bestowed upon great programs by the viewers. that the writers and producers of "friends" would have the unmitigated hubris to actually title the episodes, themselves, in such a fashion, before anyone's even had a chance to even see it a second time, speaks to not only the mediocrity and lack of original thinking on the part of said writers, but, also, of the stultified minds of their viewers.you read the comments of some of these people and can only come to the conclusion that they live in a hallmark card-like neverland, full of greeting card sentiment. the true meaning of friendship? i want to be a friend? i want to live in manhattan? wake up. these people are supposed to be working in coffee shops and looking for work as actors, but they somehow manage to live in $4000/mo. apartments? get real. all i have to say to those amongst us that want to move to manhattan and live the idyllic new york life with your rosses and monicas, good luck with all of that. that new york doesn't exist for anyone making less than a serious six-figure income. but, good luck with all of that, anyway. now, shut-up and pass the soma.

and a self-admitted one to boot. at one point the doctor's assistant refers to himself as igor.working with the increasingly plausible idea that computers could be used to replace or reconstruct brain functions, this movie doesn't spend enough time exploring the premise. most of the screen time is split between girlfriend-in-a-coma domestic strife and chasing down the brain donor's killer. it attempts to be a sci-fi/drama/thriller but fails to deliver on any of the three.as a frankenstein remake this one is missing everything that made the original good. nobody calls the doctor insane or even threatens to kick him out of the hospital. the transformation scene consists of a coma victim opening one eye and the amazing computer that makes it happen isn't even shown. when the experiment works there is no praise, and when it starts going wrong there is little reaction.any suspense over who the killer might be is shattered by progressively showing him in the same room with all of the possible suspects. finding the killer is as easy as opening one file and interviewing one person.san francisco as a setting is both overplayed and underused. the opening sequence hammers home the point that this is happening in sf, a cable car plays a significant role, the leads live in a hilltop victorian, pier 39 makes an appearance, and the final showdown happens at golden gate park. more specifically along ten feet of cliff side at the park - just enough to keep the bridge in the picture at all times. once the obvious scenery bases are rounded no other attempt is made to explore the city.the acting is the only saving grace here. keir dullea shows a good range and pulls off a couple of genuinely emotional scenes. suzanna love portrays recovery from a coma well. tony curtis only gets a handful of lines and twice as many evil guy stares with most of the frankenscience explained away by his assistant. the little blond kid hits his cues fairly well also.i also gave it one extra star for the scene where the husband drives south from the bridge, it cuts to a u-turn in an unrelated parking lot, and then he's instantly back on the bridge driving north. it takes a whole lot of something - bravery, ignorance, deadlines - to try and slip that one by the viewer during the one single car chase.

the teasers for tree of palme try to pass it off as a sort of allegory for a fairy tale with actual meaning, then immediately start raving about the animation. i should have known what that meant.the main character, palme, is a good example of the whole movie's problem. one minute, palme is a humble hero in search of himself, the next a violent psycho with an unhealthy fixation on a girl he once took care of.like all of the characters in the movie, palme is poorly defined. you do not bond with the characters at all, although shatta has acquired a couple of fan girls. it seems that the writer was more interested in cramming all the drama and complexity he could into this movie than actually exploring his characters' motivations and personalities.new, useless story lines were being introduced in the last fifteen minutes of the movie. the writer seriously needed to streamline his story. perhaps he was trying to be epic, but it was simply too much information for a two-hour movie. however i can't help but wonder if a plot with so many dimensions and characters would have been better suited for a tv series or graphic novel.in the last five minutes of the movie, i simply could not endure the sheer lack of quality any longer and began laughing at how contrived the characters, the relationships, and the whole plot was. i touched my companion and he started cracking up too, as did a young man seated behind us. we tried so hard to control ourselves, but we simply could not take the terrible quality of this movie.on the bright side, the animation is incredible and viewers will find themselves admiring the lush backgrounds and charming character designs. the animation almost guides you; when you don't care about the characters, it tells you how to feel.

for a lot of time i was looking forward to see this movie, here in latinamerica japanese or any oriental movies have no distribution in theaters, we can find some of those movies in some underground stores, and i just found avalon, i was expecting something good, but the only good thing in this movie is the first scene, the rest of the movie is boring and senseless, just plain stupid, with a lot of useless scenes, and a boring story. i am wasting my time even writing about this film. sorry but is the truth.

'blue desert' may have had the potential to be even a half-way plausible and more enjoyable thriller had the main character, lisa roberts (courtney cox) not been so stupid. when she is the victim of another attack on the streets of new york, comic book artist roberts moves to a small town out west. in her first days there, she meets the suspiciously crazy randall atkins (craig sheffer, playing this part well) who will eventually not leave her side. fearing for her safety after having been in the situation already twice before, she strikes up a friendship and relationship with the suspiciously amicable town cop, steve smith (d.b. sweeny, who's character does not seem convincing enough, leaving disbelief among viewers who should otherwise be convinced of the red herrings thrown by the writers). smith needs roberts cooperation because, as he tells her, atkins is an ex-con and guilty of sexual assault. but, the cops have lacked the evidence to put him away before.the movie had enough ploys to at least make an interesting movie because soon enough, there is such confusion as to whom roberts should trust. however, much of the intended suspense appears too forced because roberts character never seems to react to simple things as we think any reasonable person might. and her delayed responses allow much of that suspense to occur to easily and unconvincingly, particularly in the finale. perhaps sweeny was the wrong choice for this role; too baby faced in ways that kind of recall kevin anderson's persona evident in his character in 'sleeping with the enemy.' or, if lisa roberts was written as a stronger character, this might suffice as well. in the meantime, the film is not all that great, even as a low-budget b-thriller.

there is an awful lot wrong with this picture, beginning with a script that is both obvious and redundant. courtney cox plays a comic book artist who escapes to a small desert town after being raped twice in the big city. she immediately is stalked by a local who appears quite unhinged (craig sheffer), and who seems to be attempting a third rate mickey rourke imitation. d.b. sweeny is a local cop, who is supposedly there to protect and serve. meanwhile, the script manipulates the audience as to who's really the good guy? logic flies out the window after the first ten minutes and never returns, and there are more unanswered questions than there should be. if you think "blue desert" might be saved by the wonderful philip baker hall, you will be disappointed. his part is insignificant, just like the entire movie. - merk

this movie is about a female rape victim/comic book writer from new york that decides to get away from all that awful big city glamor and move to a dirty, run down small town where she finds refuge in a single-wide trailer on a dirt lot in the middle of 12th and nowhere. the townspeople are mentally ill, yet so is she for inviting crazy men into her trailer. annoying is the fact that she has the ability to do exactly the right thing to place herself in dangerous circumstance after dangerous circumstance. db sweeney's performance was high school at best. he's one of those kinda-cute young actors with a sweet grin. unfortunately career has not been kind and mother nature has been right in tow. to the previous commentator stating that the acting was "so real", well i agree. actually it wasn't acting. the two main characters really are pathetic, weak and incapable of making mature, healthy decisions. in brief, this movie sucks like no other, rent it to laugh at it. the real crime scene? the atrocious wood paneling in the trailer - enough to make me commit murder. and lastly, she's a artist/writer, so couldn't she afford a double-wide trailer and something other than a sun-yellow chevy chevette for love of god!

i got the dvd from the library in the expectation of getting a good idea of how things go on in the background at a major opera production. i have to say, i was very disappointed. the subject had so much potential. the sets in a wagnerian production must, of necessity, be elaborate and impressive and the story behind their creation and use could have been an excellent educational experience. instead, what we get it a hodgepodge of clips of people moving around big items of scenery, vaguely help together with a commentary which failed to hold my attention. i found myself listening primarily to the background clips of music from operas. i was impressed by the sheer enormity of the effort required to put on such a production - that did come across fairly well and next time i am at the opera i am sure i will remember that part if this video - but was left feeling somewhat cheated by the lack of detailed commentary and explanation.

i thought this was a great idea but, boy, was it poorly executed. we do get a broad sense of how complex and challenging the backstage operations of a show are, but virtually no specifics about any of it works. the producers don't seem to have found any way to tell a story or give the viewer a "through-line." (which is not to say they didn't try, but having the stagehands relate a synopsis of the ring cycle as the program's narrative does nothing to tell us about the job of physically mounting an opera.)we see lots of things happening, but are told little about what it is that the people are doing and why. there's little sense of who is who, or how the various production departments fit and work together. for instance, several times we hear about a problem of some sort -- one expects then to see the problem and its consequences and/or how it gets resolved. but instead the filmmakers generally just cut to something else (generally, pretty generic footage of people pushing stuff or talking into headsets.) overall the film ends up feeling more like a pastiche of images that you'd see run under the closing credits of a show, rather than anything worth watching for its own merit.

the worst movie in the history of cinema. i don't know if it was trying to be funny or sad, poignant or droll, but the end result was unwatchable. everyone from key grip, to robin williams, and back down to best boy should be ashamed to be a part of this film!

bad movie. it´s too complicated for young children and too childish for grown-ups. i just saw it because i´m a robin williams fan and i was very disappointed.(

this is the only movie i have ever walked out on. bad acting-- bad plot-- bad casting-- bad directing-- bad cinematography-- if they had set out to make a bad picture they couldn't have done a better job. i hope they are proud of his turkey. i'm surprised anyone associated with this film was ever hired again in hollywood. don't waste your time!

if you are planning to rent or buy this movie don't. it's the worst thing i have ever seen. i would comment on it more but it has been 10 years since i saw it and have blanked all of it from my mind. save yourself some time money and well being and stay far far away.

"laughter is a state of mind" says the tag, and i hesitate to comment on barry levinson's. what could he have been thinking during the making of "toys"? when he watched the rushes, did he see a successful, funny fantasy? if so, then he's working on a different plane than i. this is an excruciating picture, one in which the production design is 90% of the thing (and even the cartoon colors are a disappointment). robin williams and (most especially) joan cusack are humiliated as brother and sister of a toy mogul who are bypassed as inheritors of the factory when their dad dies. there's nothing remotely funny (satirical or slapstick-wise) on display here. it is uniformly draggy, ugly, and one of the very worst "big" movies ever made. no stars from ****

one of the many vigilante epics that flooded the market by the mid-80s. the routine plot has echoes of "the magnificent seven" (believe it or not), the action scenes are lamely handled and the special effects are non-existent. you could do worse....but the film is still just a waste of time. (*1/2)

becky harris plays the female shopper whose misfortune it is to be in the store at the wrong time and obviously only purpose to be in this film is to supply a reason to wear out remote controls! miss harris seems to me to be in her fifties or older when she first comes on the scene. once the red haired thug is done with her it becomes apparent that this is no aarp queen. if these are not some of the finest assets ever displayed on celluloid, i want someone to clue me in. absolutely breathtaking in my opinion and i literally wore out my vhs copy capturing her charms. i would like to know if this movie is available on dvd.the rest of this movie really is not worthy of mention. i was hoping to see something fairly convincing and intelligent, however i was disappointed on both counts. god bless becky harris!

pretty awful but watchable and entertaining. it's the same old story (if you've lived through the 80s). vietnam vets fight together as buddies against injustice back in the states. a-team meets death wish, my favorite!time goes on, the soldiers go home, and years later a friend is in trouble. no, wait -- in fact, the friend is dead and it is his dad that's in trouble. our first hero, joey, is killed by an exceedingly horrifying (super pointy) meat tenderizer as he tries to defend his father's small store from the local "protection" gang despite being wheelchair bound from the war. desperate for help, the father talks to sarge, the leader of joey's old unit from vietnam, when sarge shows up for the funeral.well, the squeaky wheel gets the grease, and the old gang saddles up for the city. you can pretty much imagine most of the rest of the movie.the one thing that drove me crazy is that sarge keeps haranguing his men about planning, and about how they're really good at what they do when they plan ahead. but joey wouldn't have been put in a wheelchair by a gunshot in vietnam in the first place if the unit hadn't been messing around! then when things are going really well in the city as they battle the gangs, they do it again. for no reason at all, they completely bypass their plan and try to nail the gang without everyone being present. phh!!!! i raise my hands in disgust. foolishness!there is also a suspicious moment when all present members of the unit make sure to try out the heroin they snatch from the gang to make sure it's real. every single one of them. hmm....what are you going to do? keep watching, i guess. the movie isn't too horrible to watch, but it is a tease. there are all these climactic moments when nothing actually winds up happening. the most dramatic things that happen are those at the beginning of the movie -- the explosives in vietnam, joey's death battle, and the gang brutally kicking an innocent teddy bear aside (poor teddy!).i guess my main beef with this movie is that i feel let down by it. even the confusing subplots with "mystery helpers" and their bizarrely cross-purpose motives wasn't enough to save it at the end. but someday maybe it'll all come right and they'll make a sequel. ha ha ha ha!!!

this is a strange sex comedy because there`s very little comedy but a whole lot of sex , most of which takes place in the back of a car and is so graphic it makes basic instinct look like an edition of teletubbies . i kid you not , the sex in this film is so in your face it might just choke you , especially if you`re watching with your grandparents .as for the rest of rita , sue and bob too there`s not much else worth mentioning except the language where every single sentence seems to contain the f word . this a rather bleak hyper-realist british film made at a time when channel 4 was the main investor in british movies which explains its made for television low budget feel

i can just about understand why some people might wish to stress this film's link with the eighties but i really wouldn't say it's an accurate depiction of most peoples' lives in that era - even on the poorest bradford estates. it is however typical of the blunt agitprop rubbish the dear old royal court theatre was churning out at that time. plenty of 'right-on' artistry for small, small audiences but enough well-connected backslapping to ensure future commissions for turgid playrights. ithe simple fact is that if you want to reflect upon truer common experience you'll find millions more nodding in knowing agreement to love and live as depicted in 'gregory's girl'. i would be tempted to call this a 'kitchen sink' drama but that would be doing a great disservice to the plumbing industry. however, as far as having a decent script is concerned, this film is indeed all washed up. for some reason it has accrued an odd following amongst guardian reading film-goers - i can only assume they get a visual frisson out of pretending to slum it. steer clear my friends. it is a poor film with a poor script that likes to think it is breaking boundaries by adding humorous insights into grim life on the estates. it isn't..but it is grim. do the washing up instead.

my friends and i saw this film about a week ago and i feel it absolutely necessary to tell all the world (or at least those who will read this) that this movie is not only on the top five worst movies i have ever seen but actually has the honor of being the number one. i have seen quite a lot of films but none beats this one in being stupid. you could say i suffered watching it ... my only excuse is that we were waiting for a few hours and weren't able to go anywhere else without freezing our buttocks off. i do not recommend this to anyone. at first i thought we were watching some really bad porn movie but figured out after 10 minutes that is not the case. it is not a comedy, it is not drama, it is not action, it is not horror, it is just horrible!

one of, if not the worst film to come out of britain in the 80s. this tawdry tale of a middle aged lecher who 'seduces' two teenage scrubbers who babysit for him and his faux-posh wife has nothing to redeem it.in turns gratuitous, puerile, uncouth and unrealistic, this film plumbs the depths as it fails miserably in its attempts to be funny, provocative, intellectual and controversial. perhaps the worst thing about this film is the way the strong cast of george costigan, michelle holmes and siobhan finneran are completely stitched by such a lame script. it's no surprise that this was the late andrea dunbar's only work to make it onto the screen. complete and utter rubbish on every level.

i can't believe that in the 34 prior comments, nobody mentioned that this film is a blatant rip-off of born yesterday. a man is hired to bring an ostensibly dumb blonde up to the requirements of a gangster. hired gun and blonde fall in love and live happily ever after. gangster is left in the lurch. but born yesterday was an intelligent treatment whereas this is just so much fluff. technicolor transfer to dvd is deplorable. natalie kalmus would be rolling over in her grave. check out the paperboy. recognize him? but, it's historically interesting to see the roots of rock 'n roll. also interesting is ewell's introduction to cinemascope, a new format at the time.

vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. with the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. personally, i found actor who played vovochka too annoying to sympathize with, however the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. this struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor i meant. all in all, i did not really care for this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.

the reviewer from poland must be a feminist, for she finds "young catherine" to be a great film and historically accurate. nothing could be further from the truth. as a practicing russian historian for many, many years i took exception with yc at almost every turn, and in particular the politically correct depiction of her as the boss who single-handed moved russia into a direction of dominance. the truth? she was only brought to st.petersburg to be a wife and mother, and found she had to "bond" with the dvoriane, the boyars, and the military just to survive. so long as she did not challenge them she was able/ permitted to indulge her cultural wishes (filling up the hermitage with art treasures, etc.). there are so many proofs that she was not "great," but in this area of post-modern revisionism proof is not very popular. yc is only a costume drama, a bit of fluff from ted turner that, like "peter the great" in 1986, is one more example of how badly russia is portrayed in the west.

"smithereens" is the kind of worthless flick which just hangs out among the cable channels taking up space like a cheesy dime novel in the public library. a worthless bit of tripe and first effort for mediocre director seidelman, the film is fraught with bad acting, bad sound, bad camera work, and poor quality in all aspects of the film. many better films never make it to market and why junk flicks like this one do and never seem to go away is one of life's great mysteries. (d-)

a rating of "1" does not begin to express how dull, depressing and relentlessly bad this movie is.

this was yet another big screen outing for a us tv show from the sixties it is amusing enough but was very much to formula. intelligent martian lands on earth and meets the not too bright humans, in his view.the usual wackiness ensues with the human, bridges, eventually bonds with him and helps him to get home. along the way he also gets the girl, hannah.this is a nice outing for some pleasant hollywood stars who i had not seen for a while.pleasant enough to pass some spare time if you have not got anything better to view.

tim (gary daniels) wants desperately to break into serious television reporting. when a job he begged for goes awry, he is fired. his beautiful but empty girlfriend (elizabeth hurley) says sayonara, too. coming home, tim is startled to discover his house has an uninvited visitor (christopher lloyd) from the planet mars! calling him uncle martin, tim soon tries to help his new friend navigate life on earth. but, martin gets in trouble wherever he goes, from the bathroom to the laundry room and more. lovely lizzie (daryl hannah) finally sees an opportunity to make time with tim but the course of true love does not run smooth in this case, either. soon everyone in television is stalking tim, hoping for a story about a true alien. what's a man to do? for those who loved the old television show of the same name, with bill bixby and ray walston, this film is not worthy to tie the proverbial boots. its truly, undeniably awful, with no plot and a reliance on supposed special effects which fall flat, too. daniels is okay as the earthling but lloyd is simply terrible as the alien, overacting up a storm. the rest of the cast is adequate, as are the costumes, set, and production details. even if your children see the cover and beg for this film, convince them to pick out another flick at the video store. be assured, kids and adults will find this movie a colossal bore, so opt for a night at the museum or around the world in 80 days instead.

when i was a kid in the 50's and 60's anything connected with disney was by definition great. what happened? they are able to get any actors and actresses they want, the best of their time. but somehow disney manages to screw things up in spite of their abundant resources.disney can afford the best writers, the best producers and directors, but still...they screw things up! this movie is crap. the sad thing is that i suspect disney in their arrogance does not even know when a movie is good or bad.it is only due to the talent of the actors that i can even give it a 3 of 10.

rodney dangerfield isn't the main character of this movie. he's barely in it. most of the screen time is dominated by unfunny jokes. one running gag is that a character is named jerk off. there are also lots of erection jokes, where the punch line is someone has an erection. this movie is as funny as kirstie ally's british accent is convincing.this movie started off like a weak action movie: five minutes of back story and then bam! unfunny jokes. but, aside from the terrible writing, the movie is also poorly directed and the acting is terrible. also, this movie does the old bad comedy cliché of having lots of well-known b-movie actors. harland williams, gilbert godfried, randy quaid, and phil la mar. these are just some of the people that spend more time on the screen than rodney, even though he's billed as the main character. don't be surprised to find this movie at a drug store selling for five bucks. even that is too much.

i must agree with the very first comment: this movie sucks very, very hard. despite having a very big b-list cast, the cover of this film (for those who aren't watching it on comedy central during a weekday which is probably the only exposure this film will ever get) tries to put the blame on dangerfield but in reality is just a paycheck for every has-been comedian from the '80s. randy quaid? check. ed begley, jr? check. the voice of lisa simpson? she can now say that maximum overdrive wasn't her only horrible flick: double check. and so many, many others.the saddest thing about this flick is that it was so lazily written with already-told jokes. nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny. you're better off watching paint dry. this is definitely direct-to-video scraping-the-bottom-of-the-barrel stuff that still believes in the old video adage: throw an old-time star on the cover and you'll get some money back off of the rental. considering the days of video rental are changing, consider this one of the last examples of putting out garbage.the only use this movie has if you're having trouble falling asleep. it'll get you there.

put a dvd of this flick in a time capsule, and it will definitely illustrate for future generations a perfect example of one which warrants the minimal rating on a 1-to-10-star scale.bill cosby and ray romano have been at the top - in ratings and with tens of millions in earnings annually - with their television series'. yet each has had no success in big-screen offerings. this has also been true for other tv personalities - perhaps because many of the stories which are presented for two hours or so seem more suited to either a 10-minute skit, or at most, the 22 or 23 minutes of drama during a half-hour program.this film, however, doesn't have one single element which would warrant two or three minutes of time on mad tv, snl, or anywhere else on a screen or stage.its origination date is listed as 2002, but release date - to dvd only - is shown as 2004. it also was filmed not long before rodney dangerfield's death, so its one redeeming value is that it probably provided at lease a few hundred thousand more dollars for his heirs.i'd never heard of it, but found it when turning-on my set, and frankly became fascinated by it. some movies are so truly awful that they rate a sort of top rating in reverse - so bad that you can move the dial backwards to a 9 or 10. "plan 9 from outer space" is the best example - and the bruce jenner/village people opus, "can't stop the music," is another.unfortunately this flick falls short even there. even if rodney's earlier work (as well as some of his fellow cast-members') fell short of "citizen kane" or "casablanca," there were many moments of humor and a story providing at least a modicum of interest.unfortunately, this presentation doesn't seem to possess even a minute or two's worth of such material.

i've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death, that album, if it's not his best, is usually prolific in some way and worthy of a listen at least. the album is usually good enough to cement a legacy. however, when it comes to comedians, especially mainstream comics who star in their own vehicles, their final movie is usually god awful. john belushi had "neighbors", john candy had "wagon's east", chris farley had "almost heroes", phil hartman had "small soldiers", and rodney dangerfield had this movie."back by midnight", although it may not have been dangerfield's very last film, is weak in every sense of the word. it wrapped filming in 2002 according to this website, and it's safe to say that it would have stayed on the shelves if dangerfield was still alive. i have been a big fan of dangerfield's since i was in my early teens, and it pains me to see how rotten this film was.what amazes me the most is that a number of other talented people took part in a movie with a very weak premise to begin with. dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his comic persona on film, is a prison warden who houses a close knit group of inmates. when the owner of the prison, colonel-tom-parker-meets-sam-walton billionaire eli rockwood (randy quaid), cuts funding for the prison, the warden sends a group of inmates to break out of prison, rob rockwood's eponymous convenience stores of consumer goods, and break back into prison with the loot. by taking what's in the convenience stores, they are (i guess) taking what they believe rockwood owes them.with this flimsy premise, the movie sputters and stalls frequently. on top of that, the jokes that you think would be this movie's salvation are not even close to funny, not even from mr. no respect himself. that is incredibly disappointing too, because you'd expect a movie with oscar-nominated (!!!) randy quaid, kirstie alley, gilbert gottfried, ed begley jr., yeardley smith, and others to be at least a little bit funny. instead, quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless other comedies, alley plays a british heiress with an awful british accent (could this movie not afford an actual british person!?!), and every joke was poorly set up and poorly timed by virtually every member of this ensemble. it was just not a good comedy in any sense of the word."back by midnight" was rated r mainly for language (and one scene of nudity). the irony in this fact is that many of the jokes are so audience insulting that even kids (if you edit out the language) would walk out of this film. the physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when alley's pet monkey torments quaid's character. when the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on quaid's couch, who wouldn't know where that gag was going?being a direct-to-video comedy, of course i didn't expect any oscar-winning material on here. the truth is, though, dangerfield has made some great, timeless comedies before. "easy money" and "back to school" are hilarious still, and were definitely not oscar-worthy in the slightest. however, there's a difference between making a dumb comedy that's funny, and making a dumb comedy. with the latter kind of comedy, it seems like the filmmakers don't even try, which is precisely the case with this lame excuse for a wasted 90 minutes. rest in peace, rodney, but add this film to your batch of forgettable comedies like "meet wally sparks" (1997) and "the godson" (1999). this film, dare i say it, is not even worth seeing.

i don't know about you, but what i love about tom and jerry cartoons is the (often violent) interaction between the two characters. mouse in manhattan sees jerry leaving tom behind to have an adventure in new york, and as far as i am concerned, this one definitely suffers from a lack of cat!as magical as jerry's exploration of the 'big apple' might be for the other t&j fans who have commented here on imdb, i couldn't wait for this self-indulgent rubbish to end, so i could watch the next cartoon on my dvd.in fact, the only part of the whole episode that i genuinely enjoyed was when jerry almost 'buys the farm', hanging precariously off the end of a broken candle, hundreds of feet above a busy road.

there's a lot of good that can be said for this cartoon; the backgrounds are rich, lushly colored and full of nicely done art deco details. the animation is up to the usual studio standards of the time, which are unquestionably higher than those of the present day. however, i find it tedious for a number of reasons.the music: it's definitely not up to scott bradley's usual standards. although it's probably supposed to be evocative of a "great gatsby" setting, it ends up being dreary, sleepy, repetitious and monotonous (repetitious and monotonous are not the same, as beethoven's 5th symphony attests). since most people (including me) tend to close their eyes when they yawn, there's a lot of the visual part of the cartoon that will be missed by the average viewer.the storyline: i'm not giving away any secrets that aren't already in the plot summary - country good, city bad. this is a common theme in films, both animated and live, from this era. it's a misplaced nostalgia for a nonexistent rural idyll, which, in the present day, is reflected in a similar nostalgia for "values" that never were.

i am uncertain what to make of this misshapen 2007 dramedy. attempting to be a new millennium cross-hybrid between on golden pond and the prince of tides, this film ends up being an erratic mess shifting so mercurially between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always seems off. the main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between garry marshall's sentimental direction and mark andrus' dark, rather confusing screenplay. the story focuses on the unraveling relationship between mother lilly and daughter rachel, who have driven all the way from san francisco to small-town hull, idaho where grandmother georgia lives. the idea is for lilly to leave rachel for the summer under georgia's taskmaster jurisdiction replete with her draconian rules since the young 17-year old has become an incorrigible hellion.the set-up is clear enough, but the characters are made to shift quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the contrived contours of the storyline. it veers haphazardly through issues of alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until it settles into its pat resolution. the three actresses at the center redeem some of the dramatic convolutions but to varying degrees. probably due to her off-screen reputation and her scratchy smoker's voice, lindsay lohan makes rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable, although she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give a reason for her hedonistic behavior. felicity huffman is forced to play lilly on two strident notes - as a petulant, resentful daughter to a mother who never got close to her and as an angry, alcoholic mother who starts to recognize her own accountability in her daughter's state of mind. she does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never add up to a flesh-and-blood human being.at close to seventy, jane fonda looks great, even as weather-beaten as she is here, and has the star presence to get away with the cartoon-like dimensions of the flinty georgia. the problem i have with fonda's casting is that the legendary actress deserves far more than a series of one-liners and maternal stares. between this and 2005's execrable monster-in-law, it does make one wonder if her best work is behind her. it should come as no surprise that the actresses' male counterparts are completely overshadowed. garrett hedlund looks a little too surfer-dude as the naïve harlan, a devout mormon whose sudden love for rachel could delay his two-year missionary stint. cary elwes plays on a familiar suspicious note as lilly's husband, an unfortunate case where predictable casting appears to telegraph the movie's ending.there is also the omnipresent dermot mulroney in the morose triple-play role of the wounded widower, lilly's former flame and rachel's new boss as town veterinarian dr. simon ward. laurie metcalf has a barely-there role as simon's sister paula, while marshall regular hector elizondo and songsmith paul williams show up in cameos. some of andrus' dialogue is plain awful and the wavering seriocomic tone never settles on anything that feels right. there are several small extras with the 2007 dvd, none all too exciting. marshall provides a commentary track that has plenty of his trademark laconic humor. there are several deleted scenes, including three variations on the ending, and a gag reel. a seven-minute making-of featurette is included, as well as the original theatrical trailer, a six-minute short spotlighting the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to marshall.

i'm only rating this film as a 3 out of pity because it attempts to be worthwhile. i love to praise a great movie and i'm not biased toward "male" movies. legally blonde was an excellent film. georgia rule on the other hand, was a disorganized, weak, poorly written, unrealistic example of movie making at its worst. by the end of the film i didn't care who was lying or if anything was resolved. the most important thing in a film is a good story. this story is weak and never develops (just because the subject matter is deep, doesn't mean the story is good). a good story has dynamic characters. a dynamic character is one that experiences a major character change, and is primed for that change over the course of the movie. in georgia rule, the character changes were abrupt and undeveloped. secondly, there were too many attempted dynamic characters. pulling off a really good dynamic character is a tough job and takes time (you've only got a couple hours in a movie). that means that too many attempted dynamic characters will get too little attention to their personal change. even if i ignore the poorly written story, and the litter of weak dynamic characters, i can't even say i liked anyone. every character was a mess. that's fine if your're writing american beauty but not when you're attempting a dramatic comedy. georgia was a horrible mother, her daughter was a horrible mother and daughter, and lohan was a horrible excuse for a human being (no i'm not cutting her any slack because she was molested, crap happens to everyone and we're all responsible for our own actions). the "dudley do right" mormon kid should have had the guts not to compromise his religion and commitments...and simon, i mean seriously, what kind of guy lets a 17 year old girl who's been molested just stay over occasionally (unless he's an actor or a politician). this movie is worth watching if you want to remind yourself what good movie making is not!

i haven't seen this, & don't plan to see this movie or any other that includes lindsay......unless & until "poor little rich girl" straightens out her life for a 2 year period beginning with her most recent arrest in july 2007.in fact, i don't know anyone that has gone to see any of lindsay's recent movies. i rather imagine 2007 will be the high water mark in her movie making career, until she cleans up her act. all of the recent publicity has only hindered her movie making career, if she has any further aspirations to make any more movies up to this time, movie producers have actively sought lindsay for roles in their upcoming production. now, lindsay will probably have to go to auditions & actually compete for any role. her reputation is currently "poison" & quite possible could have a negative effect on box office ticket sales on any movie she is in.sooooo....now lindsay is going to have to deal with "not being wanted".....is she going to be able to handle this?i wonder if even jay leno will want to have lindsay back on his tv show?all of the foregoing is merely my opinion. i have no inside information.

okay, so the previews to this film only tells you that a rebellious young girl goes to live with her grandmother for the summer in order to straighten out. that is actually not the case! it's about a young rebellious 17 year old girl who reveals a secret and it's up to her mother to believe if she's telling the truth or not.to be honest, i really enjoyed the concept of this movie. they had a really good plot and a really good theme of a love/hate relationship between mother and daughter. i did not however, enjoyed watching lindsay lohan's acting. in reality, this movie would have been great if they had someone else, perhaps a better actress. the character of rachel (lohan) is a very sexually aggressive person and it sort of reminds us of the real lindsay so it takes away a lot from the film.i do however, think that if you put lindsay aside, you will enjoy this film. the ending is pretty great (and sad).

this movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. it is an extreme tragedy. it left me sick to my stomach. i hated it. i think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. i would not have seen this movie if i would have known. i think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie. i am tired of it. i really wanted to have a fun comedy and i am extremely disappointed. it has been several days now and i still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie. i have never been more disappointed in a movie, nor have i ever written a comment on a bad movie. i really think that true deception was involved in this trailer because if they showed the true intention of the movie, no one would have seen it.

i just came from seeing this movie and decided to see what others thought of it. i'm left wondering if these people who give glowing reviews saw the same film! this is potentially a very good story, but it fails to hit the mark. the script is very weak - the plot has so many holes that it would make a great dip net for the fishing scenes. the characters were not well developed and the storyline jumps around so much that i found myself asking the question "how did we get here?" at least a half dozen times during the movie.there was a lack of any chemistry between the cast members. this is probably related to lindsay lohan's antics during the filming. it was pretty clear that everyone showed up and did their job, but didn't commit to their roles.this is not a movie worth seeing...go for a walk, play a board game, take a nice warm bath and save your money for something that's worth it!

i have been searching for the right words to describe this film. at first i was inclined to simply skip to more significant matters, as the film does not rise to a level deserving comment.yet, i stopped, puzzled as to how to describe such stuff and somewhat intrigued by the challenge presented by the question: "what can one say about such a film?" rubbish? no, its not rubbish, rubbish can be recycled into something useful. greenhouse gas? no, its not greenhouse gas, greenhouse gases help plants grow large and healthy.finally, i struck on "not even bad," a rework of the phrase "not even wrong" used sometimes in theoretical physics to describe a theory that is hopelessly flawed and not even worthy of correction. that's it then, georgia rule: not even bad.

georgia rule has got to be one of - if not the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. the whole movie has a very surreal feel that made me gasp, "what?" out loud at least 7-10 times throughout its grueling two hour course.advertised in its trailer as a movie about three generations of women - jane fonda as the matriarch, felicity huffman as her daughter, and lindsay lohan as the rebellious, over- sexed, scantily clad grand-daughter, the viewer thinks this will be a cliché, light, chick-flick about growing up and coming together as a family.talk about false advertisement at it worst.after many shots of animals doing "funny" things in the background of "pivotal" scenes and not to mention a whole five minutes focusing on an old woman who comes into a doctor's office weekly to have her diaper changed, or the fact that this movie is actually about lindsay lohan's character being sexually abused by her step-father, georgia rule creates its own genre of cinema : the ungrounded, horribly acted, inappropriate comedy dealing with extremely serious issues in the most awkward, surreal, strange way. if garry marshall wanted this movie to be a drama/comedy, then he should have watched the royal tenenbaums. sideways. junebug. and so on. and so on.the only way i feel i can get a reader to understand the horrific genre that georgia rule falls under is to create a hypothetical situation. say that the movie, the 40 year old virgin, was about the main character being celibate because he was sexually molested as a child. but instead of having the movie take a more dramatic turn, belly laughs and comedy would ensue, with all of the characters' reactions being that of fake, lifeless, human beings pretending to care. throw in a yellow parakeet, dermot mulroney as the flattest, most non-dimensional character that could have been cut completely out of this poorly written script, along with a male character who throws away all of his religious beliefs and morals to be with a trashy, too-tanned girl who shares none of the same interests as he, as well as an an unnecessary car chase scene, unreal moments of characters trying to relate to each other, and you've got georgia rule.i found this movie to be an insult to any of those people out there who are struggling filmmakers, screenwriters, actors, editors, etc..who have a lot more talent and aren't getting noticed.don't see this movie : my rule. and if you must, get sufficiently drunk before hand.

i disliked this movie for numerous reasons. within the first ten minutes of the film, i grew extremely disappointed and came to the conclusion that if this movie was going to salvage itself, for me at least, that it was going to have to pull itself out of the enormous hole it had dug. unfortunately, that did not occur. the two draws of the movie for me were to see jane fonda and felicity huffman. i don't know enough about lindsey lohan's work to have been interested in what she would bring to the film. afterward, i just felt disappointed in and for all three of them even though there were "moments" in each of their performances. i imagine that for each of them to find their "moments" was a very difficult task given the fact that there was an amazing lack of character development and uninspired dialog. although the plot is an interesting one, the movie on the whole is so poorly written, directed and edited that anybody's performance as an actor would suffer and be tainted by it. the disrespectful way in which it dealt with sexual abuse and the trite and insulting viewpoint of small-town america, i think, were the two main reasons why this film failed in hitting it's mark. as one reviewer has noted and i would agree, the movie is almost impossible to market given it's finished form. i suspect that, or at least hope that (for the actor's sakes anyway) there are some real gems on the cutting room floor. sad for us but if that's true then the actors can take solace in that and feel somewhat good about lending their talents and time to such a flop. oh yeah and another thing...i wished for just once i could go see an american movie which included the sadly disappearing but wonderfully bucolic settings such as the one in this film where the main characters weren't absentmindedly and/or disrespectfully littering the country side with pop cans, smashed cds and, other such trash!

the problem with family dramas is that, outside of tv movies on channels like lifetime, most people don't want to watch them. and the ones that do get watched tend to be sensationalized and about current or topical problems or issues in the news (or recent news). movies that explain or explore the human condition aren't popular. particularly with the young crowd that would be miss lohan's fan base or the younger crowd that tends to make movies not simply popular but financially successful for studios.the specific problems i had with this movie is the cartoonishness of some of the characterizations. it was a bit much to blame all of the lohan's character's acting-out (wrecking the car, drug use, etc.) on what her step-father did to her. while not improbable,it's just a bit much to expect the audience to swallow. additionally, other aspects, such as her giving the young morman boy, oral sex, or that she would actually make a good assistant to the vet, who coincidentally happens to have a thing for her mother, etc., all these elements just did not really help this movie along. it placed it more in the element of a situation comedy trying one of their "special dramatic episodes" then it did for a fully realized, well-written feature film.when you watch the dvd and listen to the commentary, particularly for the various alternate endings, you can really see all of this is sharp focus.

knowing how old a film is, ought to prepare the viewer for a few things, and, with those things in mind, perhaps the movie'll be more tolerable. so it was when i watched revolt of the zombies. the heavy reliance on tedious dialogue and corny movements should be expected, as should the primitiveness (or absence) of special effects in those days. a great deal is asked from the imagination of the onlooker - maybe too much, in this case. and the plot isn't easy to follow: some zombiefied southeast asian soldiers in wwi performed very admirably. although skeptical as to why, if true, the explanation should stay out of the wrong hands, so, off goes a group to archaeologically investigate. the key to long-distance hypnosis is learned by a member of the expedition, who uses it to, among other purposes, temporarily dispense with the beau of the gal for whom he has the hots. to prove his love for her, he gives up his hold on everybody, which he shouldn't have done 'cause, once they're all unzombiefied, many want to kill him so that he'll never control them again. below average, even with precautionary forethought. recommended for only the extremely patient.

this movie was fantastic great movie all through scary as hell. and i mean it freaked me out as much as pulse and it and the omen etc. but with a great movie comes a crap ending right? right! this movies ending was pathetic stuff. i mean a ghost turned back time in a chicks house and it thinks now i have done that it means i can call her and itll be the right time cause she thinks it is. right? wrong. my ass! i don't care if the ghost is satan, it just doesn't happen. its a movie yes but most evil movies or praised movies like this are meant to make sense but it didn't. it just showed us what i just said and people don't think anything of it. can someone please tell me why you all haven't noticed that pathetic part. the movie for me ended in the hospital and that is all. check out number 3 its much more kick ass

how many centuries will pass until the japanese/asian horror films abandon the long-haired ghost-woman shtick? admittedly, they've managed to rip off "ringu" a million times, and often it worked well - which just goes to show that originality isn't that much of a requirement in the horror genre (or that i'm very uncritical and easy to please?). however, this time around i found myself a little restless, somewhat bored. it's not a bad film, but it's at least half-an-hour longer than it should be, with its absurd 110 minutes length. compared to many other japanese horror films, omc lacks atmosphere and excitement. plus, the ending is confusing: it makes no sense at all. as for the ring-tone: miike could have come up with a melody that is more effective than that forgettable little thing. even though it was played a dozen times i can't even remember it - that's how scary it was. speaking of miike, for him this is something of a commercial venture, so if anyone thinks they might be getting perversion of the "bijita q" or "audition" kind, they're wasting their time.

is miike like chabrol, alternating art with dreck, sometimes confusing the two? does he match the fifty/fifty rate some claim for chabrol? do we see here too much or too little miike? i don't know. i don't know. i don't know. but i could easily fill ten lines just citing chakushin ari's (one missed call's) steals, allusions, and clichés. others here will hit on most of them, though not perhaps ochiai's saimin (hypnosis) for the sleazy telecast taunting things supernatural. only once, when yumi takes the zombie-like mother in her arms, did one missed call startle me a little.one other point of interest: renji ishibashi (looks like christopher walken) as the detective. ishibashi in audition's abusive back story, and as dead or alive's boss aoki of the vat of excrement drowning and more, may be the most convincingly evil character actor i've ever seen. so here he's a cop.

one missed call, another asian horror based on the cell phone. i recently rented a korean horror film based on a cell phone called "pon". one missed call was just as boring as that one. maybe phones just aren't scary or something, but this move was dull and drab. no tension or thrills for me, and the final monster was disappointingly cheesy and unscary. the movie dragged quite a bit in different parts, and felt too long. didn't keep my attention. it seems phones are hard to make frightening, it's kind of like trying to make a pop vending machine eerie. and it is ridiculous to compare this with "the ring", it seems every asian horror movie is compared to it and so far i haven't seen any that measure up in the least. to horror directors - take the phone off the hook as a horror device.

this movie was bad. this movie was horrible. the acting was bad. the setting was unrealistic. the story was absurd: a comet that appears once in eons is set to appear one night. most of the world's population decided to watch this comet. then, the next morning everyone but a select few of people has been turned to dust from the comet's radiation. people's clothes are still intact, there are plants which are still alive, but the people were turned to dust. no bones, nothing. thats ridiculous. how can radiation incinerate people but leave their clothes and other biological substances intact?even better, the comet mutated some people into zombie flesh eating monsters. their makeup would not have even looked frightening to a newborn child. the insane clown posse scare me more...and they're supposed to look stupid.then there were the survivors. people who had been surrounded by steel when the comet passed were spared from zombie-dom and death. how can steel block a comet's radiation that supposedly incinerates people in their tracks?equally insulting is the 60's horror music playing in the background through parts of the movie, or the 80's hair rock which serves no purpose in the film and makes you want to shoot your television.the stupidest part of the movie, however, are the characters it focuses on: two valley girls and chakotay from star trek: voyager. these three characters were totally unrealistic. who would go looting the day after an apocalypse with flesh eating mutants running everywhere? there were four 5 minute horror scenes in the entire movie, and most of them were dreams. in between these scenes is unsophisticated dialog which makes south park seem intelligent. the silence in between the elementary dialog was painful. i could have made a better movie with four monkeys and a bag of cheetos. don't see this movie, ever.

night of the comet starts as the world prepares for a once in a lifetime event, the passing of a 65 million plus year old comet. instead of watching the light show regina belmont (catherine mary stewart) decides to spend the night with cinema projectionist larry dupree (michael bowen) in his booth... they awake the next morning & as larry attempts to leave the cinema he is attacked & killed by a zombie, the same zombie attacks regina but she manages to escape where upon she discovers that almost everyone on the entire planet has been turned into red dust. almost everyone because by some amazing coincidence the only other person to survive happens to be her sister samantha (kelli maroney), they desperately search for more survivors & meet up with a long distance trucker named hector gomez (robert beltran). meanwhile an evil bunch of scientists need human blood to develop a serum to save themselves from turning into dust & they're on the look out for unwilling donors...written & directed by thom eberhardt i found night of the comet a pretty rubbish viewing experience, i'm surprised at the amount of positive comments on imdb about it because i just thought it was boring crap that never lived up to it's potential. the script starts off 100 miles an hour with the obliteration of the entire population of earth & a zombie attack but then it goes absolutely nowhere & then eventually introduces the sinister blood stealing scientists towards the end of the film because by that time the slim story has run it's course. there are plot holes too, if these scientists want blood why shoot the three or four gang members & save the two sisters when the guys would have provided more blood for their experiments, killing them just seemed a totally bizarre & an almost suicidal thing to do considering they need blood to develop a cure, it just doesn't make sense i mean if your going to die & you need to experiment on human blood would rather have five or six donors providing blood or just two? i'm not having the fact that the two sisters survived independently of each other, i mean what are the odds on that? when hector confronts the female scientist for the first time she never mentions samantha or where she was or where the underground facility was where they took regina before she committed suicide so how did hector know these things? i also thought after the first twenty odd minutes the film slows down to a snails pace & became incredibly boring & dull to watch, after hearing so many good things about it night of the comet comes across to me as nothing more than an overrated boring piece of crap.director eberhardt does a really good job, i liked the look of the film with it's red tinted sky & he manages to create a really cool atmosphere of isolation. unfortunately there are far too many shots of empty streets, there are constant montage's of empty streets, deserted roads & abandoned buildings & it gets extremely repetitive & dull. ok we get it there's no one else about so there's no need to keep ramming it down our throats by constantly showing roads without cars on them. the zombies are totally wasted, there are two zombie attacks in the entire film & that's two individual zombies as well although there are a couple of effective nightmare scenes. night of the comet pays homage, or rips-off whichever you prefer, several other much better films including the obligatory end of the world shopping spree in a mall lifted from dawn of the dead (1978). forget about any blood or gore as there isn't any.technically night of the comet is pretty good, the special effects are decent enough & the production crew were obviously very good at closing streets off. the acting was alright expect for maroney as samantha the air-head blonde who became highly irritating.night of the comet was a big disappointment for me, i had hoped for so much more. persoanlly i found this film dull, boring, uneventful & the puke inducing sequence where the sisters go shopping to the tune of 'girls just wanna have fun' is probably the worst moment in the film. really bad & i just don't get why so many people like this, i'm sure i'll get slaughtered for saying it so let the abuse begin i can take it...

this was the only time i ever walked out on a movie. years later, i saw it in the cable listings and thought, "maybe i should give it another try." suffice to say that i was right the first time. this ranks second only to godzilla 1998 as the worst movie i've ever seen.

that's a problem i have with movies that come on television, when there is nothing else to watch. i somehow get sucked into really bad movies.but this one was fairly watchable. the concept of being the only ones left on earth after a comet, then finding out zombies are around makes me laugh. and that's why i gave this movie a 2, instead of 1. the story was stupid...but in that way that makes you laugh (too stupid >funny).i think i only watched it because the guy from star trek was the lead. i was surprised to see him as a younger guy...and he was the only funny character anyway.

richard pryor's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow. in his stand up,he jokes about it getting great laughs. it seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose. the toy is about the lamest he ever chose,aside from i guess another you.a movie where a white man buys his son a black man? nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing. it's seeing richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end. i wanted to see pryor get even with this brat,instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum! at least gleason had his moments. ignore this and watch pryor with gene wilder or any of his '70s stuff. this is a waste of any movie watcher's time!

one: richard pryor and jackie gleason, two great comics turned into saps for a bratty kid. they've both sold themselves out in this one, worse than pryor's character. two: horrible, overly sentimental script that could have been used in a harold lloyd movie its so cliched. three: choice of a black actor as the toy; the racial subtext of this is unbearable, as its never addressed. there's no message here, pryor's part could have been played by any comedic actor. four: that kid...i wish i could go back in time and prevent him from ever acting...that would mean movies like this one and kid co. might not have been made...and my childhood would have been free of their mind-warping power. so if you want to watch a couple of great comics defile themselves in a sickly sweet kiddie flick, go ahead. if you want to see them in something good, see pryor's old standup act and gleason in something better, like the honeymooners.

the comedic might of pryor and gleason couldn't save this dog from the tissue-thin plot, weak script, dismal acting, and laughable continuity in editing this mess together. it has a very few memorable moments, but the well dries up quickly. as a kid i remember this as a luke-warm vehicle for the two actor-comedians, but there was always something strange about the flow and feeling of what was being conveyed in each scene and how this ties to the plot overall. watching it again after many years, it screams schlock-a-mania. i'm not so concerned with the racial controversy, as i wouldn't mind seeing a movie take that issue on with a little levity. the most obvious fault to me is that the scenes are laid out like a jumbled, non-related series of 2 minute situation comedy bits (any not very good ones at that), that were stapled together by the editor after an all-nighter at the local watering hole. characters change feelings and motivations on a dime, without rhyme nor reason, between scenes and within scenes, making this feel as though no one had any idea of what to get out of the screenplay. not that it was any gem to start with. i feel bad for the two actors whose legacy is marred by this disaster that should never have been made. maybe my sense of humor has become too refined...

can i do it 'till i need glasses? at the very least proves the point that anyone can make a movie. talent is not a consideration. the folks who unleashed this wretched pile of spewing vomit upon the world, lack any semblance of talent, taste or intelligence. the target audience must consist of the recently labotimized, and infants who play with their own feces. anyone else would be far too world wise to get even a snicker out of this film. it consists of a series of sophmoric skits in which the punchline does not even extend to the obvious. it ends at the ludicrous. the jokes told are the types of jokes that elementary school children tell (usually potty or sexually related) where they don't know the meaning of all of the terms they use. you know, like the one about daddy's car and mommy's garage. to apply any sterner method of criticism would be pointless, since the usual standards of acting, writing, direction and such have never even been heard of by the creative "minds." behind this mess. not to be judgemental, but anyone who enjoyed this film should seriously reflect upon their purpose on this earth.

when i saw this movie, circa 1979, it became the first movie that i ever walked out of in the middle. there is nothing worse than comedy that just misses being funny, and this misses every time (although i can't speak for the last 25 minutes of the movie). there was nothing original about any of the skits. while i enjoy racy humor where appropriate, these skits were needlessly vulgar. what was even more irritating was that this movie was advertised as "robin william's first movie", capitalizing on his new found fame in the "mork and mindy" television series. yet his role turned out to be so minor that you cannot even notice him on-screen.

....as to the level of wit on which this comedy operates. barely even reaching feature length, "can i do it....'till i need glasses" is a collection of (mostly) dirty jokes. many of them are so short that you can't believe it when you realize that that was supposed to be the punchline (example: the santa claus gag); others are so long that you can't believe it when you realize that they needed so much time to set up that punchline (example: the students' awards gag). and nearly all are directed without any artistry. don't get me wrong: about 1 every 10 jokes actually manages to be funny (the iron / phone one is probably my favorite). there is also some wonderful full-frontal nudity that proves, yet again, that the female body, especially in its natural form, is the best thing on this planet (there is some comedic male nudity as well). and i agree with others that the intentionally stupid title song is actually pretty damn catchy! but none of those reasons are enough to give this film anything more than * out of 4.

spoilers... if such a thing is possible... . . . . . . . as a rabid robin williams fan, i felt it necessary to buy this film as first on-screen appearance. wow... i could not imagine a more mind-numbing movie. essentially, the movie takes one bad joke after another that your uncle artie would tell you after dinner and dramatizes them. robin williams plays a lawyer in a 30 sec skit.i'm all for bawdy humor, but this humor wasn't pleasantly vulgar, or ribald... it was just mind-numbing. there are no redeeming qualities to this film, other than robin williams fanatics, like me, who simply have to own every piece of film.

no real plot to this one, just a series of short skits acting out some very old jokes. i chuckled once or twice in the beginning, much to my chagrin. but even at only 73 minutes this film wears out it's welcome before too long and becomes stale and tedious (with some nudity sprinkled in here and there to keep you awake). still as bad as this movie is (and that's pretty putrid), it's a comedic gem compared to pretty much anything by aaron seltzer & jason friedberg (date movie, epic movie, meet the spartans) also the song is sadly kind of catchy in a sad way.eye candy: 11 pair of tits, 3 bushes, 3 asses my grade: d code red dvd extras: original trailer for this film; and trailers for "beyond the door", "dead pit", "the farmer", "obsessed ones", "power play", "sole survivor", & "wacky taxi"

an update of the skits and jokes you would have seen on a burlesque stage in the first half of the 20th century. it's a string of several jokes acted out. some of them you could tell your grandmother, some of them not, but it's a fairly safe bet she's heard them all before. for what it tries to be, it's not too bad. before you rent it, remember that it's an older style of entertainment and has more value as history than as comedy or titillation. robin williams has a couple of bits, but he's interchangeable with the other players.

i watched this film for 45 minutes and counted 9 mullets. that's a mullet every 5 minutes. seriously though, this film is living proof that formula works. if it ain't broke, it don't need fixin. a streetwise-yet-vulnerable heroine, a hardened ex-cop martial arts master with a heart of gold and a serial killer with 'issues'. pure magic.

the films of upa are surprisingly well rated on imdb despite the fact that the animation quality is light-years behind that of looney toons, disney and mgm at their prime. sadly, due to rising costs in making pretty cartoons with high frame-rates and lovely backgrounds, the upa style (which debuted about 1950) began to dominate in the late 50s and 60s. after all, the films were dirt cheap to make and they'd received several oscars to "prove" that the cartoons were now mainstream. so as a result, lousy animation was becoming the norm and this trend wasn't reversed until the 1980s.this upa film is one of the early ones. the characters are very simply drawn (any simpler and they would have used stick figures) and the backgrounds were ugly--simple line drawings with colors added in a very slap-dash manner (often with a sponge and rarely completely filling the items).as for the story, it's a jive story with a strong jazz style attitude. some will love this, others will just find it very, very loud. it's the traditional "frankie and johnny" story and because of the shootings and all, it's probably not a great film for the kids. heck, because of the animation and jazz, it's not a particularly good film for me, either! some will read my review and no doubt think i am a crank (which i am, to a degree). however, i love animated films and a little of this minimalistic upa style goes a very, very long way and you can't seriously consider them great works of art--just very, very quickly made cartoons. ignore the oscars and try watching some classic cartoons or something--anything else!

i just saw this movie yesterday...i cannot believe the reviews on this site. the ones that give it over one-star must be buffy fanatics. well, i am a buffy fan of the first order, but i know crap when i see it. on every level, this film is terrible. technically, much of the time you don't know where you are in this movie, even within one scene, it jumps pov like crazy for no reason. no logic whatsoever in cinematic terms. emotionally is bleak for bleak's sake and attempts to be a psychological thriller when it is just confusing. throwing nasty-looking red-necks in your movie is a cheap way to convey "atmosphere". i ran out of patience with it a long time before the last act, but i was having too much fun with my friends doing mst3k riffs to turn it off. since leaving buffy, smg has had 2 successful movies, if even listing "scooby doo" on your resume could count. gellar is a fine actress, but she (or her agent) sure can't find a vehicle for her. and mr. shepard, if you are having trouble paying your mortgage, i'll send you a few bucks if you promise to not appear in a movie like this again! ( also, the estate of patsy cline should sue for defamation! )

i think a round of applause is in order for whoever pieced together the trailer for rogue pictures' latest release, 'the return'. i myself, along with everyone else have been duped into believing it is in fact a horror film. on the contrary though, its actually a supernatural thriller. too bad it is not the least bit thrilling.'the return' stars sarah michelle gellar as joanna mills, a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of eleven. it was at that age that she began having haunting visions depicting the murder of a woman whom she has never met. while in texas on a business trip, she is led by these visions to the murdered woman's hometown, la salle. there she comes face to face with another person who has frequently appeared in her visions. a man by the name of terry stahl, who is played by peter o'brien. joanna is now on a desperate search for answers. a search that could in the end result in her very own murder.i really don't know where to begin here folks. which should i mention first? the atrocious acting, hideous directing, or the terribly bland story? no matter which one i choose my point behind each is the same: they simply suck. adam sussman's screenplay is downright moronic. its not interesting. its not compelling. its just plain unpleasant. i kept waiting for something to jumpstart the "film" (i've placed quotations around film because i don't believe 'the return' deserves to be called an actual film due to it's foulness.) and at least give it some slight chance of hope, but nothing ever happened. i was left out in an unbearable cold to freeze. not even stellar performances from the actors themselves could have saved this disaster. of course they probably knew this having read the script then agreeing to do the "film". i assume this is why the acting was so awful. at least that's what i'm choosing to believe. i really hope the cast doesn't pride themselves on their performances. they need immediate medical attention if they do.now the directing was unmistakably bad, but i can't quite crucify asif kapadia entirely. (well i could, but i won't since i'm such a nice guy.) i look at 'the return' as a test for kapadia because for all of you that don't know, this is his first full-length feature "film". he's just getting his foot in the door and still learning. next time around, well if there is a next time, hopefully he will have improved vastly. the only thing he was able to accomplish here was almost completely duplicating the visual style of marcus nispel's 2003 re-make of 'the texas chainsaw massacre'. now that's nice the "film" was given that, but unfortunately he still won't be receiving any kudos from me for that. copying someone else's work isn't something i consider to be praise worthy. (even if it is from a film i very much enjoyed.)i think jim sonzero's american re-make of 'pulse' will now have to fork over the title of worst film of the year to 'the return'. it beyond question is deserving of the title in almost every imaginable way. now i don't doubt this will make a small, and i mean very small, profit. no matter what though, it won't surpass or even parallel the fluke success of gellar's previous acting effort, 'the grudge'. on that note, there's one last thing i'd like to add. i can honestly say i had never been embarrassed to have been seen leaving a theater auditorium until seeing 'the return'. that is something i never wish to experience again, along with the "film" itself.

the return is one of those movies for that niche group of people who like movies that bore and confuse them at the same time. sarah michelle gellar plays a lame buisnesswoman who does not kill vampires or get naked at all throughout the movie. i was willing to put up with this, however i was not willing to put up with the worst editing ever combined with pointless flashbacks. at the end it turns out she crashes her car into herself when she was young. or maybe i'm wrong and that was just a flashback. with this movie it's impossible to tell. can you believe the same dude who made army of darkness produced this crap? a much better idea is to stay at home and watch army of darkness on sci fi channel. that movie had it all: sluts, zombies and a dude with a chainsaw for an arm. the forgotten didn't even have one of these things.

i just got back from the film and i'm completely appalled. this movie is an absolute mockery to all of mankind. the theatre i was in maybe had 4 other people. this movie was recommended to me and i couldn't believe that this person liked it. i can't believe that any sane human would like it. there was no plot no plot at all. it was a joke. how can you make a movie about nothing. this movie only goes to show why hollywood is in such a shambles. i can only just look at the spiral of the "horror movie" industry and giggle. what a travesty to all filmaking, this is true of all the new "teen horror flicks" grudge,boogeyman,ring,saw series. it is all such trash. don't support this kind of hogwash!

my friends and i went into this movie not knowing what to expect, but hoping for the best. when we came out, we were only slightly more informed on what the plot of the movie actually was. though not the worst movie i've ever seen, i definitely do not recommend spending your money to see it in theaters. maybe have a friend rent it for you (it's not even worth the rental cost, either) if you really want to see it.when a movie is so convoluted that you have no idea what's going on until the last five minutes, there's really not much that can be said in its defense. the acting was decent, more than you'd expect to get from this movie, and some of the shots were good, but it was all bogged down by a lame plot and poor script.this movie was actually so bad that as soon as it got out, i went and purchased a ticket to see a good movie just to cleanse my mind. i recommend that all of you just skip the first step and go see a good movie instead.

this is by the far worst piece of cr4p i've ever seen in my life. it barely made sense. it wasn't scary at all (unless you class scary as loud noises and screaming?) sarah-michelle gellar needs to stop with these sh1tty horror films. i think everyone else in the cinema agreed with me when i shouted "shite" when the credits rolled up. on my list of the worst movies ever made this is how it would go:1. the return 2. cabin fever 3. silent hillthe reason i made silent hill 3rd is because it showed some frightening scenes, but the rest was absolute cr4p. same with cabin fever, made no sense, but the return topped that list. its worse than silent hill and cabin fever put together

this was far and away the worst movie i've ever seen in my entire life. it was slow, boring, not scary, not funny, not dramatic, not entertaining.sarah michelle gellar was up to her old playbook of empty expressions of fright and shock. she couldn't sell her character nor could anyone else in the picture.for those who thought the grudge was 'kind of alright' then don't go see this unless you get enjoyment out of wasting your time and your life.i saw this movie for free by the way so i don't want this to come across as a rant from a guy that lost 8 bucks on a terrible movie. it was free, it still sucked, i hated it.avoid.

some not-so-spoily spoilers aheadwhy do people, when they are disoriented or sick or scared at a club, cut through the middle of the crowded dance floor on their way to the bathroom? who in their right mind would hide under a bed when someone breaks into their room? how often do you knock on a stranger's door and when they don't immediately answer, you open the door, walk in, shout a few hello's and then start going through their stuff? if you were being pursued by someone you just discovered was a murderer, what would you do? quietly sneak off and hide under a wooden platform or among metal implements? run, quietly of course, to a ratty old barn or other decrepit structure? i could be talking about almost any thriller that's come out in the last few years, but since this is the "the return" page, obviously i'm talking about "the return." i saw it free because i work at a movie theater and make a point of screening all the "scary" movies. i thought this one was tolerable... aside from the well-worn clichés. sarah michelle gellar is really drab and looks kind of "huh?" through most of the film. the details of the plot are slowly given out as the movie progresses and it's almost enough to make it interesting except there wasn't enough explanation as it moved on and so i was almost lost until the last 2/3 of it.if you're a die-hard thriller fan, it's worth seeing at least once. if there's nothing better at the theater and you really want to watch a movie, eh, i guess it's worth a matinée ticket. if you thought the trailer made it look like an interesting movie and you can't wait... wait.

how do comments like the one that was the headline by high school girls even make it on this site, this was the stupidest movie i have ever seen, it was ridiculous, how can any moron sit there and say that just because a movie makes you jump it is a good movie, that might be the most idiotic thing i have ever heard, i could sneak up behind you and go "boo" and it would make you jump, but that does not mean i am qualified to write or direct a movie, not to mention "they tied everything together at the end" is not a good reason for a movie to be well received. what kind of movie would it be if they didn't tie everything together, i guess that would make it half a movie, not a whole movie. so basically this idiot girl is complimenting them for finishing the movie, well i love how the youth of today hold the media and production companies to such a high standard. no wonder the political system of this country can get away with whatever they want, we have idiots like that coming up in our country, what would happen if this girl actually ends up leading something someday, that is a scary thought. get a life and go watch a real movie sometime, try shawshank redemption or on the waterfront, or something like that, and don't comment that it was "boring" after you see it, just use what little brain god gave you to analyze it a little.

let me start off by saying i am not a fan of horror movies. i never watch them.let me tell you about my experience...the only reason i watched this movie was because my girlfriend and her friends wanted to see it over happy feet....i never saw happy feet, but i am sure it is better than this...movie? anyway, we didn't actually expect it to be good...we actually went in just to laugh at it. cool with me...i have a problem with ruining the movie for other people in the theater but since it was just other couples talking and making out, it did not matter.after 15 minutes the 2 other people left to go sneak into borat, a movie i would have gladly seen again over this. the movie was not scary, and not stupid so it would be funny...it was just boring. it wasn't terrible like "baby genuises" terrible, it was terrible like...not entertaining at all. avoid.now i am no expert, but it seems the problem with the horror industry these days is that you can have a pg-13 horror that is boring and not scary, or you can have an r gruesome horror movie that either is too bloody or too disgusting for people.you want a pg-13 horror that sucks but is funny? see "the grudge." avoid this movie like the plague...because it may literally bore you to death.0/10

think of the ending of the grudge 2 with the following :- a man who repeatedly says the word sunshine - a cowboy - a love story - sarah michelle gellar cutting herself - and a creepy mirroroh and underwater sea animals...yay...not a good movie... i seriously did not enjoy it whatsoever. the poster for the movie is extremely misleading as well and i found that it was just to suck people into watching it...i can't believe i went. save your time and money...go watch saw iii...a film where the writing makes you feel like there was effort put into it...im mike and im out

ok i will admit, it started out very pleasing and good, but then it just dropped downhill, i cannot believe sarah michelle gellar could have even finished reading the script after about 5 minutes into the movie, the only reason i actually sat through the whole movie, was i wanted to see the twist at the ned, and to my surprise, well, folks i cannot even tell you if there ven was one, because the end just leaves you confused, and then the credit role, i was like what the hell? this did not deserve a theater run, i am sorry, but it didn't i mean it was horrible, the only reaso i gave it a 4 is because it had a few jumpy parts...thats it! you can watch it, im not telling you not to, hey you might even like it or even love it! but if you hate it, don't say i didn't warn you!

i am amazed with some of the reviews of this film. the only place that seems to tell the truth is rottentomatoes.com. this film is awful. the plot is extremely lazy. it is not scary either. people out there who think that because it stars sarah michelle geller it is somehow like the grudge should forget about it. this film is more like dark water, except it is even more predictable and slow moving than it. i was extremely disappointed with this film. it didn't scare me nor interest me either. let's face it , this type of plot has been flogged to death at this stage e.g. the dead trying to contact the living - dragonfly, what lies beneath, ghost story, dark water, darkness, the changeling etc.etc. it seems to me that the only ones writing original horror films nowadays are the japanese and the koreans. the films that are coming out of hollywood, like this, are cynical exercises in money making without a shred of respect for the viewer. they're just being churned out

"i just viewed this movie last night and i don't think i will ever think the same about any of the actors involved, because this movie will stick in the back of my mind."the above statement can be thought of as a good or a bad thing. i mean every time i see tom cruise or demi moore in a movie, i think of "a few good men" which is a good thing. now, every time i see ron perlman or kristy swanson, i will think of "tinseltown" which is a very bad thing.i picked this up thinking that it might be something intelligent or at least make me chuckle and with arye gross and the aforementioned swanson and perlman, i thought that it at least wouldn't be bad. you could tell the movie was made on a budget the size of wheeling, indiana (where? exactly.), but maybe they used every dollar to make a good movie. wrong.this movie is not funny or entertaining in any sense of either word. it is just there and lasts for 84 excruciating slow minutes.the characters are paper-thin. you almost care about none of the characters, and since the leads are two struggling hollywood writers with a dream that is all the two struggling writers with a dream who wrote this need you to know about them. okay, the two real writers know all about there onscreen versions of themselves, so they figure so does the audience. they don't even think about character development, except for trying to tie there story back to "gilligan's island".the plot is unoriginal. two guys live in a storage center, where one of them stores a bed, and there are about twenty other people living there, too. the rest of the story is contrived and stupid. have you seen "national lampoon's favorite deadly sins"? the second story with joe mantegna is about a television writer who can't find a good story to make a tv movie about, so he creates one. now substitute the television writer for a screenwriter, morph mantegna into to annoying actors half his age, and take away the comedy and you have this movie.the actors try. kristy swanson is in the movie for maybe 10 minutes and still gives the best performance in the movie. she is still hot, but it would help if she would actually star in a movie instead of constantly making cameos. as for everyone else, i don't think it was the actors fault because they have bad materialgo watch the national lampoon's movie, but stay away from this movie.

surely no saturday morning tv kids' show was ever done this poorly. after all, those producers had to count on the audience coming back. well, in this awful offering, they could at least count the money they saved on sets. the script could have been a reject from some long-forgotten space opera serial, with a few smarmy lines added for cool-dude gerald mohr to murmur to naura hayden. no director could have done anything decent with such a loony storyline, so the action just plods boringly along. the spaceship props are absurd--a bulova wall clock and portable typewriter, for example--but the planet sets have got to be some of the worst in cinematic history. most are crude drawings, and it's all bathed in an often misfocused red light. even mohr's bare hairy chest is used as a prop. and it's a bad one--as rib-thin as the plot. any viewer who can make it to the end of this movie will hear a message from the martians--and will probably agree completely!

very bad but watchable science fiction film that suffers from abominable special effects, poor acting, and a ridiculous story. the film opens with a spaceship returning from exploration on mars with a woman and a man with green slime on his arm. she, through some hokey plot contrivances, begins to tell what happened on this fateful trip as almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically wiped off. four astronauts take on this journey: a military type played by gerald mohr, a poor man's humphrey bogart who enjoys saying the word "irish" and has the acting savvy of a codfish, then there is naura hayden, a beautiful redhead and only female crew member on flight with three men wearing the most formfitting suits possible to accentuate all her curves, next, les tremaine, a wonderful character actor from cheap sci-fi films like this as the egghead, and last, jack kruschen as sammy - the guy from brooklyn with jokes and doesn't seem too bright although chosen for his expertise in electronics. none of these performers are really any good, and all of them say their dialog with little conviction. watch tremaine as he utters that scientific nonsense! really, the best out of the four is kruschen - and that really says a lot about this film. but bad acting aside, the movie just falls apart when they land on mars via flashback. the angry red planet had a real cheap budget because mars is really the american southwest with a heavy red tint over it. when the story calls for something that might look martian, there are drawings placed with a heavy red tint over them. you can tell they are drawings the monsters are perhaps even worse as we get a bat-rat-spider with a size upwards of 40 feet that looks like some kids got together piecing dead animals together. the other significant creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. whew! these are bad. there is a nice drawing of a martian city, but there just was not enough of this in the film. despite all these big problems, the angry red planet is a fun bad film. it is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. most of the stuff they used in the movie is so outdated. one guy is using an electric razor with a cord and i thought they can get to mars but they are still using cords. director ib melchior gives an interesting look to much of the film even with the budgetary constraints, but the story by him and sid pink doesn't fly. and how bout that ending with the music and the psychedelic colors? groovy man!

it's so sad that romanian audiences are still populated with vulgar and uneducated individuals who relish this kind of cheap and demonstrative shows, as superficial and brutal as the "garcea" series or the "vacanta mare" child-plays... the difference is that mugur mihäescu, doru octavian dumitru and other such sub-artisans never presume to claim their shows as "art". pintilie, who 40 years ago made a very good movie ("duminicä la ora sase") followed by another one, nice enough ("reconstituirea"), tries to declare his film-lenghts "art works" - but, unfortunately, he masters at a way too limited level the specifically cinematographic means of expression. as such, "niki ardelean" offers again a sample of "how not" - this being about its only merit.

a drama at its very core, "anna" displays that genuine truth that all actors age, and sometimes, fade away. anna is a character that believes america is her safety net, her home, and it can do her no wrong  but she refuses to belittle herself to do work she doesn't believe in. she is hard-nosed, optimistic, stubborn, and arrogant when it comes to her life, yet not afraid to let others in, yet drop them at a moments notice. anna flip-flops between personalities, which makes this film ideal of an aging star, but not idea of the viewing audience. "anna" has been praised for its star sally kirkland, and her ability to get "grungy" for the role, but a month into 2008, "anna" does not remain a staple of film culture. it is dated, dull, and formulaically chaotic.director yurek bogayevicz has a message hidden within "anna" about the falsehoods of czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but kirkland refuses to let them upstage her. bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to allow kirkland to stand out, and he is not afraid to lessen the surrounding characters so that when you walk away from the film, it is kirkland you remember. if it isn't obvious, this film didn't sit well with me. from the opening of the first act and deep within the second, "anna" felt like a high school theater production. the characters were non-existent, there was no enlightening pre-story, and there was no definition of time or place. there was sally kirkland, stubbornly saying that she is better than the other actresses vying for the same lifestyle that she wants. randomly she encounters a friend, a young girl that has also traveled a long distance to get to america for the glitz and glamour, and two of them (within the span of 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all walls. it is emotionally boring and unbelievable. again, randomly, we meet anna's boyfriend daniel (played by the weak robert fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character  only to boost the attention onto kirkland's anna. through the course of nearly two hours, we watch as more random acts coupled with unnamed characters intertwine together to feebly create a story that is held together by loose threads  and sally kirkland. arg, it pains me to continue to say this but "anna" could have been a fantastic film had bogayevicz presented equal time between anna, daniel, and krystina, but instead we are forced into a one-sided game where emotional scenes speak louder than plot.is this where charlize theron found inspiration for her beauty-less role in "monster", or halle berry in "monster's ball"? was sally kirkland one of the early actresses discover that by letting themselves go for a character oscar will shine in their direction? throughout this film i was disgusted by kirkland's portrayal of anna, and bogayevicz's lack of excitement for anything else fluent. bogayevicz gives us an anna that doesn't work hard for her parts, doesn't care for others, and is generally mean spirited  yet we are to feel sympathy for her? near the beginning of the film, she forces what she wants to do onto others, and gets upset when she doesn't get her way. sure, aging actresses my have that appeal to them, but kirkland creates a more childish character instead of a mature one. that is where "anna" could have improved. if this was a mature kirkland, i would have gobbled it up, but this stammering childish anna was impossible to believe. while my favorite scene was near the end where anna goes to watch one of her older films playing (included is absurd make-out characters) and the film burns, this scene is also one of my least favorite. anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, creating films and building the dream, yet when anyone else wants to enter that spotlight, she gets jealous and outraged. this didn't make for a character i wanted to stand behind nor win oscars. coupled with the classic 80s background synthesizer, the outrageous over-the top wardrobe, and the displaced ending (where did that come from and what happened??)  "anna" slipped far in the scope of amazing cinema. it was a show-piece, an opportunity for an aging star to yell at the world one more time. in this one it worked, but i don't think i will be fooled again.overall, i cannot say that i was impressed with this film. "anna" is not a film about an aging film star; it is about sally kirkland, and only sally kirkland. bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails either because kirkland will not allow him or he just realizes that there isn't enough to support a full story. there are one or two decent scenes in this film, but nothing that promotes this film as innovative or influential. bogayevicz did not create a character that audiences would believe, tear up for, or dedicate a sunday afternoon with  he created an annoyance. kirkland wasn't anna, she was an actress playing her a bit overdone and crusty on the sides. perhaps i missed the scope of this film, but what makes films like this work is the cooperation of everyone involved. that wasn't the case here. in "anna", kirkland orders daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet during the entire emotional scene, i couldn't help but think that was what kirkland was like to those on the set. she didn't make this into a film, she transformed it into her own production, and because of it "anna" failed. i cannot suggest this to anyone  from one czech to another  skip it! grade: * ½ out of ***** (for that pesky theater scene that creeped me out)

this is one of the weakest soft porn film around. i can't believe somebody wrote this stupid story before making some changes. the guy mike is a major wimp and moron i can't believe he didn't want to take a shower with his bride-to-be toni and be in a threesome with the french photographer jan. he does do a threesome with toni and kristi but that was short i hate that every time in soft core porn films threesomes between a woman, a man, and a woman is short but a girl-girl thing is about an hour. to the makers of these films have the threesomes alot longer this film should've have two threesome scenes not one but two.

ok, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was great or even good is either delusional or knows the director, writer and producers and is trying to boost the buzz on this film. i watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was horrible. i'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie bored me to tears. the reason i'm being so harsh is because this film was clearly a different take on "of mice and men" and they should sue because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story. in an industry where hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film "of mice and men" and destroy it with a new spin bugs me so much. the actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal. i mean if your going to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. did not like this movie at all.

i think this would have been a much better film if the cajuns had been portrayed in a more believable light. my family is from the southeast region of louisiana and i live in southeast texas (about 20 miles from lake charles). i have never heard the people i grew up around talk like these folks did. the cajuns were portrayed as backwards rednecks. most of the cajuns i know are well educated, proud people and don't sound uneducated at all when they talk the way these people did. all in all it was an ok movie, with great scenery and music. i understand that the writers were from lake charles, and have knowledge of the area, but for the love of all things cajun, please have the actors study the language, live amongst the people you are portraying and get an all around understanding of how they are before you go trying to act like them. in my opinion, when the actors make you believe they are that person, it's a much more enjoyable movie!

this is absolutely the worst movie i've seen all year.first, i will say that the acting was very good, and by all of the cast.this was apparently meant to be very offbeat, and in that regard it succeeded. by the same token, the story revolves around a self-centered wannabe, who is a clueless, talentless chronic liar, whose source of self confidence comes from a pair of leather slippers.this was worse than watching a car wreck.

this was a strange kind of film about a low-lifes in new york city and centering around a main character (the title name, played by brad pitt) who thinks he''s a ricky nelson-type musician, except he has no real talent. it's kind of fun to watch until a profane tough new york city-type woman with horrible accent enters the picture and takes over. that ruined the film for me. it must have been catherine keener, who usually plays tough and garbage-mouthed women. the hairdo on pitt - an exaggerated pompadour - was fun to look at. i can picture johnny depp playing this role better. one last note: it odd to hear a film made in 1992 (other than woody allen's) with just mono sound.

i just saw this movie, and i have to say that it was a big waste of time. the girl who played eva (ellen fjaestad) can't act at all. she read her lines very un-naturally, and she had a very un-natural facial expression through the entire movie. rosanna munter who played petra on the other hand, is a natural. she played her part with great perfection.spoilers! the story was simple - we've seen it many, many times before. she breaks up, he finds another, she get jealous, he breaks up with the other girl and they end up back together in the end. there were no surprises at all, one knew that eva would break up, and that adam would "hook up" with petra. the only thing that nobody saw coming was that petra told adam to go after eva at the party. she became all serious, which is a side of petra the viewers hadn't seen earlier in the movie, and told him to win eva's heart back, which was really cute.besides rosanna munter, there isn't a single actor who gives a memorable performance.this is a mediocre movie with mediocre actors, so i don't recommend it!

usually, i don't think hollywood productions are fit to be called film, so i call them 'movies' instead. but this piece of elephant manure, is not even fit to be called a movie, hence the quotes in the title.where shall i start? 1. if this isn't the start of geriatric casting, it sure is the epitome of it. stefanie powers is supposed to play someone even less than half her age, she's supposed to play an 18 year old, and she is forty effing two!!!! 2. a horrible and stupid mindless portrayal of paris and france, where we see cliché characters such as: the sympathetic grumpy shop owner, the bitchy queen of models, the fairy god mother ex-queen of models, etc. this film is surpassed only in this respect by the da vinci code, (which reviewers correctly determined was a comedy). 3. it's highly and utterly ridiculous to have no nudity in a film about a time and a place where nudity was so common place, especially if the whole focus is about that4. the horrible accents!!! 5. the nana mouskouri elevator-music!!!i could go on, but i think this is enough. and i was able to make these observations after watching this crap for just half an hour, while surfing the internet and talking to my friends about math equations ... i mean ...!!!!!i invite everyone to add to my list. :) :p :d

the only redeeming quality of this overlong miscast melodrama is the scenery of southern france and the voice of nana mascouri singing the theme song. stephanie powers is miscast and betrayed by a phony accent. as has been pointed out, she is too old to play an 18 year old and looks far too young as a grandmother with a college age granddaughter? lee remick is good although she also is ageless in her later years. the talented joanna lumley is under utilized and also manages to look forever young when her middle aged son (robert urich) finally marries grandma stephanie powers. stacey keach's ceaseless arrogance makes you wonder what these women saw in him. don't know how any viewer could relate to his excessive portrayal? the most credible performance is given by ian richardson, who makes the rest of the cast look like rank amateurs. it strains credulity that the handsome male suitors in this epic would remain ever single while they patiently await the subject of their affections to finally consent to accept them. can anybody believe that handsome robert urich would remain single for decades waiting for stephanie powers to finally accept his endless marriage proposals? the ww2 engagement between the wehrmacht and the marquis is laughable. to begin with, the germans did not occupy the provence section of france until late in the war, it was controlled by the vichy french puppet government. we see the french resistance staging a daylight raid on mistral's villa to steal sheets after which they all lounge under a bridge waiting for a lumbering truckload of nazi troops to surprise and annihilate them? if you want to see a well acted mini-series set in a foreign country, don't watch mistral's daughter. a far better alternative would be the thorn birds.

this gets a two because i liked it as a kid, but it became so redundant that i just started to hate it... i can't give this a descriptive review because it would be restating one thing after the other, i probably wouldn't say anything that everyone else didn't say already.the only other thing about this show is that it's pretty nasty, with the kid with the boil to that twisted babysitter to the stupidity that runs around and about in it. i have a cousin that loves this show and he's the strangest and dumbest person i have met. this show should be pulled from the air. it's always the same thing over and over... they need to put better shows on nick. i'm getting really really tired of stuff like this.

i really hate this retarded show, it sucks! big time, and personally i think it is insulting to fairy kind (if you believe in fairies that is); i mean the people who had come up with such crap 'ought to have their heads examine huh? and also there is a lot of craziness (the evil school teacher, which i think is getting really old) and also stupidity (the boy's parents and fairy godfather) in this show - two of the things that i dispised and loathe in the whole world (especially stupidity).overall, i say that this show is so f*****' annoying and should not be seen by prying eyes at all (it would make'em bleed to death)!

there are some redeeming qualities to this show. one is that the theme tune does have a decent melody. the show does have a nice premise. also, i am probably in the minority, but i like wanda. i like the fact she is caring, and is more a mother figure to timmy. however, despite all this, i do not like this show, it isn't excrement but i do find it very annoying.i wouldn't say that it is the best animated show on planet earth. when i use that term for an animated tv show, i think of peter pan and the pirates, i think of darkwing duck, i think of scooby doo and i think of talespin. and i hope i am not the only one who really likes the wild thornberrys and resent the fact it gets poked fun at. nor do i think fairly odd parents is the worst animated show on planet earth. i accept it's annoying, and in some ways overrated, but it isn't the worst show on nickolodean. that is chalk zone, god that show is unwatchable. but the worst animated show i've ever seen is shaggy and scooby doo:get a clue, which is crudely animated, unfunny and frankly a disgrace.one thing i don't like about this show is the animation. the characters, forgive me if i offend, have very weird facial features, and a lot of the backgrounds are dull and lack the colour that make spongebob squarepants and wild thornberrys so nice to look at. the characters with the exception of wanda i find very annoying. i can't believe such a talented voice actress like tara strong(aka. charendoff) voiced timmy. timmy i don't find very likable as a lead character at all, he is annoying and sometimes patronising, and he is a poor decision maker as well. and his voice gets on my nerves. i actually like strong but not in this show. another annoying character is cosmo, the supposedly funny character. instead, his jokes are as unfunny as they could become. they are either a) contrived, or b) over familiar. timmy's parents are awful characters, who don't give a toss about their son, and their personalities wear well thin.the story lines are very unoriginal on the most part, and i keep thinking, where have i seen this before. the episodes after the arrival of the baby i thought were unwatchable. even worse is the scripts, very unfunny, childish, witless and suffer from a complete lack of energy.all in all, not the worst show ever, but pretty poor for an animation fan, and fairly uncomfortable to sit through. 3/10- there are redeeming qualities, and i completely understand if people like it. bethany cox

during the first 3 seasons fairly odd parents was as tasty as hard candy, bright and sweet and addictive. now it's as tasty as pepto-bismol. and unfortunately pepto-bismol is what you'll need after viewing the more recent episodes, where all the sweetness has been replaced by insults and violence resulting in no laughs. cosmo, once one of the more endearing nick characters, has devolved into an abusive unfunny cretin that the cast of family guy wouldn't even want to know. timmy has become a selfish arrogant jerkwad that bart simpson would happily beat the snot out of (and given timmy's snottiness, that would take a lot of beating). and poor wanda...a real charmer who's become the victim of her husband and godchild, she's now labeled a "nag" for caring about the well-being of others. plus cosmo's stupidity causes pain to everyone else but he's never punished for it, nor does he learn any lessons. which pretty much sums up butch hartman's attitude towards kids: they're crude, vulgar and not too bright. thank god this crummy toon has been cancelled, along with butch hartman's darling, danny phantom. at least butch got what he deserved - unlike cosmo.

seriously, the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. this show isn't funny, it isn't clever, it isn't original, it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. let me start with the characters. the characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud, exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. the voice acting could've been better. then there's the animation. my god, it hurts my eyes just looking at it. everything is too flat, too pointy, too bright, and too candy coated. then there's the humor, or lack thereof. it's completely idiotic! they just take these b-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. they also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. and finally, last and least, the music. it's just plain annoying. it sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. i wish there was a score lower than 1, i really do. this show seriously needs to be canceled. it's a show i try to avoid like the plague. whenever i hear the theme song i immediately turn the tv off. if you've never watched this show then don't. watch quality programming like the simpsons or futurama.

i first started watching this show probably around the year of 2003 or 2004 with my friends. of course, at the time i was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes on this show. i was 11 in 2003, and i am 14 now (2007). though my age probably plays a major role in how i judge this show, after reading other's reviews, i have come to see that after the third season, this show went down the tubes. i agree. this show is obnoxious, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot.the show revolves around timmy turner, who was granted two fairy godparents because basically his life was horrible - his parents were never around, and he had a nasty baby-sitter. the plot of the entire show is that this kid (timmy) and his godparents always wish up some destruction that cannot be prevented by making another wish, because something in "da rules" says they can't. the show has a lot of lines that keep being repeated, like "magic cannot break true love, super toilet" or even just some scummy jokes lines that nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to put in the episode various times.the show is aimed at kids younger than 10, because it involves gross situations and "kid humor" that most kids of my age wouldn't care for. the character voice selection could've been better too. timmy has an extremely loud, shrill, feminine voice as does cosmo. wanda sounds like an old lady. timmy's dad sounds like some announcer or game show host, timmy's mom's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, timmy talks back and acts spoiled and snobbish. wanda apparently is smart and wise. cosmo is stupid, dumb and incapable of thinking as is timmy's dad. timmy's mom seems to end up doing whatever timmy's dad does.the show is too far flung from reality to get my likings anymore. maybe as a younger kid, i could see more of the humor in this show, but as i grow up, it really grows old. and not to sound conceded or "trashing" but the show does have that mentality that makes you want to commit homicidal activity towards the characters. a show like this just has to be your attitude, if you know what i mean. if not, it basically disgusts you.

*spoilers and extreme bashing lay ahead*when this show first started, i found it tolerable and fun. fairly oddparents was the kind of cartoon that kids and adults liked. it also had high ratings along with spongebob. but it started to fall because of the following crap that butch hartman and his team shoved into the show.first off, toilet humor isn't all that funny. you can easily pull off a fast laugh from a little kiddie with a burp, but that's pretty much the only audience that would laugh at such a cliché joke. next there are the kiddie jokes. lol we can see people in their underwear and we can see people cross-dressing. lololol!!! i just can't stop laughing at such gay bliss! somebody help me! but of course, this show wouldn't suck that bad if it weren't for stereotypes. did you see how the team portrayed australians? they saw them as nothing but kangaroo-loving, boomerang-throwing simpletons who live in a hot desert. but now... is the coup de grace of why this show truly sucks the loudest of them all... over-used jokes!!! the show constantly pulls up the same jokes (the majority of them being unfunny) thinking it is like the greatest thing ever! cosmo is mostly the one to blame. i hated how they kept on mentioning "super toilet" (which also has a blend of kiddish humor in it just as well) and cosmo would freak out. and who could forget that dumb battery ram joke that every goddamn parent in dimmsdale would use in that one e-mail episode? you know, the one in which every single parent (oblivious to other parents saying it) would utter the exact same sentence before breaking into their kid's room? yes, it may be first class humor to some people, but it is pure s*** to others.if i'm not mistaken, i do believe butch hartman said something about ending the show. thank god! everyone around my area says it's, like, the funniest nickelodeon show ever. i just can't agree with it i think it's just another pile of horse dung that we get on our cartoon stations everyday, only worse.

i cannot stand this show! has there ever been even one redeeming quality, one funny punchline, or one plot line that "didn't" make the average viewer want to drown himself in a bowl of soggy cornflakes? the voices. oh, those horrible, wretched voices. akin to repeatedly dragging a set of fine cutlery across a dusty blackboard, each character is uniquely annoying in his or her aptitude for shrill, nasal vocals. cosmo sounds like a whining mongrel, vicky sounds like a stereotypical shrew, and timmy's dad makes every line sound like a bad impersonation of a game show host (guy smiley from "sesame street" comes to mind).the animation is awful; even the producers of "yu-gi-oh!" laugh at the overwhelmingly bad artwork on this show. every character has buck teeth, or a square head, or a head three sizes too big for his or her body. and what's with having the characters speak every single line wide-eyed and grinning, as though posing for a photo op with the president? then, there is the fact that every character on the show is completely moronic. not since the subtle grace of amelia bedelia, homer simpson, and buddy lembeck of "charles in charge" fame have characters been portrayed as so unrealistically dumb. usually "unrealistic" is synonymous with "unfunny", and that is most definitely the case here. there hasn't been this much slapstick based on cluelessness since "the naked gun 33 1/3"...and at least leslie nielson was good at it.finally, the premise of the show (and it's the same every single episode, so big time spoiler alert here): timmy wishes for something with his two "fairly oddparents", something goes wrong, there's always some contrived reason why he can't immediately reverse course and wish away the damage, and then everything turns out just fine in the end. oh, and on a side note, timmy's parents never believe him when he complains about vicky, and they continue to employ her at every opportunity. maybe it's just me, but it seems that a kids' show containing the subtle message that it pretty much does no good whatsoever to tell on an abusive babysitter probably isn't a great idea. if you're writing a paper and want to cite an example of just how far the quality of cartoons has fallen, "the fairly odd parents" has to be a great place to start. a prime example of television producers throwing together a worthless product aimed at kids with little or no effort simply because they know that someone somewhere will watch it.

the story and the show were good, but it was really depressing and i hate depressing movies. ri'chard is great. he really put on a top notch performance, and the girl who played his sister was really awesome and gorgeous. seriously, i thought she was carmen electra until i saw the imdb profile. i can't say anything bad about peter galleghar. he's one of my favorite actors. i love anne rice. i'm currently reading the vampire chronicles, but i'm glad i saw the movie before reading the book. this is a little too"real" for me. i prefer lestat and louis's witty little tiffs to the struggles of slaves. eartha kitt was so creepy and after her character did what she did the movie was ruined for me; i could barely stand to watch the rest of the show. (sorry for the ambiguity, but i don't want to give anything away) sorry, but it's just not my type of show.

this movie was so badly written, directed and acted that it beggars belief. it should be remade with a better script, director and casting service. the worst problem is the acting. you have jennifer beals on the one hand who is polished, professional and totally believable, and on the other hand, ri'chard, who is woefully miscast and just jarring in this particular piece. peter gallagher and jenny levine are just awful as the slave owning (and keeping) couple, although both normally do fine work. the actors (and director) should not have attempted to do accents at all--they are inconsistent and unbelievable. much better to have concentrated on doing a good job in actual english. the casting is ludicrous. why have children of an "african" merchant (thus less socially desirable to the gens de couleur society ) been cast with very pale skinned actors, while the supposedly socially desirable marcel, has pronounced african features, including an obviously dyed blond "fro"? it's as if the casting directors cannot be bothered to read the script they are casting and to chose appropriate actors from a large pool of extremely talented and physically diverse actors of color. it's just so weird! this could be a great movie and should be re-made, but with people who respect the material and can choose appropriate and skilled actors. there are plenty of good actors out there, and it would be fun to see how jennifer beals, daniel sunjata and gloria reuben would do with an appropriate cast, good script and decent direction.

i read rice's novel with interest, and became quite enchanted with its characters and heartbreaking tale based on historical truths.however, i was simply appalled at this disastrous adaptation. the casting was based merely on physical appearance, and not acting talent (with the obvious exception of peter gallagher, who was neither blond-haired, or able to act his way out of a wet paper bag). the cast's embarrassingly clumsy and inconsistent attempts at affecting a french accent was hilarious, but not in an entertaining way. i found myself wincing through this muddled and melodramatic tripe, and was surprised i made it to the end.a warning to fans of the novel - stay away from this one.

well, one has to give the director credit for how gutsy he was. gutsy would be the right term. not only did he use a total cast of five people (no extras at all), but he also decided to use sub-par special effects with a confusing and boring plot, he also, and i am not kidding, put a warning at the beginning of the movie that you might die of fright!!! however, they do promise a freeeeee coooofffffffiiiiinnnnn. to have a creepy limping gardener is always a good move. yaaa-unique-aaawwwwnnn....if you watch mystery science theater 3000, you might've seen this. they like to showcase horrible movies, just to let you know.a good gift for someone you hate.

- a newlywed couple move into the home of the husband's dead former wife. it's not long before the new wife begins to have the feeling that someone doesn't want her in the house. she sees skulls all around the house. but when the husband investigates, he can't find anything. is someone trying to drive her back to the asylum that she was recently discharged from? or, is the ghost of the dead wife trying to get the new wife out of her house? - this is the first time that i've watched the screaming skull without the assistance of the mst3k crew. and, it will in all likelihood be the last time i watch it this way. can you say dull? i'm not talking ordinary dull - i'm talking watching grass grow dull. there are great stretches of the movie where nothing happens. the screen could have gone blank and i would have gotten as much entertainment out of it. the characters drone on and on with the most monotonous conversations imaginable. the screaming skull could probably be marketed as a sleep aide.- the actors don't help matters much. most of them deliver lines with the conviction normally reserved for a grade school play. i haven't looked it up, but i would be shocked to find that anyone associated with this movie ever appeared in anything of cinematic value. i won't even go into the script the actors are given to work with. let's just say that the characters are given some of the most idiotic lines ever uttered on film.- you've been warned! either avoid this one at all costs or, at least, seek out the mst3k version.

well i have to admit this was one of my favorites as a kid, when i used to watch it on a home projector as a super-8 reel. now there isn't much to recommend it, other than the inherent camp value of actors being "terrified" by replicas of human skulls. the special effects are pretty silly, mostly consisting of skulls on wires and superimposed "ghost" images.but there's something to be said for the sets. the large mansion in which it takes place is pretty creepy, especially since it's mostly unfurnished (probably due to budgetary reasons?).it definitely inspires more laughs than screams, however. just try not to get the giggles when the wife (who does more than her share of screaming) goes into the greenhouse and is confronted with the ghost of her husband's ex.

the screaming skull (1 outta 5 stars) this movie boasts some pretty cool opening credits (an offscreen narrator warning that movie patrons will be offered a free burial if they die of fright watching this movie, a scary shot of a skull emerging from a placid pool and the ubiquitous scary music) but, sadly, the movie is all downhill from there. a widowed man takes his new bride to his secluded mansion... admonishing his servants and friends that the new mrs. has a very fragile disposition due to a tragedy in her past. well, in no time at all she begins to see and hear mysterious things that no one else can. her husband assures her that it's all merely in her mind and... well, you can probably see where this all is going. you will have figured out what's going on long before our hapless heroine... because you have probably seen the exact same plot in hundreds of other movies and tv shows (and done better, too). to add to the movie's myriad transgressions, most cuts of this movie (on numerous cheap dvd compilations) seem to be missing a few key scenes. you see the heroine slowly walking towards the window... she goes to open it... you know she is going to see something scary... and then... suddenly the scene cuts to her sobbing in her husband's arms. so what did she see??? i guess we'll never know.

as far as cinematography goes, this film was pretty good for the mid 50's. there were a few times that the lighting was way too hot but the shots were generally in frame and stayed in focus. the acting was above average for a low budget stinker but the direction was horrible. several scenes were dragged out way too long in an attempt at suspense and the effects were non-existent. the attack by the skull in the pond should have been completely removed from the final cut and every attempt to bring life to the skull was obvious with stick pokes and strings. i also couldn't help but think the budget didn't allow them to furnish the house so they kept making references to the movers and that all the things in storage should be coming soon. honestly...it would have been more entertaining if it were a worse movie. it wasn't bad enough to be a "good-bad" movie but wasn't good enough to be "good" either. get the mst3k version...it's more fun.

okay, so the introduction, with its hokey offer of a free coffin to anyone who dies of fright during the film, is so lame it's funny. and so the first "skull scene" is so drawn out and un-suspenseful it's funny. the actual plot of the movie is somewhat decent, there's at least a little bit of genuine food for thought in the behavior of the characters, and the plot twist is decent as horror flicks go. the acting is average, not truly bad. altogether, this movie doesn't quite fall flat in the way a 1/10 movie would. it's not terrible enough to get the lowest rating or even second lowest. if i just read the screenplay, i'd say there was potential for this to be a decent movie. it's just that the horrid direction and production that ruin the movie. so it's a bad movie, but there are much worse ones out there.

*warning* possible spoilers belowthe film is more boring then anything else. there seems to be some attempt to build tension through badly lit shots of empty rooms and empty lawns, but none of it works.mst3k did a fairly good job with it, but on its own the movie is mostly tedious.funny moments:when the fake skull rolls out of a pile of ashes, the wife becomes hysterical and woozy while the husband (who is trying to drive the wife crazy) says in a deadpan voice "there is no skull there, there's no skull."when the real ghost-skulls have the husband caught in a pickle, as if trapped between first and second base.

as the film begins a narrator warns us the screaming skull is so terrifying you might die of fright--and if such happens a free burial is guaranteed. well, i don't think any one has died of fright from seeing this film, but a few may have died of boredom. the screaming skull is the sort of movie that makes ed wood look good.very loosely based on the famous francis marion crawford story, skull is about a wealthy but nervous woman who marries a sinister man whose first wife died under mysterious circumstances. once installed in his home, she is tormented by a half-wit gardener, a badly executed portrait, peacocks, and ultimately a skull that rolls around the room and causes her to scream a lot. and to her credit, actress peggy webber screams rather well.unfortunately, her ability to do so is the high point of the film. the plot is pretty transparent, to say the least, and while the cast is actually okay, the script is dreadful and the movie so uninspired you'll be ready to run screaming yourself. true, the thing only runs about sixty-eight minutes, but it all feels a lot longer. add to this a truly terrible print quality and there you are.there are films that are so bad they are fun to watch. it is true that the screaming skull has a few howlers--but the film drags so much i couldn't work up more than an occasional giggle, and by the time the whole thing is over your head will roll from ennui. if it weren't for peggy webber's way with a scream, this would be the surefire cure for insomnia. give it a miss.gft, amazon reviewer

i couldn't tell if "the screaming skull" was trying to be a hitchcock rip off or a modernized edgar allen poe tribute. these days, someone would have chopped it up a bit and presented it as one of those tv anthology episodes from the old "tales from the dark side"...but only after an extensive rewrite.the sad thing is, there seems to be a nice, nasty little story trying to get out from under the rubble of this movie, and the actors are obviously doing the best they can with both their talent and the material they have to work with. but the director just didn't know how to stage or pace a dramatic scene; the special effects simply didn't work; the screenplay telegraphed its threadbare plot points so plainly that a bivalve could have seen them coming; and the soundtrack kept playing german "oompah band" music when it was supposed to be trying to scare the audience. they tried; they tried really hard. but this is of interest only as a period piece.i suppose someone very young who hadn't seen a lot of suspense or horror might get a charge out "the screaming skull", but someone that young probably wouldn't get most of the subtext or plot motivation. ("mommy, why is that nice man trying to scare the twisty faced scaredy-cat lady??")

*spoilers*i'm sure back when this was released in 1958 it was much appropriate for its time. back then films were slower paced to allow audiences to follow and analyze the story. here a man moves into a house owned by his last wife that died mysteriously with his new wife. the gardener mickey (played by alex nicol, who also directed he film) really is an underappreciated character. he gets a skull to indirectly warn jenni that she is in trouble, since he knew that there was foul play in the first wife's death. he can't tell jenni directly what happened, so he tries to scare her off with the skull. jenni, we also find out, saw her parents die, thus causing a lifetime of mental anguish that lead to institutionalization. like many audiences today, i found the pacing to be a little too slow for my tastes. but if you like slow-paced horror without a lot of gore, this film is for you.

i first saw this movie on mst3k. and although i laughed my posterior off at the jokes, i don't particularly think this movie was all that bad. sure it was a little hard to understand it is quite obviously low budget, but it had a very hitchcock-like plot and i can honestly say that when i viewed the non-mst3k version, i was genuinely entertained. this movie is crying out for a hollywood remake.

when you have a disembodied skull, an empty mansion, a schizophrenic wife, a scheming cad and a nutzo gardener, throw in a minister and his wife - what have you got?aip's answer to insomnia."the screaming skull" gets points for audacity, offering free caskets for anyone who dies of fright from watching the film. pretty safe bet, when you're lulled into a stupor by people who think they're in a production of "suspense for dummies".but peggy webber was a cutie, anyway. she had a few good moments of acting here and there (especially when trying to communicate with the gardener) and no one else fills a nightgown like she. but that scared face she makes - scary in itself. whoa.as a whole, though, there is little suspense here and everything is telegraphed like a punch thrown by a mime. you can't be scared by this film, it's impossible. it has its moments, but not enough of them.however, thanks to a certain mike nelson and his two robot pals, there are several moments of pure joy, especially in the copy they got hold of ("the film jumped, and it was really scary!").one star for "the screaming skull", eight and a half for the mst3k version.talk about a "screaming" bore....

"the screaming skull" opens with a warning and an offer for free burial services if you should die watching it - now there's a hook! the story itself has a fairly interesting premise for a horror flick: scheming husband marries a wealthy woman with a history of mental illness, then attempts to convince her that she's going insane with shrill noises, mysterious knocking and skulls that turn up at inopportune times. add to the formula a sufficiently creepy gardener who still cherishes the memory of the man's first wife who he was devoted to. maybe it's just that the 1950's didn't have the technology to pull off some of the scare scenes needed to juice up this movie, the techniques used here seem contrived and mundane. but then again, when i first saw "house on haunted hill" as a nine year old, it gave me the heebie jeebies in the same way i'm sure this film did for young viewers of the same era.don't get me wrong, the film is not terrible, it just seems to get tedious at times. but there's some great atmospheric tension in the generally huge but unfurnished whitlock home, and the gardens and pool are a nice touch. for me the best played out scene involves eric whitlock (john hudson) going maniacal in the pond attempting to retrieve the hidden skull, he just wades right in clothes and all, in neat contrast to the mentally challenged gardener (director alex nicol in a dual role). it makes you wonder who the real dimwit was.in it's own good way, perhaps the most shocking thing about the film: how about that neat roadster the whitlock's make their first appearance in - gull wing doors in 1958! that at least made me jump out of my seat!

this long winded film turns out to be less about berkowitz and his effect on nyc, but more about painting caricatures of a certain group of italian-americans, known locally as "guidos." the problem is that "guidos" are uninteresting, no matter what kind of story or setting they are immersed in. they are already living caricatures, so lee only amplifies them, rather than simply portraying them.when someone has a caricature done of themselves, they don't go home and say, "hey, let's make the ears and nose even bigger!" that's what lee has done in this film. the most interesting characters in the film are the two (adrian brody and jennifer esposito) who wish to escape the "guido" lifestyle. top it off with an uninteresting storyline for the characters, particularly john leguizamo's, and you get a nice film to fall asleep by. especially considering it's lengthy run time.one more strike against it: for someone proclaiming to be a yankees fan, and has grown up in new york, spike lee should know how to spell phil rizzuto, which is spelled incorrectly in the closing credits.

good actors and good performances can't mask a pointless script, bad dialogue, and patterns of behavior spiraling into nothing you'd care about. the most interesting character is david berkowitz. no character development - no growth, no interest, just some suffering for no particular reason, teaching us nothing and not even bothering to entertain.

this movie is bad news and i'm really surprised at the level of big name talent who would ever agree to appear in such a piece of junk as this. i imagine there were a few strangled agents sprawled across hollywood blvd. as a result of this fiasco. what really gets you is that it could have been good. the directors star appeal and the subject matter was sufficient fodder to spark interest and ticket sales, but this is a flop. the multiple story lines all go from bad to silly by the pictures end, and you end up feeling like a mouse in a maze looking for a piece of cheese that turns out to be rotten. what spike is able to achieve is revenge against any italians who may have beat him up when he was a kid or insulted him, as the movie does quite a number on perpetuating outdated and probably offensive italian stereotypes. as with any spike lee film there is some really thought provoking and magical camerawork. he does have the gift of grabbing your psyche and transporting you into his vision if only for a few memorable scenes. but the question remains...can you endure the other 2 hours of head scratching and clock watching as you wonder and wait for the ending that has to be there somewhere.

i wish spike lee had chosen a different title for his film. "summer of sam" conveys the impression that the film is about the infamous serial killer, david berkowitz. it's not. it's a gritty, earthy portrait of nyc street life during the hot summer of '77 when berkowitz terrorized that city.the film follows several young fictional characters in an italian-american neighborhood, and their reactions to the son of sam threat. there's vinny and his wife dionna; there's richie and ruby, and several other characters.the problem is that these characters are not likable. they are routinely annoying, and at times unbearable. lee then belabors their high energy, chaotic lives, which are filled with anger, lust, and general turmoil. there are at least two protracted fight scenes between vinny and his wife, redundant disco dance scenes, countless gabfests ... over and over i kept wondering: where's the film editor?meanwhile, with all that bulk, the film passes up the chance to convey any real sense of fear or dread arising from the son of sam menace, which is too much in the background. lee is more successful at showing a different kind of menace, that arising from neighborhood vigilante groups.the acting is uniformly good. that, combined with 70's disco music, and lavish attention to costumes and production design, make you really feel like you are in an italian-american neighborhood in nyc in 1977.the film's atmospheric authenticity, however, is not nearly enough to offset a rambling, overblown script about the lives of grossly irritating people.

"why?"that simple question had to be on the lips of every single new yorker during the 12 months of terror that david berkowitz created in 1976-77. that same one word will surely become the same perplexing question 22 summers later as people exit theaters exhibiting the trite and exploitative "summer of sam".director spike lee attempts to weave the story of a pack of misguided thugs searching for the celebrated psychopath -- who paralyzed new york city for over a year -- with a stark and graphical depiction of the killings, the demons inside berkowitz's head and the frustration of a futile nypd manhunt. he presents an ensemble of despicable losers who hear their own "barking dogs" as they live lives devoid of love, honor and humanity -- no different than berkowitz. lee browbeats the audience in nearly every frame with "not one of us are what we seem to be". often a critic of the white establishment, lee perpetuates the stereotype by including a scene where mira sorvino, playing a newlywed with a cheating husband (john leguizamo), hopes to have oral sex with a black man "in the back of a big black cadillac". an italian mafioso tells a black detective that the famous willie mays' over-the-back center field catch was "lucky". lee even makes sure to deliver the racist musings of one middle aged black woman who declares "i'm happy it's a white man killing all these white people because if it were a black man killing all these white people - there would be the biggest race riot in nyc history."other than an outstanding opening pan shot of an arrival at a disco (reminiscent of shots from martin scorcese's "goodfellas" or orson welles' "the third man"), this film has no soul, purpose or passion. he parades characters on the screen bereft of human decency. although we learn nothing about the true victims of this horrible spree, spike lee seems to be saying new york city got what it deserved during that frightening, boiling summer over two decades ago."how could anyone wreak such havoc on his beloved city?" "how could someone show such hatred toward his fellow man?"are these appropriate questions for berkowitz or lee?you decide.

the film is a collection of cliche's on just about anything out there. it has no focus whatsoever, no goals, no real message. symbolism is pushed over the top and stereotyping is abundant and outrageous. this movie can't resist the temptation of making drama where non exists. every small exchange of words turns immediately into a lengthy, unjustified dialog that is so typical of an acting class rehearsal. where there is no substance to this exchange, the actors (regardless of how good they are normally) can't help but compensate with exaggerated emotion, aka "raising the stakes". over acting, to put it simply. the directing is of no help here. nothing can save this non-story. it is forced, faked and boring to tears. inaccuracies in portaraying punk rock with the who, piercings and flashy 90's outfits. characters wander without a role, detail and motive. locations are arbitrary. this is boogie nights cum the good fellas cum saturday night fever, with meaning and art ripped out.good dp. i'll give it that.some films have flaws. this film is lee's flaw. he sold out, like the rest of them. became irrelevant. he has nothing of interest to say anymore.i have no desire to see anything again from this guy (whom i'll refrain from naming from now on).

this was one of the most ridiculous and badly directed movies i've seen in a very long time. i've never liked spike lee, but thought i'd give this one a try: bad mistake. the movie is supposed to show how the son of sam real life murders affected a neighborhood in the summer of 1977; what it really did was center around the most boring characters that i doubt anyone cared for as far as their drug problems, marriage problems, and so on, etc. the scenes that depict the murders are just that, and nothing more; a shooting and then it's back to saturday night fever! what's even more ridiculous is spike lee's choice to show up as a reporter in the movie: spike, trust me, you're no hitchcock, stay out of the movies, it makes them even worse off. the most silly scene had to be the dog speaking in a goofy voice, which was depicted in a scene before it where it was supposed to have been shot??? spike, what were you thinking when you made this film? not thinking at all is my guess. people who think they'll see a crime drama, take my advice and do not waste your time or money on this loser. you're better off watching jerry springer in this case! waste of film, i gave it a 1 out of 10: awful dud.

i had to walk out of the theater. after an hour, all i was seeing was people cheating on wives, schtupping like dogs in a rut, and using the f-word like a diabetic using equal.no thanks.it was especially frustrating because the movie could have done a lot. any one of the characters could have been quite interesting if they were given more to do than fornicate, talk about it, and swear at each other.the few times that it looked as if there were about to be some sort of character development, all that happened was another sex scene. plot development in the 1st hour can be summarized as 1)several murders occur, 2) vinnie sees murder scene 3) vinnie stares moodily across atlantic/east/hudson river 4) vinnie cheats on wife, and 5) joey (most sympathetic character in the show) gets kicked out of his parents' house. more than that, i didn't wait to see.the photography and the interplay between the characters were superb, but there was nothing for them to do. the flood of sex and vulgarity was hardly worth waiting another hour for something to happen.sorry, spike. take some lessons from notting hill, or shawshank redemption. either one is a better study in community and interpersonal relationships.

what can i say? i think i have to write "spoiler alert" and then "reveal" they used the f-word a lot in this movie - like in every two sentences. i did not like this movie at all - too much hints on sexual perversions, sidesteps and cheating. and that swearing was totally out the window. i gave this movie "3" and two of those points are for mira sorvino's sexy movements on the dance floor.

a low budget effort from texas that's at least filmed well, but that is little consolation. bad acting, or, should i say, bad over-acting, a pretty limp story line that's nothing new, bad special effects, bad, bad, bad. seems like a bunch of young folks are putting together a haunted house for halloween, which is done every year, but this year things are different. has a long extended lesbian theme that is not only annoying but definitely fills out the empty spots, of which there are a lot. putrid, puerile, definitely avoidable, at all costs.

sucks. that's all i got to say about this sorry excuse for a film. sucks. sucks. sucks. i mean, what the hell were they thinking? the idiots involved should never be allowed to make another films. the acting was so bad that it even failed to entertain on a bad level. the attempt at a "lesbian scene" was sad. i felt so bad for the ladies involved. this movie sucks! sucks! sucks!i heard rumors of a sequel.godhelpusall

ya i rented it, so shoot me!a decent premise sets up an otherwise awkward story with no real payoff, but at least it's shot well. director jon keeyes takes the simple idea of a fake haunted house with real danger inside. in most cases this should be a slam dunk, but this little stinker derails quite quickly. the cinematography is above average and the acting is mediocre at best, but the story and writing is just plain awful. slower scenes drag on forever and the scares are too few and far in between with no real climax to the film. an eerie mood is set at the beginning but loses it's luster before any type of horror transpires, and i found myself bored to death and making another sandwich... the cover art is appealing and i suppose it's worth a rental if you're looking for mindless low budget dreck, but if you enjoy a good story and eventful ending, reach for something else.

***one out of ten stars*** because if it was, it gets an f. holy mother mary of god was this bad. i mean, i gave it every reasonable accommodation considering it was a straight to video film, but it let me down at every turn. like so many other b movies, the basic storyline was decent and the filmmakers seemed to have a reasonable level of resources, but the execution was ridiculous. it's a shame they attached the good name of halloween to this fiasco.the basic premise surrounds some frat douche bags hosting their annual halloween haunted house fund raiser, when a satanic spell book shows up out of nowhere and hurls the frat boys into a living hell. well that's the idea anyway, but instead most of the film is devoted to displaying these frat boy's relationship escapades, abound with an outrageous lesbian subplot. very little of the actual story is devoted to halloween or the mysterious spell book. it actually makes me mad that the film makers thought they could get away with making such dribble. the film is essentially about frat boy relationships. this is not what the movie is billed as. i'm tempted to track down the producers and at the very least threaten them with bodily harm. the acting is about as bad as it gets, it's atrocious! the script is unintentionally funny. the cinematography is just plain lazy. the whole film is amateur night. this movie actually makes the syfy channel movie productions look like masterpieces.the last half hour of the film felt like the film makers realized they weren't producing a soap opera and had to throw in some sort of horror sequences. the evil spell book finally comes into play and turns everyone in the haunted house into the character their dressed up as. i almost feel like crying as i write this review. wow! i mean wow! this thing was an undecipherable chopped up disaster.

horror movies can be a lot of fun with low budgets, bad acting, and a bit of panache. i think the film is just missing panache, because, one thuddingly dull scene after another, people make laughably harmless claw-handed grabs at the air. if it weren't so boring, it might be funny.a horror film can go a long way with a tired concept like "college kids in a haunted house," in much the same way the evil dead movies had a lot of fun with a similar standard plotline. hallow's end, unfortunately, doesn't go a long way. actually, it doesn't go anywhere. it spends the better part of an hour setting up faceless and anonymous characters with what seem like endless interpersonal drama. i have nothing against character development, not even in a horror movie, but these are strictly one-dimensional characters (the alpha-male, the milquetoast, the... um... throwaway characters that exist mostly for sex scenes.) spending forty-plus bloodless, droning minutes with them was more horrific than when the bloodshed started.well, implied bloodshed anyway. when the college kids turn into whatever they dressed as for their haunted house (one's a vampire, one's wearing o.r. scrubs and some white pancake) they look pretty much the way they did in their amateur haunted house costumes; the dead hate the living, using a similar theme, is a masterwork in comparison. there isn't really any gore to speak of, nor are there any real scares.i've thought about this one from almost every approach. if it was supposed to be a tight, suspenseful horror movie (which would explain why things moved so slowly), the pathetic sex scenes and cheap monsters would invalidate it. if it was supposed to be a genuine blood & guts horror movie (which would explain the schlock)... where's the blood and guts? and the anticlimax is one of the unexciting endings to a movie i've ever seen. it's the kind of movie that, though it doesn't have a narrator through the film, is bookended by voice-overs because all of the meaningless dialogue just wasn't enough.this was a hard one... coming out of it, i wonder if i've just sat through a christian horror film. maybe the "i know hell exists" of the opening wasn't meant that way, but there are some hints (or misdirection-- i'm not sure which). for all the profanity in the film, a line like "gosh-darnit" comes off a little absurd, and so does most of the crucifix worshipping, god-fearing, and satan-dreading, especially after some lecherous t&a sex scenes (one heterosexual, one lesbian).if it a christian company (highland myst's logo even has a bit of a crucifix resemblance), then this film weighs in heavily for the atheist camp. an omnipotent being can't be this bad a filmmaker.

*warning. there might be spoilers ahead, if you care.*okay, the basic premise of this homegrown texas film is: college kids + spookhouse + evil magic book = scary stuff. in practice, it equals a lot of time looking at the time to see how much longer this movie is going to drag on. a bunch of frat boys, along with assorted girlfriends & volunteers, is setting up a charity haunted house. the project is being presided over by a thoroughly repellent character, whose main purpose seems to be verbally & physically assaulting as many cast members as possible. i had a hard time believing that anyone would even attempt to work with this person in any capacity: he's nothing but rude and abusive to everyone, including his girlfriend and his buddy. regardless, the kids are visited by local character & annual pumpkin-carving champion "pumpkin jack", an elderly coot who is described as the "santa claus of halloween", and who drops off a load of props for the house, including an ominous book that figured prominently in the irritatingly strobe-flashed prologue(where a gaggle of robed cultists get turned into stir-fry). needless to say, some damn fool starts messing with the book, and eventually most of the costumed monsters turn into real ones, and the remaining few normal folk have to try and survive. there's some good stuff in this film, but not much: everything is shot well, and the makeup effects are decent. on the other hand, the performers either underact, or overact drastically; much of the plot makes little sense outside of a "this happens so that can happen" series; there is hardly any musical score to speak of, just snatches of songs throughout the film; and the movie takes an hour to actually get anywhere. that last problem is the most telling: two-thirds of the 90 minute running time is used to repeatedly set up the characters. tom is a nice guy dating heidi the control freak, but he used to date jill, who is now dating dan the jerk, but she's started a relationship kira the girl who wears too many shawls/capes. dan is a really big jerk, gary likes to play jokes, and steve & lily like to have a lot of sex. stuff that could have easily been dealt with in 20 minutes or so drags on and on, to the point where the lesbian "sex" scene(calm down, it's pretty tame) left me looking for the fast forward button. that leaves us with half an hour of lo-calorie scares, a klunky ending and a deep-seated dislike of ol' pumpkin jack, who i blame for the whole mess. unless you can get this on some sort of deep-discount rental(and really have seen everything else in the store), put it back on the shelf and keep looking.

this movie proves that you can't judge a movie by the awesome artwork on the dvd cover. it also goes to show that you should learn more about a movie before you buy it (or get it for someone at christmas). the beginning of this movie actually looks somewhat promising. well, until you meet the characters. pumpkin jack (the old guy from down the street) brings the college co-eds a book full of witch's spells that he leaves at their annual haunted house (where the movie takes place). after that there is some drinking, fighting, and soft core porn. then the action of the movie finally takes place after over an hour.overall, hallow's end was predictable, unsuspensful, and reminiscent of a soft-core porn. this movie is probably best viewed with a group of friends who have nothing better to do, as it is a good movie to make fun of. and for first-time viewers, it is really fun making predictions of the order of people who die.

i probably give this more credit than it deserves because it's halloween, i was just at "knott's scary farm" and i was in a mood to watch a really cheesy halloween movie.oh, and it only cost me one dollar.usually i'll ffwd through a movie like this to get to "the good stuff," but i resisted the urge here and i'm still not sure why. it was obvious from the opening shots this wasn't a "real" movie, not even a b-movie. it's more in the category of the decoteau "horror" movies like "the brotherhood" that are shot on film-look video for about 50 cents (in fact, i was half afraid any minute one of his beefy college boys would stagger out rubbing himself in his underpants or something). there were no cutaway shots (too expensive to do multiple camera setups) and flat lighting but...it's hard to pinpoint. there's something refreshing about watching a director with no money pull off a half-decent movie. the fact that he's doing even a half-decent job is commendable, and this movie has it's share of merits--the acting isn't bad, the photography is pretty good (if too bright to be scary), there are some surprises, and the whole thing is sort of...different somehow.a bunch of college kids are (for some unknown reason) stuck in the warehouse where they are decorating the annual haunted house. a creepy old man gives them a satanic book and they accidentally summon up the powers of hell. this results in the costumed people in the haunted house becoming who they are made up to be, and causing a lot of mayhem and human suffering. along the way we are treated to an oddly complex and thoughtful lesbian relationship subplot--it's interesting that this couple seems to be the most well-rounded in the movie. yes, there's a sex scene but it isn't salacious--or at least no more so than you'd find in any legit movie about lesbians that shows them having sex. it's rather unusual for a horror film to take the time and effort to do this without resorting to cheap exploitation. the other thing about this that held my interest was how it was clearly trying to emulate the "stupid kids have sex and get killed" vibe of the 80's slashers. it's hard to take that on because there are so many of those films that already exist, the genre has been done to death. i'm not sure if it's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to make another entry in that genre, without irony, as if it was still a living genre, but i appreciated the attempt.which is why i sat through it; sometimes you just want to watch a mindless, no-budget, "a-for-effort" horror film. there really was too much set up, not enough gore, endless plot-holes, dead-ends and clichés and the unfortunate overall feel of a movie that simply did not have enough money behind it to be the film the producers envisioned...but at the very least the haunted house scenes were pretty cool. i'd pay to go to that haunted house if it existed, and didn't mind paying a dollar to see it on dvd even if i'll never watch this again.oh, and **possible spoiler**, but there was great, brief business with the vampire girl in the coffin: "i used to be claustrophobic. but i've changed." ha ha, good one.

wow...where to begin...picked this up at big lots for only $2.99. that's three bucks i'll never see again...ever...and for what? i'll tell ya. an hour and fifteen minutes of boring, boring, boring chat and college angst that seemed more suitable for a lifetime movie than the horror flick advertised on the box. (may the marketing droids who designed it burn in hell for all eternity). follow that up with a little bit of cheap gore (not even good gore mind you...) and a plot twist at the end that comes out of nowhere, and makes no sense. awful, awful, awful...was there any redeeming qualities? well, on the joe bob briggs scale, there were six breasts involved, but that's hardly worth my long lost three bucks. without those, this coulda been on sci-fi at, say, two or three in the morning...bmoviefreak

once again i took a chance and rented this bag of crap. billed as a horror flick, there wasn't one scene, not one, that was even remotely scarey. not one!! sure there was some nudity, but all the lesbian action got a little old. i guess maybe that was suppose to be this movie's saving grace? and dan, what an annoying ass bag!! right from the beginning i knew i was in for it when good ol' dan first spoke. and he was suppose to be intimidating? what a laugh!! all in all, this movie is dreadfully awful! how in the hell do movies like this get made? if you want a movie with a few thrills in it, don't rent this one. this movie is about as thrilling as the teletubbies.

a handful of critics have awarded this film with positive comments. i don't wish to argue with their opinion, but i strongly disagree. when i first watched this film i was mildly impressed. but after comparing it with other films, particularly with the late master, bruce lee i quickly changed my mind. in fact, if it wasn't for the title of the film, i would never have bought it. game of death 2 doesn't relate to the original game of death, (except it shares one character, billy lo.)i was stunned to see how similar game of death 2 was compared to enter the dragon. the plots have striking similarities: both bruce lee and bobby lo are on a mission to avenge a relative. the two locations are similar, in which they both are very isolated and are surrounded by thousands of blackbelts. there is an element of prostitution in both films (women are sent two the guests rooms in both films.) both han (enter the dragon) and lewis's henchman have a hand missing. their is an underground drug operation in enter the dragon, believe it or not, there is one in game of death 2. han has a pet cat in enter the dragon, the director has used his imagination and awarded lewis with a pet monkey! the list continues. regarding other aspects of the film, such as the script and the acting, i felt it was very poor. it seemed to me that the director was looking for a group of martial artists to star in the film and prayed they could act. on a positive scale, i cannot deny that the choreography is impressive. although the fighting sequences have strong elements of acrobatics in them, they are none the less skillfully performed. however, as the plot is insufficient, i couldn't relate to the characters, therefore the fighting sequences were more exhibitions rather than having a meaning to the film. in conclusion i would say this film is recommendable to any martial-arts fans, but for those who enjoy a solid action film, with a good storyline and strong characters, i seriously wouldn't recommend this film. my opinions towards this film may seem very bias and one-sided, but when bruce lee set a new standard in the martial arts cinema, particularly after his masterpiece: enter the dragon, this film failed to rise to these standards. if anything they imitated a truly brilliant martial-arts film, in hope of achieving the same level of fame. in reference to my evaluation, awarding this film a very harsh 1 out of 10, the film is barley watchable, and must be thankful that it had the fighting sequences it did.

in this 'sequel' bruce is still called billy lo (get it? bruce= billy, lo= lee. no?) but apart from that, that's all it has in common with the other movie. billy doesn't seem to be an actor anymore. he seems to be in another country. he's more like a spy. he's the only cast member to return and sadly, they kill him off to make way for a new character, his brother, bobby. sadly, when bruce dies, the movie pretty much dies with him. this was extremely poorly made. it seemed like they were writing the script as they were filming. the footage works for a while (it's not too obvious at first) but soon bruce is always shown in the dark all the time (he kicks out a light at one stage for no other apparent reason to hide the fact that it's not bruce playing the part). sadly when he dies the movie changes. i can't help but wonder if they were filming as they were writing and may well have planned to keep bruce alive, but later decided to kill him off because it would not have been plausible as bobby does not appear until billy is dead. it's hard to change the lead character halfway in the movie and bruce is a hard act to follow so it's hard to now accept bobby as the star. bruce is never seen again in this movie. i think they should have made this sequel without bruce he has a lame role in this movie. people hoping to see a new bruce lee movie will be disappointed to see that although he's given the top billing, he only has a featuring role. even the worst movies have at least one memorable bit. if there was one bit about this movie people seem to talk about, it's the scene where billy fights in a plant nursery. ironically it doesn't even use bruce lee footage. mind you, they did it more convincingly in no retreat no surrender. not one of the other actors here ever made anything else memorable. bruce's girlfriend (colleen camp) is never mentioned. my advice is to turn it off as soon as bruce is finished writing his letter to his brother. nothing else in the movie is worth watching. i found it really sad to see bruce die. i don't see how a small budgeted movie like this could get enough money to use footage from enter the dragon. this was a cheap way of trying to cash in on bruce's name. oddly this and the original are credited in bruce's filmography. thankfully so far, no one has tried anything like this again. 1981 was the year of bruce's last movie appearance. it was a sad way to end it, but thankfully this is proof that bruce's movie career should be left alone.

this is high grade cheese fare of b movie kung fu flicks. bruce "wannabe" lee is played by bruce li...i think. of course, let's show quick clips of bruce and do closeups of his eyes and if you quint at the right angle during a certain time of the day during the winter solstice, it kind of looks like bruce. you'll laugh in awe at how the film splicing isn't very good, but some cool deleted scenes from enter the dragon are thrown in the mix. according to the movie, bruce lee was killed by a dart while hanging from a helicopter. of course, they think this can excuse bruce li for trying to be bruce even though his character is supposed to be bruce's brother (who for some reason still mimes bruce's gestures and fighting style - very poorly). see bruce go one-on-one with the cowardly lion. the props department stopped by kay-bee, you see. bruce also finds nothing wrong with savagely beating up a crippled man. towards the end, the director decided "let's throw a flashback" for a scene just shown 3 minutes ago!! they must've thought that only one-celled organisms with attention deficit disorder could fully understand this film.

there are so many stupid moments in 'tower of death'/'game of death 2' that you really wonder if it's a spoof. at times, it felt like i was watching a sequel to kung pow rather than a bruce lee film.to be honest, this film has bugger all to do with 'game of death'. if anything, it's more a sequel/remake of 'enter the dragon', incorporating many elements of that film - particularly the actual footage. bruce lee's character billy lo (apparently) investigates the sudden death of his friend and encounters a piece of film that was left with the man's daughter. when the body is stolen during the funeral (!), billy is also killed and it's up to his wayward brother to avenge both men's deaths.tong long stars as brother bobby lo and doesn't really have the sort of charisma to carry the film. his fighting abilities are very good however. bruce lee obviously turns up thanks to (no longer) deleted footage simply to cash-in on the legacy. saying that, on the whole, the footage is actually edited-in better than in 'game of death' but it doesn't stop the film from being a mess.ok, so the fights are actually very entertaining (dare i say mind-blowing) and make the film at least watchable. but there are so many daft elements to this film that it really tests your patience. first off, there's the supposed villain who lives on his palatial estate... or is that mental institution? seriously, the nutter eats raw venison, drinks deer's blood, carries a monkey on his shoulder and owns some peacocks and lions (?!). this attempt to make him look tough and intelligent just makes you feel sorry for him - you half expect someone to escort him back to his room.in fact, this middle section is awful and when the scene involving a naked hooker and a lion suit arrived i turned it off. however, i did finish the film and was kind of glad i did because the fight scene towards the end (much like 'god') was the whole reason for watching. while the story is an embarrassment, the action is very good and contains excellent choreography.but even the finale disappoints if the premise was anything to go by. what we were told was that the 'tower of death' was a pagoda that was upside down and underground. this sounded great, like a twist on bruce lee's original idea with different styles of fighting on each level. could this be the 'game of death' that was originally planned? no! the film should have been named "generator room of death" because thats as far as the tower goes. of yes, there were indeed one or two 'different' styles... there were foil clad grunts, leopard-skinned henchman and stupid monk. it's as though enter the dragon had never been made, with the plot being a poor imitation.worth watching once for the fast paced fight scenes, but so stupid sometimes that it hurts. if this was intended, then fine. thumbs up, however, for recreating that projector room scene from 'enter the dragon'.

this is even worse than the original game of death. a jumbled, incoherent storyline leads to "billy lo" falling from a helicopter to the ground below, killing him, as we're left to follow his younger brother, bobby lo. so not only do we start out following some bruce lee clone, the film kills that one off and has us follow another one thirty minutes into the story. the main reason to watch this one is when bobby lo fights a lion, which is quite obviously a guy in a lion costume. jang lee hwang is also the villain, who is usually pretty awesome but his screen time is significantly small. mainly watched this and the original game of death because they're a part of the bruce lee boxed set. it's no wonder they're included with lee's finished works. no one would buy them otherwise.

this is your only spoiler warning. what a sad state of our cinema when unprofessional junk like this is considered "oscar worthy".i divide material into three levels. the first is the stage theatre. here the viewer is stagnant and the power rests in the presentation of the actor and, most importantly, in the power of the writer. a good playwright is better than a good screenwriter because he or she knows the ways of words better. the best playwrights know how to create imagery that the barren stage cannot show.the second level is film. in this medium, a weaker writer can be used, but the viewer is not sitting in one spot the entire time. with film, the context can take the qualities of visual poetry and meaning in addition to strong writing. furthermore, film can manipulate everday elements like sound and color in ways that are almost surreal.the final level is literature. in this context, everything is imagined by the author, translated onto paper, and then re-imagined by the reader. far more detail can go into a novel than is conceivable for a film studio.this is why adaptations can go up, but never down. novelizations are never better than the base film (see the dime-per-dozen ones at your local book store), whereas the film cannot convey the same power as the original book (catch-22 and lotr). movies can rarely be made into plays and plays can always be made into movies.as for 'the last picture show', it fails. it is a film that should stick to the stage because the director is too stupid to shoot anything right. the characters talk the same and act the same, it's pure futility. add to that an obnoxious soundtrack and you have an entirely unwatchable film.i saw this in my high school drama class with about 20 other wannabe thespians. the instructor raved about how sad the movie was. what is sad is how such stagnant work is considered depressing when the material itself is hilarious. had this been in color the scenes of impotence, the pool party, and the old hooker would be considered great comedy. look what lucas did with 'american graffiti' a few years later.the american secondary education system needs to start teaching about film rather than trying to teach with film. two visually powerful downbeat films: apocalypse now and barry lyndon. rely on them, not this. it's the 'last' i want to see of it. 1 out of 5.

after hearing raves about this movie for years, i finally decided to rent it and watch. let me start by saying that i'm glad that the rental was free from the local library. this move was slow, boring, unrealistic and the plot made no sense. after 2 hours, i was ready to nuke that backwater texas town and put the group of those characters out of their misery. i realize that taste is subjective, but believe me, i just do not understand all of the hype that i have heard about this movie. dallas provided as good a detail of the life in texas as this movie. rent it only if you want to understand how movie studios can pay enough money to reviewers to convince the general public that a bad movie is good.

for getting so many positive reviews, this movie really disappointed me! it is slow moving and long. at times the story is not clear, particularly in the evolving relationships among characters. my advice? read the book, it's a fabulous story which loses it's impact on screen.

black and white film. good photography. believable characters. just awful.i have wasted another perfect evening watching a film that other rated as "worthy" and "very good." there is some good acting here and the back ground setting for the plot is good (more should have been done with this) but it is very slow to grow and never develops. it is totally bases on sex without much romance with much un needed nudity. more could have been done with the main characters. if you are looking for something to watch with you family this in not the movie and if not you will have trouble sitting through it. though this film is long its only about 1 inch deep!

i gave this movie a very fair chance, and it betrayed me. this is very little more than a black and white excuse to bore the hell out of the audience even as the egotist bogdanavich (who did way better with targets) gets "great performances" out of a ton of hams in their debuts. lots of teenage sex clichés come out of this movie, such as doing the teacher's wife, impotence, doing the ugly prostitute(which is very awkwardly shot and grinds things to a complete halt, not that things were really going anywhere anyway) and skinny dipping.i suppose this movie is supposed to be funny because of all the sex nonsense, to me, it was just annoying. i was seriously much more entertained by cleaning my finger nails than watching this mess.

a boring movie about a boring town in the 50's. how can anyone think this is a classic? the producer pretty much ended his career by pushing his girlfriend, cybil shepard, into several movies that were way above her acting ability. i think this movie gives an insight to how bad peter bogdonovitch's future movies were going to be. cybil shepard's career took a dive after being in several movies that peter bogdonovich produced. it wasn't until "moonlighting" that her career started to come back. i thought the acting was poor rendition of the, "graduate". i have noticed that this movie hasn't been shown in the us. the only place i have watched it was overseas in europe late at night.

i'm not going to comb over tlps's obvious peterbogdanovichian flaws. instead, i shall take a look at the positive aspects of this overrated celluloid pygmy of a film.1. peter bogdanovich managed to make a movie that can be endured in its entirety. this fact alone places the movie high up above and all the way up to the top of his lame filmography.2. bogdanovich had shown how amazingly generous some lucky boyfriends can be, by sharing cybill shepherd's (his then-gal) fabulous body and breasts with his male audience - and not just on one but on two occasions. brava! the unquestionable highlights of this cinematic festa del siesta.3. tlps has barely a scene without stereotypical country music doodling in the background. (peter tried to make the obvious point that the movie is set in america's deep south (as if it weren't bleedin' obvious) so he hammered that point on and on and on...) how is this an advantage, you might ask? well, when the movie finally ends and the monotonous country music finally ceases massaging your tired ear-drums, you start experiencing a strange exhilaration: "the movie's finally over!" it's pure joy.4. the movie gives all women who look like cloris leachman hope. hope that they, too, may one day snatch a much younger and maybe even good-looking boyfriend.5. cloris leachman's biography (which i realize isn't technically a part of tlps) gives hope to all women that look like that, that they too may one day win a miss chicago beauty pageant. (provided they have enough money to bribe the jury with.)(you think i'm joking abut cloris having won a beauty pageant, huh? well, check out her bio and then we'll see who laughs last...) 6. the movie was shot in black and white which spared us the sight of cloris leachman's face in its original, natural non-glory.

beyond dirt cheap, this shot-on-video exercise in ineptitude was difficult to get through. it's got the typical gore that you'd expect in a zombie movie, but none of the required atmosphere to make it worth while.what's strange is that this is an amateur german video, and the version i saw is english-dubbed! the dubbers seem to be american fans (penpals of the germans?!) who can't decide whether they want to play it straight or turn it into a comedy. one character (a white german, of course) is dubbed by a black guy apparently, who speaks with thick ebonics! 'kno wahm sayin', comrad?

i will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention. zombie 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with schnaas' other horrible zombie entry - zombie doom (aka violent sh!t 3). these films suck so bad that everyone involved in their creation should be shot. i somehow managed (barely...) to sit through zombie doom - but zombie 90 is so horribly inept - even when compared to schnaas' other horrible film - that i had to fast-forward through everything after the first 10 minutes. zero acting skills, inept gore, horrible camcorder-style camera-work, ridiculous dubbing...it just goes on and on. i really can't find a single thing redeeming about this garbage - and i can usually find something redeeming in just about any film. this truly is one of the worst films ever made - you've been warned...1/10

a chemical spill is turning people into zombies. it's up to two doctor's to survive the epidemic. it's an andreas schnaas film so you know what the par for the course will be. bad acting, horribly awful special effects, and no budget to speak of. the dubbing is ridiculous with a capital r and the saddest thing is that i feel compelled to write one word about this piece of excrement, much less the ten lines mandatory because of the guidelines placed on me by imdb. my original review of merely one word: crap wouldn't fly so i have to revise it and go more in to how bad it is. but i don't know if i can, so.. wait i think i may have enough words, or lines rather to make this review pass. which is cool, i guess. so in summation: this movie sucks balls, don't watch it.my grade: f

"the secretary" is one of those cheesy, cliched, "thrillers" that one is subjected to watching on a sunday afternoon, when there is virtually nothing else on. while the plot (a demented woman becomes jealous of all who succeed over her in the office and decides to do whatever she can to stop them) may be one of a kind, i recognized countless plot twists, probably taken from other tv movies that i had been subjected to for the very same reason.to make matters worse, i was not wild about the cast. mel harris is one of those actresses who appears in so many tv movies as either a "mom" or some sort of "victim" of foul play or abuse, that one must wonder the kind of life she leads. in this one, she gets the joy of playing a mom and a victim of psycho secretary sheila kelly, who was not a very good choice as the villain. while sheila kelly has made some good career moves(singles, breaking in, and i guess, law and order), she is also beset by a string of pitiful tv movie roles, and this one just adds to it. as for the others, i don't have any clear memories of them, so that must say something.this one will play on the lifetime network(i think that's where i saw it), but don't bother watching it, unless you are too bored for words. not that it will make you any more excitied...

the temp (1993) didn't do much theatrical business, but here's the direct-to-video rip-off you didn't want, anyway! ellen bradford (mel harris) is the new woman at millennium investments, a high scale brokerage firm, who starts getting helpful hints from wide-eyed secretary deidre (sheila kelley). deidre turns out to be an ambitious daddy's girl who will stop at nothing to move up the corporate ladder, including screwing a top broker she can't stand and murdering anyone who gets on her bad side. she digs up skeletons in ellen's closet, tries to cause problems with her husband (barry bostwick), kills while making it look like she is responsible, kidnaps her daughter and tries to get her to embezzle money from the company.harris and kelley deliver competent performances, the supporting cast is alright and it's reasonably well put-together, but that doesn't fully compensate for a script that travels down a well-worn path and offers few surprises.

an actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, and this film is no exception.but worse than that, even by 1982 standards this is so bad, it's hysterically funny. filmed entirely in the chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff, wooden, and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater. noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly bad, very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic. scenes are contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.i do believe it's possible to make a christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but too often the creators of such films are so focused on 'the message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside. (i'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) luckily, michael madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one.

poor michael madsen; he must be kicking himself to know folks have found out about this horrible flick. i really can't think of anything worse i have ever seen, except amateur porn. it's that bad, and all here; wooden acting, bad script, crappy moral ending, you hate it and it is in this movie.my question is: "who the hell put $$$ into this piece of doggy doo? at least we could have seen michael's sister virginia nude in a scene, but i don't think even that would save this stinker...for a cool guy that has made some exception movies, i want to know what wacky church sponsored this piece of crapola.

i picked this dvd up at the dollar store. the dvd was on the 2 for $1 rack, but since it had michael madsen in it, i thought that since i had never seen the movie, i bought it anyway.i must say that i didn't like the movie. the movie played more like a documentary or an advertisement for religion than anything else. i found that the director's use of flashbacks did not add to the story line for me. i would have preferred to view the story line in chronological order.i won't throw it away like one of the other commentators, but it may be quite awhile before i would consider watching this movie again.who knows, since it was michael madsen's film debut, maybe it might have some archival value at some future date.

i am a huge michael madsen fan, so needless to say, i bought this movie without even renting it or anything... this movie was so horrible, i didn't even take it back to the store, i wouldn't want anyone else to be subjected to this human poison, i just threw it in the trash, never mind the money, it was worth the price to be able to throw it away. the acting wasn't that bad, it wasn't good or anything. the story was horrible, and the ending was something i despise. he was a broken man, alcoholic. his life was a bunch of junk. i thought his horse, peanuts, was an awful device to show his childhood innocence, a dog would have been much much better. i also hate religion, so this ending without a doubt angered me. jesus heals all... i hate that i know people just like this that are huge christians and catholics, and time will show that god doesn't heal all, or anything. it was a horrible movie, if u have the option to see it, pass, or better yet buy it, or rent it, and throw it in the garbage, and leave the coffee grounds on it in the morning

definitely an odd debut for michael madsen. madsen plays cecil moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. he goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. the preacher teaches cecil to respect the word of god and have jesus in his heart. that makes everything all better. ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. the fact that this "film" looks as if it was made with about $500 certainly doesn't help. 1/10

against all hope is a very poorly made, sometimes painfully so, movie. this is michael madsen's first movie, and it shows, he isn't that good in it. some people might find the story laughable; an alcoholic realizes his life and family are falling apart so he calls a preacher as a last resort for help. after telling the preacher his story, he accepts jesus christ into his heart. i actually found many of the religious scenes, as when cecil moe (madsen) goes to a church but walks away from it, pretty realistic. i also liked how cecil knows his life is breaking apart and tries to get help, but realizes only god can help him. at the end he realizes with the help of god he can go through life without drinking again.this movie is not well made at all. the acting is bad, the script could use some work, and looks worse than my home videos, but it has a good message. now, just because you become a christian doesn't mean you will automatically be able to stop an addiction or heal your broken family, and cecil realizes this and works hard to stay on track. overall, if your a christian you will appreciate how this movie portrays christianity and if you aren't, you may find yourself being called to find out more about the faith.

here's how you do it: believe in god and repent for your sins. then things should turn around within the next day or so. until the last fifteen minutes, this movie just plays as a bad recap of a drunk's crappy life. his mom dies. his stepmom's a b_tch. his dad dies. he drinks. he gets married. he has kids. he drinks some more. his wife gets mad. he disappoints his kids. the wife threatens to leave. he calls up a reverend late night b/c he wants to kill himself. then after the recap happens, that's when we get the "left behind"-like subtle message."he needed a paycheck". this is the phrase i had to repeat over and over once credits started to roll so i wouldn't lose my respect for madsen.madsen drops to his knees and begs christ's forgiveness. once he does, he walks outside and actually says that he sees the world in a different way. he tells his wife that he's found god and that's good enough for her. flip scene four months and the wife is tired of going to church. end the movie as madsen walks by the bar and gives a soliloquy about how happy he is with christ and without alcohol. final moment? he gives a little dismissive wave to the bar (i.e. sin house) and give a gay, miami-vice, after-school special congratulatory jump in the air as the camera freeze-frames. see why i had to repeat the phrase? "he needed a paycheck".man this movie is bad. the b-grade 80's production values don't help much. the script could have easily been a "touched by an angel" episode. it could have been knocked out in 30 minutes plus commercials. the acting is wooden and never believable. even madsen, of whom i'm a big fan and is the sole reason i sat through this, makes it clear that this is his first acting job and he doesn't know his a$$ from his elbow yet on camera. 45 minutes into it i started to get discouraged. this thing was like homework. i just wanted to put it away and say that alright, i saw half of it. that's good enough. but no. if i sat through cheerleader ninjas, i could sit throughout this.the only reason i'm not giving this thing a 1 is for two points: 1) i love madsen. i know it's not fair. but it's great seeing the opening title "introducing michael madsen". sue me. 2) some of the dialogue is so bad that it's classic. i'll stick some quotes at the end of this so you can enjoy them too.that's about it. to wrap it up ,this thing is a piece of crap that should stay flushed with the rest of the turds. but hey! look! michael madsen! (see also tilt, executive target, my boss's daughter, etc). now i've gotta rewatch reservoir dogs and watch madsen torture a cop to get my respect back for him. see ya, kids."this stuff's gonna make me go blind, but i'm gonna drink it anyway" - madsen's first taste of cheap alcohol"i don't understand! everything seems so beautiful!" - madsen walking outside after confessing to god"i'm going downtown later and pick up a bible and i'm gonna get a haircut too" - madsen after converting at the dinner table, because satan lives in your hair

in a summer that also boasted such repugnant stinkers as snakes on a plane and the da vinci code, that's a pretty bold statement. but i stand by it nonetheless. superman returns, like king kong 6 months before it, is overlong, hyper-indulgent and with cgi up to the eyeballs. my god, this stuff is doing my head in.richard donner had the idea of 'keep it real' for his 2 outings. and i do find his approach to the special and optical effects to be the most appropriate. brian singer bombards us with so much cgi that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you are watching a wannabe blockbuster that thinks that the only way to impress an audience is to spend $250 million (a totally irresponsible amount of money) on obnoxious visual effects that don't live up to the hype. we've seen everything and been everywhere that cgi can take us. there's no real atmosphere or involvement in this. and for a film that is 95% made up of this crap...well you figure it out.i've read so many reviews from fanboy critics about how the movie has 'soul' or 'a human heart' or 'tender character moments'. puh-lease! we've already had brooding superheros silently screaming 'you'd love me if you knew who i am' dozens of times already in recent years and sr offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. even the plot is recycled garbage. lex luthor (a seriously mis-cast and hammy kevin spacey) plotting to destroy the landmass of america was done in the first film already! and, well...that's your lot! it's amazing that they managed to draw out this junk to 2.5 painful hours! even if the cast were likable it would make it less unbearable. but brandon routh has the on screen personality of a mahogany hat-stand, kate bosworth is completely unconvincing as a pulitzer prize-winning journalist, james marsden is 250% wooden, as usual and kevin spacey really needs to either fire his agent or acquire some better judgement. the only cast member i liked was the lovely parker posey. but i'm into weird-looking girls.every year films like this get bigger and more bombastic. pretty soon we'll have $300 million films. studios need to realise that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. for all the money that warner spent on this pile of crap, for all the resources that this movie cost to make...was it worth it? in my opinion, certainly not! this garbage has put me of superman for life!

in my eyes this is almost the perfect example of hollywood ego, only beaten by the new king kong movie. superman is the original super hero and deserves to be treated with respect even though he wears tights. brandon routh was the worst superman i've ever seen, from the start of the movie u just wanna shove a chunk of kryptonite down his throat. he looks just silly wearing the costume. but enough about him, kate bosworth was a bad choise for lois lane, she is supposed to be a hard ass reporter, but in this movie she looks more like a schoolgirl. the plot was weak and predictable (wow, he is actually supermans son, who would have ever thought....) and the acting was horrible. this movie has one good thing going for it, and it's name is kevin spacey. his portrayal of lex luthor was brilliant but even he could not save this movie. what this movie needed was the cast of "lois and clark" (except kevin spacey of course) and a different story. i watched this movie after watching "the hills have eyes" and i was chocked to learn that there existed worse movies then that.

after a long period in the space, looking for the remains of planet krypton, superman (brandon routh) returns to earth. he misses lois lane (kate bosworth), who got married and has a son with richard white (james marsden). meanwhile, lex luthor (kevin spacey) plots an evil plan, using crystals he stole from the fortress of solitude, to create a new land and submerge the usa.after so many delightful movies of superman with the unforgettable christopher reeve, or tv shows like "lois and clark" (and teri hatcher) or "smallville", a great expectation was created for the return of superman in this bryan singer's version. unfortunately, the awful story is too long and boring, with many unnecessary parts, lack of emotion and overrated in imdb. in addition, the romance between lois lane and superman is something shamefully ridiculous. the twenty-two years old actress kate bosworth is wrongly miscast, playing the role of a mature reporter and experienced mother of a five years old boy. brandon routh is two years younger than tom welling, who plays a teenager clark kent in "smallville". the character of parker posey, kitty kowalski, is actually a silly caricature. last but not the least and in spite of being a terrific lex luthor, kevin spacey is forty-five years old, therefore older and older than the rest of the lead cast. the corny conclusion looks like a soap opera and is terrible. my vote is four.title (brazil): "superman returns"

as a long-time fan of superman from the comics, through the 1950s series, the first two of the chris reeves films and lois & clark, and finally smallville, i was *really* hoping for something clever with "superman returns".instead we got lex luthor making *another* attempt at real-estate conversion, another superman-beaten-up-while-wearing-kryptonite sequence, and internal inconsistencies: he couldn't stop himself falling into the ocean when stuck with 6" of kryptonite, but when lois breaks off 3" of it, *leaving the rest embedded in him*, he can lift *a continent* into space?? really, the only hero in the story was lois' partner - i can't remember his name off-hand. he did all kinds of life-saving, heroic things with nothing but guts and skill - no superpowers, no invulnerability...just a normal human.they keep making superman so small. why can't we have superman battling brainiac or fighting to save the universe from general zod instead of lex's petty schemes. oh, i forgot...they're doing that in smallville.yeah...i think i'll stick to smallville...you probably should, too...

it really doesn't matter that superman comic books are unbelievably naive and their target is ten year old. what matters is that "superman returns" is bad movie. in the beginning,a question for you dear readers, how many of you actually believe that superman will be defeated by bald kevin spacey? anyone? just as i thought. no spoilers here. so let's get to some major issues right now.firstly, this movie looks like commercial (scene in the bar with superman/clark kent drinking budweiser is only scene which looks as it supposed to). imagine commercial of superman, two and half hour long. let's be serious this isn't "amadeus" or "the departed". you actually feel, that this movie is way too long. and special effects are not so special by the way.secondly, scenario is silly. sometimes even if something is acceptable in comic, in cinema it looks just stupid. and it's like that in this case. of course dialogs are disgrace. i can't believe somebody took money to write them. how many times we will be fed with villain making speeches? how many times laws of physics will be raped? (jesus, it's not only the matter of superman's strength but also a resistance of materials his dealing with.) how many times lois lane will be fooled by kent? how many times hollywood producers will seek for a story in a trashy comic books? since there's hard to make a good story, why having a weak story for a starter? it just doesn't work. guys, get a grip. try harder, please. or just stay on this strike forever, who cares. i got the feeling that wga is permanently on strike. no offense. i'm not questioning the lame money those people are paid, but the quality of the product they deliver. in this case there is no quality at all. (at this point you may ask yourself: is it that bad? yes it is.)thirdly, acting is weak, which is quite a surprise since bryan singer (usual suspects) is directing. kevin spacey is having fun, but he's the only one. audience is rather not in the mood for jokes. thing is that comic book hero can be developed into real personality, with clear motivations but also with doubts, fears, some depth. in this case nobody did that job, and characters aren't really interesting.finally, whole effort of creators turns this movie into parody. second unit is so bad that attracts attention, since there's nothing interesting going on on screen anyway. the harder they try (if they try), the funnier it gets (but it isn't laugh you could expect).final conclusion? one word: shame. this particular movie, ladies and gents, is camp. don't waste your time and don't waste your money too. stay home, read a book.

at the beginning i was happy to know about a new superman movie , i though that will be great but it wasn't.is a bad copy of the richard donner work,lex is again a villain that makes no more else , even played by kevin spice.the evil plan is the same of the first movie of donner just a lot forced.the script is predictable and simple (all stuff luthor finds in a museum or an old lady).the story is the wrong thing , it must be the kevin smith script and may be it could be better.i just hope a sequel without brian singer and with a new talent director to do something new and not a copy.all read you later

i usually don't walk out of a movie, but halfway thru i did. this movie promised something different, but i kept thinking haven't i seen that before? spoiler alert! back in 1, the spaceship crashes and lands on earth, well, all these years later, with a super adult on board no less, this thing still manages to burn up and crash! what, this advanced civilization can't seem to develop landing gear? for an industry that's so liberal, we get to see another woody allen movie, no blacks please! superman runs around saving people, making sure he sticks to europe and the us, don't go into darkie areas please. maybe i could stomach this about 30 years ago, but now now.

...this would be the worst film i'd ever seen. hmmm, ok maybe tied with boogeyman then. awful, truly awful.i had low expectations and it failed to meet them! i honestly cant think of one good thing. so here are the worst points...1. the acting 2. the plot 3. the cgi (xbox 360 has better graphics....seriously) 4. the plot 5. the dialogue and finally.... 6. the plot there are so many unanswered questions, did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put lex luthor and superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!was half the budget spent on persuading kevin spacey to do it?when superman goes to hospital, why don't the doctors ask "what the f*** do you want us to do?! he's a f***ing alien! we don't know jack about his anatomy!"? what happened in the 5 years superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?and finally, why? just, why? btw, for those of you wondering how come superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite, i think i've figured it out......since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks, it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....either that or the writers are slack-jawed half-wits who didn't think that was a fairly obvious mistake.

or: it's a bird ? it's a plane ? no, look... it's a disaster ! or: no need to look up in the sky.or: (... ok, that's enough.) if singer tried to make a romantic titanic like movie to crash the box office record, he failed. the sr structure can't do this, the dark and restricted color scheme (i would call it "wishi-washi"), the boring usual dialogs, the clown with advanced alien technology, the missing fun and magic, etc. makes the movie completely disappointing.it simply doesn't work.the main thing at a character like superman is, that he is a superhero. that's the core, the most important thing.love trouble and a sadly lost depressive supersoftie can maximal only be a facet in a 2:40 long superman movie, not the whole time.because then it is not a superman or superhero movie anymore. it's like a (and in this case a very bad and boring) social study, where every 30 minutes a person flies around.that's a big difference.this movie is a joke. holy skywalker, this is superman, so give us supervillains, superaction and the most important thing, superfun.we want entertainment ! singer, if you want to make a 2:40 long soul love trouble drama about lost and sadly people ? then take normal human characters and make a yentl remake.they say: superman returns. and then, supersadlysoftie stands in the door.maybe singer has tried to kill the legend without kryptonite, but one bad movie can't do this. don't give up, they plan a sequel...next time singer (and warner brothers), make a superhero movie, not a depressive superlame soap, or let it be. a superhero movie means a colorful fantasy with a lot of fun and magic.this movie is like a very cheap chocolate box with a super cover. yes, technically there are all sorts in, yes, there is a lot of small talks, there are a few jokes, a view action scenes, etc, but the only one what all these worse pieces have in common is their poor quality.it's not more than a super boring patchwork and one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my live.the ridiculous cast strategy (cast them young as possible, so we can make sequels in the next 25 years) gives the rest. kate bosworth plays a 22 year old star reporter, she's looking like 19. superman was full five years away, so he slept with her 6 years ago, so she was 16, (looking like 13) and a daily planet reporter, wroting "i spend a night with superman". warner brothers, that's too much.routh is not so bad, he is playing a little bit wooden, but the whole movie is wooden, so... ?! temporary good were marsden and sometimes posey. the rest, forget it. even spacey, this is not his terrain.reeve/hackman/kidder were acting so easy, with fun. what a difference.the jesus poses at the end are ridiculous too. what the hell should that be ? the problem here is, they mean this serious, not as a joke. next time spiderman or batman or ironman falls and rises like jesus or angels ? or they speak with god directly. why not ? they are superheroes, saving human lives every day. so at least one talk with god every week should be possible... oh my god.maybe this was not the real announced movie, instead it is from a bizarre dull parallel universe.for the warner brothers this superlame depressive flick will be possibly the greatest disaster in history. not only because of the money.i understand how difficult it (maybe) was to create and transport some messages or feelings, but showing lone, lost and sadly people isn't new and thousands of movies or tv-shows did it better, in very old or new ones like magnolia. and the flying frogs there were more impressive than this flying superwoman, sorry, superman of course.singer and wb, that's simply nothing. in fact it's even more than nothing, it's like a black hole that destroys the passion for (comic/superhero) movies and steals us three hours of our life.mrs. smilla's little brother. (very angry and green like the hulk.)

did the movie-makers even preview this before they released it? the script jumps from place to place without giving much explanation. the beginning doesn't clarify if its a prequel or not. it starts with superman's beginnings on earth and then jumps to a point after the last movie - but doesn't really alert the viewer of this. very confusing! superman himself is weak and in need of prozac. he is portrayed as a potential home-wrecker, a stalker, and someone who is clearly depressed and confused. this type of character rarely makes for an interesting hero. the ending is absolutely ridiculous. superman ending up in a hospital just made me want to kill him off myself. i'm seriously waiting for a snl skit where superman appears on maury povich and maury says, "the results are in - in the case of the child, superman, you are the father." to sum up - ok acting by this superman and kevin spacey, but horrible script. the movie is basically unwatchable.

this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme. i used to love superman movies, but this one made me want to shoot myself. very poor acting, outrageous special effects, and a plot equal to zero. to summarize : superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (duh) , doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving (duh again), takes off in a spaceship (?!?),comes back i think 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now razing his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). and what about that lex luthor ? trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? please !!i vote 1 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 0. if you have anything else to do with your time, don't go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, stay home and watch tv !

this movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological. i stood and watched everyone waddle out of the theater, their faces drained like their lives flashed before their eyes -- eyes wandering at their neighbor, wondering if it was just them. i mean, how could the movie really be bad. nobody'll admit it, it's a classic case of the emperor wears no clothes. "who am i to question a movie containing a guy who stops a jet liner?" but the fact remains, every member of the audience is thinking what i'm writing right now. i actually plagiarized their faces.obviously lois is only aroused by power, she won't even have a cup of coffee with the superman with glasses who doesn't stop jet liners. it can't be the look in "his" eyes to the depths of his soul or anything like that. in the old supermans, she had some level of connection with him, he wasn't priority number 1, obviously, but it strengthened her character that she was "torn". i bet henry kissinger would have even won this lois over before clark kent.and now it's official, kryptonite does to superman what eating at mcdonalds does to the avg. person.superman "one" he loses his earth dad, then finds his real super dad, the story is captivating every step of the way. he's human, he relates to people and he feels love for people, he relates to highschool students, he relates to people who feel different. he relates. the superman returns superman seems to relate only to superpeople and it seems he's just "doing a job" when he's saving people.there's something about clark that lois likes, she's really internally in love with him but can't admit it, and when he comes into the picture as superman, it throws a kink in the on-the-rocks love. without superman, she would've fallen in love with clark (at least that's what the movie points to, whether it was the intention or not). superman returns is a love story between a woman and superman, clark is like a pile of horse maneur to lois. literally.superman two i just watched it again. as a kid, i "thought" i enjoyed the action, but now i know it was the story that held me then too, watching it over and over again. if i saw superman returns as a child, i would've hated it then too, i think.there is so much heart and soul and superpower going around in this movie, it's sick. superman gives up his powers for love as a world plot is going on and meanwhile, meanwhile, lex luther's got something fantastic up his sleeve.superman three now there's a three-way love story between superman and lana and clark, only humanity wins and clark's inner nature beats superman's power, because when his supermoral nature is gone and he's superhuman (who does human things with his superpowers), she sees it's not the power of superman that she's in love with, it's not superpowerman, but supermortalman that she loves -- and who's really super. and when she tells clark she "prefers" him to superman, he is elated, he has made a human connection again. he wants to be accepted for who he is, not just for his ability to bend steel. this is the kind of stuff that's missing from superman returns.clark super-sneezes to help the kid get a strike - humanity again. plus, it's an ineresting use of superpowers. he's not just using straight brute strength.he crushes the coal into a diamond for his woman because she had to sell hers, love is the only thing that drives him to use his powers other than for saving.it seems there's nothing at stake in superman returns. even in superman three, we see the damages caused by the nemesis' world domination plot.. we see suffering, we see how it effects pryor and others and people in the middle of it.. there's no damage, esp. emotional from lex's plot to sink the us. we see a glob of crystal thrown into space.. superman had to get very creative in the first three supermans in order to stop the plot against him, he couldn't just "access" his superpowers. in the first one, he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase history to save lois' life... (this was thirty years ago!!") in the second one, he had to outsmart three guys that he was already more powerful than, but combined with lex's genius, and the villains' immoral tactics, superman's overpowering wasn't enough, he had to work one against the other and outsmart them... in superman iii, again, his superpowers weren't enough to win.. he had to outsmart a computer that calculated everything it saw. he couldn't use straight aggression on the computer because it calculated it in advance, so he had to use a benign acid that would only become deadly to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression. and he found that acid earlier when he couldn't simply use his superpowers to blow out a fire because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his superbrains -- he couldn't carry water, so he froze a lake and dropped it on the fire.. now in superman returns, he simply lunges the island into outerspace, like a night temp for ups. he doesn't need to figure anything out, he just uses his "super strength". and lex luther's brilliance was shown at the premeditation level of a junkie who just ran out of junk.to say nothing of the fact that he threw that island into outerspace after getting stabbed with a knife of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream and the island itself was dripping kryptonite spores in his face, but he just averted his eyes and nose like it wasn't grey poupon he was looking at.

i saw the movie last night and i really wanted to like it. my expectations for the movie had been going up and down ever since i heard it was being made. some days i'd see something spectacular and some days i'd be disappointed.yet being the kind of fan i am, i had high hopes for this movie but in the end i was sorely disappointed.while i love the richard donner movies i didn't like their sometimes campy nature or the changes they made to superman's character and his powers.singer however chose to take the worst elements of the donner movies and put them in his version.while his lex luthor is slightly darker he's still nothing more than a shyster, a conman and a common criminal. he's no more intelligent than when gene hackman played him. kevin spacey does his best to play luthor well but ultimately he falls victim to shoddy writing and unremarkable dialog.his henchmen are more two dimensional than even comic book henchmen. most of them literally have no dialog in the movie.****spoilers ahead**** kitty kowalski is almost exactly the same character as ms. tesmacher. she seems to be as evil and cold as lex luthor but she proves to be just an underling who melts after seeing superman in trouble and quite predictably betrays luthor.the biggest disappointment in the movie was frank langella as perry white. i wasn't a huge fan of the over the top perry white in the donner movies but at least he had a soul. he was after all said and done, a veteran reporter who cared about the truth and a good story. langella's perry white is nothing but a corporate stooge. he wants everyone to concentrate on the superman related stories because they sell papers even though every other paper is doing the same thing. he doesn't care about the real stories, the real mysteries like the black out and what lex luthor is up to now that he's out of prison.the worst thing about langella is that he's dull! some actors can be quiet and sober and yet have an undercurrent that lets you know that still waters run deep. frank langella is puddle.brandon routh is not a bad actor. he's ok but again there is not a single memorable line in the whole movie. not the actor's fault. his movements are clearly meant to look graceful, like even the slightest movement of his fingers effects the way he flies. but it still looks choreographed and artificial.lois lane while badly written was surprisingly well acted by kate bosworth. unfortunately, again, for a pulitzer prize winning journalist and writer, she is about as eloquent as any teenage on dawson's creek.james marsden was my favorite actor in the whole movie, mostly because he looks more like superman than even routh. without any superpowers he manages to figure out lois lane's message, flies a plane to the location, gets on board luthor's yacht and rescues lois and her son.the only moving moment in the movie is when they are all trapped pantry as it is flooding with water and the ship is sinking. you see them slowly going being immersed in the water. you know superman's going to come by at the last moment to rescue them but still you can't help but feel sorry for them.as i said before the plot is very haphazard. unlike singer has said, this is not a movie about a superhero returning and trying to find his place in the world. as soon as he returns the world welcomes him back with open arms. lois is the only one who's not happy to see him back. even luthor is happy to have superman back because it gives him a chance to settle the score with the man of steel.superman is shown to be probably one of the dumbest heroes in the universe. a big green piece of meteorite is stolen from a museum, lex luthor is out of prison, he now has knowledge about superman's powers and weaknesses, and yet he's still not able to connect the dots enough to know luthor would be using kryptonite against him.according to the movie the only thing superman is good for is lifting really, really heavy things. the action sequences are all incredibly predictable.

i guess this movie is a fitting tribute to the first superman film,as it is just as crummy and painfully long as the original.after an opening scene consisting solely of murky intergalactic visuals, the credits pay homage to the even-crummy-looking-for-their-time futuristic sweeping credits of the original superman film.then there is some more murky stuff. ma kent sees some kind of murky ruckus on the farm, and spends a good portion of my life slowly walking up to some debris in the cornfield. then superman sneaks up on her and faints.next we catch up with lex luthor in a scene about many murky close-ups of an old lady as she dies. we don't see luthor's face until the end of the scene, an early instance of the film's drive to leave no hackneyed stone unturned. lex luthor is a guy who doesn't like superman because he is not human. also, he probably doesn't like humans either, as the movie occasionally features some kind of plot about lex luthor planning to kill most of earth's population.after a while, clark kent shows up back at his old job (i forgot to mention, he had been away on a five year trip where nothing happened). then he finds out lois lane has an illegitimate kid and is dating cyclops. it upsets him so much that he loses control of his super strength to such an extent that he accidentally breaks a picture frame.at this point we see that miss lane is on some kind of jet attached to some kind of space shuttle. it is some kind of important event on account of it is on television. then we learn that there are people in a control room monitoring this event. there are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit. the film then reminds us that these people are involved by cutting between them for most of the summer.as the events leading up to the inevitable disaster started to build, i excused myself to get a soda. i accidentally walked back into the wrong theater and watched that movie about al gore showing slides in its entirety. i tried to find my way back to superman returns, but i somehow wandered into prairie home companion, which i watched twice in a row. then it was time to stop messing around.i walked back into the first theater, found my seat, and looked up to see that the impending lois lane space shuttle disaster was almost upon us. still, it seemed to be taking forever, so i wandered around the theater, met a girl, got married, raised a son and sent him off to college. while attending my son's medical school graduation, i remembered that i should probably check in on superman returns, so i excused myself and raced back to the theater only to learn there was no need to hurry. it still took about another half hour before things went wrong for space shuttle lane. when they did, superman saved everybody, which was pretty cool.. and then there is a a subplot where superman turns really creepy and starts stalking lois lane and her family with his x-ray vision and super-hearing. then he tries to get her to cheat on cyclops, who seems like a good guy.meanwhile, lex luthor is involved in some kind of contest to display every possible generic villain behavior before the end of the movie. i forgot to bring my scorecard home with me (they give you one at the door), but i think he scored damn close to one hundred percent. i hope he wins the million dollars.at this point, things start to gear up for the big murky finale. i think maybe the projector was broken, on account of the movie seemed to be in some kind of loop for a while here. i remember seeing murky things growing out of the water, superman getting sick, superman getting better, back to the murky things, he's sick again, no wait, he's okay again.then lex luthor unleashed his final bad guy move: yelling at his girlfriend a little bit.then superman died and came back to life. i thought the movie was over, so i left.ninety years later, the nursing home where i lived felt a little chilly. i realized i left my sweatshirt back in the theater, and i went to retrieve it. when i did, i was slightly surprised to find that superman returns wasn't over yet. i tried to ask some of the viewers what i missed, but most of them were only skeletons with long gray beards by now.i sat back in my old seat and watched as lois lane puttered around her house for a while. then superman showed up and started quoting the beginning of the movie, and since i already saw that part i thought it was okay to leave.so that is my review of superman returns.oh, also, if you like jokes about people eating dogs or jokes about one dog eating another dog, you will love this movie. on account of there are two jokes like that in it.

special effects? good.script? terrible. no plot. no depth. no meaning. this film rendered superman as a meaningless hero, a hero with no archetype. in the original film, he represented america in the cold war. here, he represented nothing but a hulk.sure, the actors were fine. kevin spacey was a fine choice, among others.this still does not resolve the problem that this film had no depth whatsoever. i cannot see how anyone can come away with anything meaningful from this film, when superman was, and is, daily created to be a meaningful hero in not only comics but also in people's minds. this was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken.just a few instances: lex luthor could have been a villain of global corporatism, political domination, totalitarianism, and on and on and on. he was just another goofball hackman incarnation.and superman? for what did he stand in this film? nothing but another hack "savior" figure.wait until it comes to the dollar theater if you see it at all.

first, let me just comment on what i liked about the movie. the special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did i feel like i was watching a video game. there, that is the last nice thing i have to say about this film. in fact, i would just like everyone reading this to take note that i can't even put into words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. i have innumerable complaints about the film, but four major complaints jump to mind. my first major complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of the "plot twist" (if you can call it that since most people probably saw it coming a mile away) where lois's 5 year-old son turns out to be the super-powered child of superman. when the crying super-child throws a piano at lex's henchman to save his mother, i almost got up and left the theater. singer could have made a much better superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child. it's been 5 days since i saw the movie and i still want to vomit. my next major complaint has to do with the fact that superman lifts a continent made out of kryptonite up into outer space. it doesn't take comic book guy from the simpsons to point out what's wrong with that. i don't know how many comic books brian singer has read, but when superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. whoever had the idea to have him fly a large island made out of his greatest weakness into space has no business being associated with any superman-related projects ever again. the concept is as ridiculous as making a dracula movie where the title character has a stake through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of garlic into the sun. why not just have superman eat kryptonite? he can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. that's not any more absurd then having him hoist a continent of kryptonite into space and then fall powerless through the atmosphere without burning up in re-entry or splattering all over central park when he hits the ground. my third major complaint has to do with the fact that singer slaps movie-goers across the face with religious symbolism the entire movie. i have to take issue with his characterization of superman as the only son of a god-like jor-el sent to earth to be a savior. jor-el wasn't all-wise, he was just a scientist. and he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him in a rocket and hurriedly fired it into space because his planet was about to explode. i'll buy the christ allegory if brian singer can show me the part in the bible where god sends christ to earth because heaven was about to explode, and then radioactive pieces of heaven become christ's primary weakness. furthermore, the "crucifixion" scene where luthor stabs superman in the side with a kryptonite "spear" just makes me want to slam my face into a brick until i'm too brain-dead to notice the brazenly obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be tainting the man of steel for the foreseeable future. they might as well rename this movie "superman returns: the passion of the christ."and speaking of luthor, my last major complaint has to do with singer's depiction of lex luthor. lex luthor is a shrewd, cold-hearted business tycoon who is more apt to run for president (which he does in the comics) than try to destroy the world. the man wants money and power; he wants to be in charge, not wreck everything. yet the luthor we see superman returns, as well as all the previous superman movies, is a wacky theatrical dunce who comes up with zany schemes to destroy the world. if singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the (quite awful) previous superman movies, this film might not be such an unbearable travesty. maybe singer's next project can be a batman movie where he focuses on the interpretation of batman from 1960s tv show. zam! whap! pow!!to summarize, i don't know what i hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to be giving it good reviews. everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you don't hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. i sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you haven't already. don't see it, don't buy it when it comes out on dvd, don't rent it...basically don't contribute any money towards it in any way. this movie does not deserve to make any money. in fact, i think that for every person that sees this movie, bryan singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. if you're a superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and have someone kick you in the balls and you'll get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.

along with 2 days in the valley, i think this is one of worst movies i've ever seen. just another of the long line of tarantino rip-offs that have emerged since pulp fiction. the atmosphere the movie creates is amusing for the first five minutes, but then the film makers make the unforgivable mistake of allowing unnecessary and grotesque violence to up the "hip" quotient. you're better off skipping this one.

like most people i love "a christmas story". i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason--it is awful. same locale, same narrator, same director but the warm fuzziness of the original was lacking. charles grodin was a poor choice to replace darrin mcgavin but i cannot imagine anyone being able to replace him. the story seems forced and lacks the sweetness of the original. the interaction with the neighbors, the bumpuses, is ridiculous. in "a christmas story" ralphie's obsession with the bb gun seems cute but his obsession in this movie is boring. scud farkus, the original neighborhood bully, is replaced in this film by yet another kid with braces and a weird hat but with little of the scud farkus menacing appeal. it would be pretty difficult to equal the original, even if this movie had been made with the original crew.

et's obsession with dannielynn smith is despicable. leave the child alone. with all the constant attention she'll most likely grow up psychotic, depressed or worse. think of princess diana and how she longed for privacy. now poor little rich girl ashley olson just wants to be left alone. no wonder greta garbo became a recluse and said "i want to be alone". how much does et make off this little girl? does et not have anything better to report on? i bet there's lots of people who really don't care what color her birthday cake and balloons were. by the way, i never heard that anna nichole ever won any of those court cases over the will and her inheritance. who is paying for the lifestyle of larry, howard and little dannielynn? could it be et?

this show is unbelievable in that . . . what it represents and what it focuses on and . . . words cannot describe how insane et is. they will report anything. if a celebrity is even remotely indirectly connected to the story et will report on it. if a dog poop in the tom cruise's yard they will report on it. if a celebrity dies . . . they will talk about it for weeks on end to the point where the public envy that celebrity. if a celebrity is on trial . . . et will report it for months on end. there is no end to what this show will reports and no time frame that dictates how long they will focus on a story. is it even considered legitimates reporting? the reports are so dang annoying too, with harsh rambling voices and end with an unnecessary pause to convey a sense of important. i cannot watch this show without questioning humanity's existence. et is one big reason i avoid pre-evening shows in general. i regret that imdb can only allow a minimum of one star rating and not zero or even in the negatives. for this show deserve -10 stars.

entertainment tonight has been going down hill for the last few years, but as of last night (aug 17th 2006) they reached a new low.in an effort to try to hype up their broadcast, they decided to post actual photos of jonbenet ramsey's body in their teasers last night ...saying "pictures from the case you have never seen before". the two photos were graphic and very disturbing. one was of the side of her face and head/neck and you could clearly see the cord that was used to strangle her around her neck, and bruising on her face. this was so hideously awful, i could not believe it. how has this got to do with anything remotely related to hollywood entertainment?? nothing!! they have dropped their level of dignity and values to a new low....and it shows. this used to be the premiere show to watch...and it's just garbage now.i will watch access hollywood from now on.

apparently none of the previous reviewers,most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, have actually read a biography of louis pasteur.the most glaring inaccuracy is in the relationship between pasteur and napoleon iii.back in the 1930's the latter was invariably shown in a bad light.while far from an admirable character-he was an inept politician and a self-appointed "military genius" who allowed france to be dragged into a disastrous war,he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here. he had an intelligent interest in science,and like many other people in the 19th century saw a bright future because of the improvements it would bring.far from exiling pasteur, he was his patron,building him a laboratory and providing him with all the resources that he needed for his research.while the lab was under construction, pasteur became gravely ill.a bureaucrat, deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered work halted on his own authority.when the emperor heard about this, his outrage shook the bureaucracy so that there was a flurry of buck-passing, and work promptly resumed.the emperor personally visited pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would get his lab.the emperor would often bring members of his court to admire pasteur's projects,and it was obvious to everyone that pasteur was one of the emperor's favorites.pasteur's main worry concerning the emperor was that napoleon thought pasteur was virtually a miracle worker who could do almost anything, and was constantly assigning him tasks outside of his previous experience.pasteur, a very modest man, was always protesting this, but napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him,and pasteur despite his misgivings, always came through.they always had a close and friendly relationship,and after the emperor was overthrown, pasteur refused to say a bad word about him,grateful to the end of his life.the part about his daughter having the baby, and pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor, never happened.the part about the anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally correct, but the notion that the anthrax experiment raised him from obscurity to fame is false.he was famous and respected at the time this happened.this movie is ok from a dramatic standpoint,but very distorted as biography.

another vast conspiracy movie that tries to blame the us government and the armed forces (especially the army) for every disaster since the great flood. anyone who has ever served time in the us military can see how bogus this film is. uniforms, equipment, sets, and mannerisms are all wrong. (and of course, all senior officers are either corrupt criminals or total idiots.) blatant propaganda with no attempt at objectivity. most of the theories presented have been disproven over the past few years. uses every cliche', rumor, and urban legend from the gulf-all are presented as gospel. (the truth is, no one knows for sure why some gw vets are sick and others are healthy as horses.) ps this is not new. war is not fun and i know wwii, korean, and viet nam vets with some pretty serious ailments, too. (and the government has the responsibility to take care of all of them.) sensationalistic movies like this will not solve the problem!

what this movie fails from answering is how wrong this war is (and most us wars recently made only to get some oil).how many innocent civilian casualties there has been, how many lives perished and how blatantly stupid the perpetrators are.so, let me ask you - if american soldier kills women and children apart from enemy, its ok, but if government accidentally kills their own forces by deadly chemicals while killing many civilians as well, it is not? your logic fails, gentleman.i'll give it 5 for the solid performance and 1 to everything else, 3 in total.

the thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round. thumbtanic wasn't as good as thumb wars for a number of reasons. primarily, i think, mr oedekerk had far less to work with in the titanic send-up. unlike star wars, the movie titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.in thumbtanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything. for example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the "jump off end of ship" scene - it's not funny. rather, you just think to yourself, "did i miss something in the original movie?". there were too many of these type of baseless jokes (cf. arachnid).by contrast, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go "faster" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be "faster" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. these sort of jokes meant something in the titanic context and lent meaningful humour to thumbtanic.the thumb "media", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. the props and sets and the cg animation are worthy of appreciation. overall, although thumbtanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end.

this was a movie that i hoped i could suggest to my american friends. but after 4 attempts to watch the movie to finish, i knew i couldn't even watch the damn thing to close. you are almost convinced the actual war didn't even last that long. other's will try to question my patriotism for criticizing a movie like this. but flat out, you can't go from watching saving private ryan to loc. forget about the movie budget difference or the audience - those don't preclude a director from making an intelligent movie. the length of the movie is not so bad and the fact that it is repetitive - they keep attacking the same hill but give it different names. i thought the loc was a terrible terrain - this hill looked like my backyard. the character development sequences (the soilders' flashbacks, looking back to their last moments, before being deployed) should have been throughout the movie and not just clumped into one long memory. to this day, i have yet to watch the ending. but there was a much better movie (not saying much) called border.

this film was the most longest film and the record breaking film for sure it had 30 actors after jaani dushman(2002) i guess no one had the guts to do something like thatthe film as the title suggests is based on the kargil war but the problem is there are too many characters and the romantic subplots and the songs of many characters are boringeven there are too many cinematic liberties like killing people with knifes, wonder which soldier does that?direction by jp dutta pales front of border music is okayamongst the huge cast ajay devgan stands tall, saif is very good in his part and also it's his first film with kareena, abhishek is likable manoj bajpai has his moments sanju is wasted, suneil is okay akshaye khanna does his part well rest are passable rani is good, esha is okay rest are passable

okay, i was bored and decided to see this movie. but i think the main thing that brought this movie down was that there would be a hour of footage, then basically that same hour repeated 4 times. it consists of 1. gathering the troops and discussing the attack plan, 2. flashbacks to the men's wives 3. the approach of the troops marching in a long line 4. men running up hill and shooting, usually the first getting shot in the head then 3 other men rescuing him. 5. defeat of the enemy and calling to base to tell of success 6. men flashing back to wives and singing 10 minute songs. that was the basic movie, and that same order of events happened about 4 or 5 times. and every time it did a flashback to the wives, it would show the man, then his wife and him. there were about 10 men or more who would have a flashback so this took up tons of time. other than that, the men couldn't kill their enemy except with either bayonets or grenades. i liked the music and there was a lot of action, though the action was repetitive. overall, i probably wouldn't see it again, but it wasn't too horrible.

there's nothing new for me to say: 4 hours of people dying over and over in the same hill. the cast was stellar, but unfortunately the producer/director/editor/god goofed. he should have eaten humble pie (if not for his own sake then for the men who died in kargil), hired one of these brilliant bollywood directors, hired a real scriptwriter, hired a real editor, hired a musician that wasn't related to him in some way (and who seemed to have listened to some bad version of "apocalypse now" on some cheap indian drug), hired a real professional crew, thrown away all the fireworks and told a real story. unfortunately he, like the bigwigs of the indian army, made decisions that were terrible for his actors, and terrible for his audience. we all died over and over. please don't do that again, sir! sushma kathmandu, nepalps: next time an indian director decides to glorify the gurkha regiment, i suggest he hire more than one nepali to represent the team. surely there are plenty of nepali men working in bombay--last count was 40,000 to half a million.

if you have seen very less films, this might be a big one for you. if you have seen lot of films, this is a joke. the acting of real heroes is portrayed very badly. not to mention, there are songs, there are lot of flashbacks, and most importantly, the fighting scenes are stupidily performed. new characters, good direction, would have done a better job, but since it contains all the bollywood heros/heroines, you can predict whats going to happen next. you do not feel sad when something happens, the emotions they protray is terrible, mainly because we have seen this actor in 1000 other hindi movies. it suppose to be a realistic movie, but it fails to show. there are times you wondering, you have thousands of army vehical filled with soldiers moving and the pakistanis are bombing at them and none of their bomb hits them. are the pakis really bad at aiming or the director made them look stupid? there were only a few characters acting that was very good, but as far it is concerned with plot, action, it is poorly directed. this movie could have been short if they took out songs, flashbacks, stick to the point.

storyline: the film spanning 4-odd hours covers in adequate details the happenings at the kargil sector near the loc in 1999 when the pakistani infiltrators had crossed the loc and had entered deep into the indian territory and the indian retaliation. to know more about the story, i would suggest readers to read the news-items pertaining to kargil.comment: if one is looking for a formula story in this movie, then one can be sure that it is absent. loc is a story of pure sacrifice, patriotism, courage and lots and lots of bullets and blood. the movie hall where i saw this film was full of whistles and cheers when the film shows indian bravery. movie audience seemed similar to audiences like in an india vs pak cricket match.watch the movie as a tribute to the army's sacrifice and for the characterization of the real-life war heroes (4 pvc honoured heroes) who have sacrificed their lives so that we could see this day. the movie has made a brilliant portrayal of the army who have battled all odds in rough weather conditions. the film's negatives are that it is too stretched and the songs are extremely boring.

loc could have been a very well made movie on how the kargil war was fought; it had the locations, the budget, and the skill to have been india's "saving private ryan" or "black hawk down". instead it come across as a bloated, 4 hour bore of trying to meld the war move with the masala movie. even the war scenes were terribly executed, using the same hill in all their battle scenes, and spending unnecessary time on casual talk. instead of trying to appeal to the indian public, a better movie would have been a to-the-book account of what happened at kargil (like "black hawk down") or even spending time on the militant point of view (like "tora, tora, tora"). even better, it could have used a competent director like ram gopal verma to write, direct and edit the film. until then, i'd like to see some one re-edit this film, with only the pertinent portions included; it would make the movie more watchable.

michael keaton has really never been a good actor; in the tim burton batman movies he always falls in the shadows of his great villains. here, he stars as a widowed husband that picks up radio frequencies that seems like is dead people that tries making contact with the living...well, this is supposed to be a pretty shocking thriller, but it really misses about every spot there is shocking you. because there's way too much stuff that ends up unexplained, undiscovered and uninteresting. so where's the shocking excitement when it all gets so bad movie made in the first place that white noise makes a fool out of itself? truly bad acting and horrifying edited, this movie is nothing to watch. michael keaton tries making a thriller comeback but ends up missing the target more than ever.

okay, i struggled to set aside the fact that in selling evp as real the movie was basically lying to me from the get-go. i reasoned that hell, i don't believe in vampires but i still liked dracula so i could live with this.however, even with that accepted the movie is just not very good. it's competently made and acted, but it doesn't really capture you at all. there are several "jump" moments, and i just looked at them and thought "yeah, i didn't expect that" without actually jumping in the slightest.also the resolution doesn't make sense. if the force behind this is capable of doing the things it seems to be, then why the hell does it need to use a proxy? plus, the end caption was absurd. they obviously put it there as part of the "give the movie credibility by claiming it's all real" thing, but for that to work it really needs to be at the start. but they can't put it at the start because then they give the plot away... sticking it in at the end just made it stick out like a sore thumb.

"white noise" had potential to be one of the most talked about movies since "the exorcist" i think. seeing as evp is supposedly true it really had an easy passage to be a feared true fact. not many movies come along that really instill fear into the minds of people. like i said this movie could have, but did not. the movie degraded itself to a low class pg-13 scary movie. nothing compared to "the ring" or "the sixth sense" by any means. someone really needs to just take charge in the horror movie industry and just make a movie that not only makes us think, but it makes us jump, scream, everything a horror movie should do. i'm honestly sick of the pg-13 horror genre, because its becoming a genre of its own. we need the old days back, the blood and gore days, the freddy kruger, the jason, the mike myers days. few movies can pull off a think about this mentality being so not scary. so why try to pull it off? a few good jumps in this movie amount to nothing but one of the stupidest endings in movie history with no resolution at all...don't waste your money on this movie.

as a cinema fan white noise was an utter disappointment, as a filmmaker the cinematography was pretty good, nicely lit, good camera work, reasonable direction. but as a film it just seamed as predictable as all the other 'so called' horror movies that the market has recently been flooded with. although it did have a little bit of the 'chill factor' the whole concept of the e.v.o (electronic voice phenomena) did'not seem believable. this movie did not explain the reasonings for certain occurrences but went ahead with them. the acting was far from mind blowing the main character portrayed no emotion, like many recent thriller/horror movies.definitely not a movie i will be buying on dvd and would not recommend anyone rushes out to see it.

jonathan rivers (michael keaton) suddenly becomes a widower when his wife dies. soon after, he's approached by a dr. price, an expert in electronic voice phenomena (evp), who claims he's been receiving messages from jonathan's departed wife anna via sundry electronic gadgets. is anna trying to tell jonathan something? is this merely a hint of something on a larger cosmic or otherworldly scale? it's good to see keaton in a leading role, but the story he's stuck with is convoluted and absurd at points; it's as if the movie doesn't know how to answer any of the questions it brings up, so it just distracts the viewer with new, unrelated questions.keaton himself is pretty good, convincingly cast as the bereaving widower desperately trying to communicate with his late wife. he's matured quite a bit as an actor, leaving behind the frat-friendly waacky-hijinks roles he played 15 or so years earlier. he looks a little craggy, with a perhaps few more wrinkles than one might expect, but he's lost none of the guile and panache that he's shown during his quarter century in hollywood.so it's not that keaton turns in a mediocre performance, it's that the script itself is subpar. written by niall johnson, the plot gets more confusing as it progresses, each tortuous path ending in another tortuous path. this is all well and good if the path leads to some sort of acceptable denouement, something that ties more or less everything together and explains... something. but not white noise; i knew less about what had happened to jonathan than i did before i'd first seen him.keaton's really the only reason to watch this junk, although he gets fine support from ian mcneice (as dr. price) and deborah kara unger as the requisite love interest.

i saw the trailer for this film a few months prior to its release, and man, did it look scary, especially how this film was based on a real life phenomenon. i was incredibly interested, and thought that this could finally be a decent horror/thriller film after years if crap. well you know how movie trailers make a film look better than it is: maybe by showing all of the creepy parts or by overdramaticizing certain elements. the advertisements for the movie did both, which lead to my ultimate disappointment.by no means is this "the most disturbing movie in years". hell, i doubt it was the most disturbing movie of that week's release. this movie takes the whole "based off of fact" thing too far.this movie wasn't complete crap. i must admit, it held my interest and micheal keaton was believable as a man searching for answers by supernatural means. other than that, though, this film is one big cliché. after john's wife dies, he learns about evp, which transmits the voices of the dead into everyday electronic appliances. he all of the sudden receives messages from his wife! my god! it's not just his wife reaching him, it's other dead people. gee, imagine that. a movie about helping dead people. come on, give me a break! the clichés don't stop there. there's also the obligatory clock-stopping-at-the-same-exact-time-every-night trick and three evil spirits that menace our hero. not only was the movie cliché, it wasn't scary. the film literally had two jump scenes, and those two scenes are almost identical. the ending is horrible, as it leaves the door wide open for a sequel. there's also an ending message with a message saying how only 1 out of x voices heard through evp are threatening, with a nice happy tune playing. way to break the mood, you guys. jeez! in the end, if you want another forgettable horror film, see white noise. the only reasons i could possibly think anyone would watch this film for is that either that the person is a keaton fan or that they are interested in evp. sure, the evp aspects may be slightly interesting, but i don't like my movie concepts to be shoved down my throat and blown up in my face. this film tries to be scary, original, and disturbing, but it's just the opposite. you know you have a lame movie when the commercials use the ghosts to talk about there film. "i will see this film no more."

john rivers' life as an architect and family man has taken a turn for the worst when his wife has disappeared and has been concluded dead after a freakish accident that involved changing a tyre on her car. during the days she has been missing, he confronts a man that's been following and he tells him that his been in contact with his dead wife from the other-side through e.v.p - electronic voice phenomenon. naturally he doesn't believe it but then hear gets weird phone calls from her phone and so he contacts the man to find out more about e.v.p. soon enough john is hooked onto it, but something supernatural doesn't like him interfering with the dead, as now other then contacting his wife, the white noise is foretelling events before they happen.since this dvd has been sitting on my shelf for a while now, i thought i better get around to watching it since it wasn't my copy. but then again i don't think the owners were in a hurry to get it back, as they haven't question me about it. oh well. so i decided to give it a play, as i was in an undemanding mood. after hearing and reading all the bad press on it, i wasn't expecting anything remotely good, but i was kept entertained for 90 minutes. well, more so the 60 minutes, as the last half-an-hour was pretty much a blur of confusion. the film is nowhere as good as it could have been, but the time breezed by quick enough even though it's a rather tepid supernatural thriller. i thought it wasn't all a waste. the first hour i found some effective sequences rather interesting and there's a spooky awe generated with a slow progression of subtle stillness and tragedy that haunts you, but sadly that comes to a crashing halt later on in the film. that's when the predictably forced jump scares come into their own and somehow it just doesn't fit in with the context. it becomes rather hectic, loud and very muddled with its mtv style editing and kinetic camera-work that gets to close into the action. i couldn't understand what was going on within choppy and abrupt climax. the whole explanation how everything fits into the bigger picture is pure hokey. it's a very unsatisfying conclusion because it goes for something big, but hits rock bottom. i thought they did fine job up until that point with the lighting and showy camera-work. other then the distinctively stark lighting, the score kept this flick atmospherically gloomy. all of it is very slickly done with its glossed up and fancy hardware, which makes it come across as very sterile and empty.you can easily see that the film's heart is in the technical components and not in expanding the characters and story. there's just no connection and lasting sentiment within this flimsy material. after a while, it just tries too hard to convince you that it falls into manipulative thrills and popping in many blood-curdling stuff from beyond the grave. it just got rather repetitious watching someone watch a fuzzy tv screen after while. the e.v.p machine was the star on the show. well, it did have more impact than the limp performances. michael keaton is more than capable actor, but lately his disappeared off the map and here he provides a modest performance as the dangerously obsessed john rivers. he really deserves much better, though. everyone else is pretty brittle and forgettable. not because of the performances, but of the lack of depth in their characters. this clunker wasn't bad to begin with, but it does go pear shape by falling away drastically.i wouldn't care to see it again and i wouldn't recommend to anyone, unless you got a interest for the subject matter and enjoy the recent crop of hollywood produced horror/thrillers. it's just a damn shame that this over-produced flick couldn't put it together successfully, as it had promise in its idea and a more than decent cast on hand. i didn't hate it, but what a disappointment.

i don't think i've ever been so bowled over by the sheer absurdity of a movie in my entire life as i was when i walked out of this piece of crap. nothing in it makes any sense. none of it is clever or well thought out. out of lack of truly suspenseful moments they repeatedly use that total cop-out trick where you build up the music before the character does something like open a door or push aside a curtain and then nothing's there. thats ok to do once, maybe, but i counted three times. there are things thrown in for no apparent reason, characters, half-formed story lines.... the characters weren't well developed at all. the ending was.. bad. bad, bad, bad, everything, every component, of this film is terrible. and i'm just here to warn you all of that.

the idea was awesome, the actors were incredible, the story could of been very scary, but the writing was poor and there was no depth. i couldn't really get into this movie. i couldn't feel for the characters, there were a lot of cliffhangers, and the movie just ends very weirdly. was it a happy ending? i don't know. was it a sad ending? again, i don't know. you leave the theater feeling unsatisfied. the movie had so much to give, but couldn't. just because you can edit, doesn't mean you should, right? i wouldn't really recommend this movie because you just can't say that you left the movie feeling like it was completed. you'll just be confused. trust me, you will probably thank me if you don't watch this movie.3/10

i frequently comment on the utter dirth of truly scary movies on the market, and sadly white noise only served to reduce my faith that the film industry remains capable of such an endeavor. i was surprised to find myself growingly increasingly fatigued as the plot wore on and my static-induced headache increased. i found white noise to be preposterous beyond our best efforts of suspension of disbelief. even after witnessing the harrowing ordeal sustained by michael keaton, i was totally unaffected by his demise. up until the credits i diligently awaited for something--anything-- of substance to connect me to the characters' story, but such relief never came. sure, there were the occasional heart-stopper moments, but only because loud noises tend to do that to the dozing viewer.while the acting was lame, michael keaton may have played his studliest role to date. perhaps the only redeeming quality that white noise has to offer is the stunning archietecture in both of keaton's abodes. overall, white noise leaves one with the morbidly depressing idea that those who die are trapped in a world guarded by three malicious shadows, contriving to trick the living into following the dead to their own graves.

absolutely one of the worst movies of the year. the plot is ridiculous, the characters poorly developed, and the premise irritatingly stupid. it all begins when michael keaton, fresh off of doing nothing noteworthy since batman, loses his beautiful author wife, anna, to a car accident, possibly caused by her driving one of those convertible vw bugs even though she's supposed to be rich. in his grief, batman moves to a new apartment and takes up a hobby: recording nothing and then watching it. he learned this from a really fat pathetic guy who got murdered by three tall shadowy fellows who lived in his tv. pretty soon, he starts to see dead people, thanks to evp, or electronic voice phenomenon, which is evidently this deal wherein dead people can send messages to living people through tape recorders, video cameras, dead cell phones ("anna cell calling? but she's...dead!...must be ghosts. mhmmm. no other possible explanation. i'd better start messing around with this indiscriminately.") etc. why they can't just write something down on a piece of paper or knock over some stuff to form creative pictograms is never explained. anyway, eventually batman discovers that he's actually seeing the future, and he decides to go help this woman he doesn't know. he gets out of his house just in the nick of time, because the tall dark guys enter just after he leaves ("d*mn it! can travel between the living and dead using electronics, but i'll be d*mned if we can be on time! am i right guys? (they nod in bemused agreement)."). he tracks this lady to a warehouse and finds out that this character from the first ten minutes of the movie (look hard, or you'll miss him!) is actually a serial killer working for three tall shadowy demons, who in raiders of the lost ark style swoop down and kill him, looking like the cartoons that they are. just then some detectives show up and save the lady. after batman's funeral, he decides to send a message from beyond the grave apologizing to his son for being an idiot, evidently feeling that the best way to protect his kid from the horrors of evp is to expose him to it. the little kid just smiles. nothing phases that dude, not even when his dad, batman of course, starts talking to tv's. the high-point of the movie was when someone's phone rang and some guy yelled out, "it's anna!"

i first heard about white noise when i saw the tv advert. before then i didn't even know it existed. i watched the trailer online and decided that i would go and see it. now being a fan of films like the sixth sense, i thought that this film would give me everything i wanted. it has michael keaton in it, and he rocks. unfortunately the film did not deliver. it tried to be another sixth sense or stir of echoes, and failed miserably. it has a very promising start, but the middle just drags on repeating itself, and ends with a completely poor twist which any monkey could have figured out. unfortunately like most "scary" films nowadays it relies on loud noises and bangs to make the audience jump. this film could have been so much more. it's a shame because it was a good idea.

what a shame it is when a potentially captivating and refreshingly low-key story manages to latch onto your interest at the start and then gradually lets you down further and further until you're left scratching your mystified head by the time it reaches its overdone conclusion. unfortunately, this is what happened to me by the end of white noise.it wasn't michael keaton's fault; it was a pleasure to see him return as the star of a brand new movie once again, looking a bit wrinkled perhaps, but still managing to give a strong and sincere performance. as a man whose wife has recently died, he becomes obsessed with her wandering spirit in the afterlife (not a new idea), apparently getting contacted by her through that funky electrical fuzz business you see on your television screen when there's nothing being broadcast.the idea of spirits communicating via the airwaves is called evp (electronic voice phenomena) and there are a lot of people who actually believe in it for real, so i'm not going to make any comments about what i think of that, or them. let me just say that i'm all for suspension of disbelief when it comes to buying into fantastic films like this, but what i can't tolerate is not understanding what the hell was supposed to be taking place, which is about where i was left stranded when the credits finally began to roll. much static indeed.there are occasionally movies like this that have me completely baffled, but if a film fails to make itself clear for me, i tend to consider that to be the fault of the filmmaker, not my own (unless i watched it while i was too tired to focus or something). well, for white noise i was wide awake, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed -- so guess who's to blame?

sorry - this movie is just a cheap tv-production. i saw very much promotion material and expect a professionell movie like "stormriders" - what i was presented was a low-budget-movie like "xena" or "hercules" on tv. no atmosphere, very boring, more then worse fight-scenes. some good ideas - not more. i hope i will get the chance to make a movie like this and then i show how to do such a movie!!!my asian-tips: "musa - the warrior", "stormriders", "shaolin soccer", "battle royal", "versus", etc.sorry for my bad english!

this has to be some of the worst direction i've seen. the close-up can be a very powerful shot, but when every scene consists of nothing but close-ups, it loses all its impact. tony scott has some very beautiful scenery to work with, the backdrops of mexico, the cantinas, the beautiful estate where anthony quinn lives, and the dusty towns costner rolls through on his journey for revenge. unfortunately we only catch quick glimpses of these places before the camera cuts to a picture of a big, giant head. even the transition scenes where costner is driving alone across mexico quickly cut to a close-up. the score is over-dramatic and intrusive, dictating every emotion we should feel. the story itself should have been handled much better. among other things, too many people pop up out of nowhere to help costner along - it's just bad writing. it's a typical thriller storyline, but many others have taken the same premise and done outstanding things with it. costner's no way out had a somewhat similar storyline, but it was a much better movie. the ending was completely anticlimactic and suffered from the most melodramatic scoring of the film. this movie was never going to be great, but if we saw more of mexico and less of giant heads this film might have been watchable.

revenge on us the viewing public perhaps. i sat through this 2 hour movie and i was waiting for the second act to kick in so that the movie lived up to its title. but costner never avenges his lovers fate she dies and the movie ends. i was left wondering where the rest of the movie was. if a movie is called revenge then the hero better get some by the end of the film. i had a choice of seeing this or black rain at the cinema thankfully i saw the other brothers movie at the cinema instead.i caught up with this turkey on video. there was one good thing about the film and was its beautiful theme tune. listen to the cd.dont watch this its awful. 1 out of 10

i just watched this movie and i've gotta say that with such a great premise and great talent this turkey just lays there!!! a friend lent me this movie and i watched with an open mind mainly because he had such high praise for the story. well, the movie started off with kevin costner as a fighter pilot retiring... why? why did they make him a fighter pilot? he was supposedly going to be hired by anthony quinn's character to be his new pilot... well, we never see costner go near a plane for the rest of the movie! costner runs into a texan (james gammon) selling a horse to a big mexican businessman and costner tags along for a ride. without knowing what happened, gammon is beat to near death and costner drives him to the meeting, which happens to be with an associate of quinn! but, nothing comes of it... nada, zilcho! why did they have gammon's character? why did they have the horse sale with the quinn associate if nothing was to come of it? also, after they leave costner for dead, they make madeline stowe's character become a whore, then she attacks one of quinn's men that was paying for a turn... she stabs him with his own knife, and the next thing she's been moved to a convent! no explanation as to why she was moved, or when it was done!too much talent wasted on such a weak script and poor editing!! i only watched this because a friend owned it and let me watch it... i'm going to throw it at him for the 2 hours i wasted of my life watching the blasted thing!

this movie wastes virtually every actor's talents in what could best be charitably called a "potboiler".despite it's action-packed 'top gun' opening it is all downhill from there with plenty of stereotypes and unlikely situations following each other until you try to choke yourself on your popcorn.there are so many dead-end story lines in this movie i was guessing at one point it was made by splicing together a discarded tv series.quinn's mexican drug-lord role is laughable and his 'associates' plucked right out of a 1970's quinn-martin cop show. costner's character is wooden and gives us no reason to believe he actually fell in love with mendez' wife. nor are we convincingly led to believe the wife is aching for companionship and will jump the first hot body coming along.definitely a 'b' movie at best and a huge waste of time for everyone involved.

faces are slashed, throats are cut, blood squirts, and in end the three main characters are either depressed or they die. they even blow up kevin costner's dog with a shotgun. why would anyone want to see a movie like this? violence is valid only when the good guys kill the bad guys, not the other way around. take for instance underworld and underworld evolution where you can enjoy seeing justice done when the demons are slain. in this movie, the good guys are cut up. see the difference? why would anyone want to make a movie that depresses the audience? beautiful photography and skilled editing in a motion picture like this is a waste of talent. let's put this one into the category of the exquisite corpse.

payback is the game being played in this drama and the revenge plot is undone by the absurd story line that sets the stage for the fireworks that come later. why would a man become involved with the trophy wife of a ruthless mob boss in the gangster's own mansion with suspicious henchmen all around? why would an unhappy wife encourage the attentions of a complete stranger and expect him to carry her away with him and leave her husband and boredom behind to live happily ever after with her new love? surely the hero, here kevin costner, must have expected a reaction from the cuckold husband that gives the movie an excuse to indulge in senseless gore and violence. anthony quinn, great actor that he was, surely deserved better, and madeleine stowe is the tragic figure who suffers greatly as she latches on to her prince charming. stowe is okay but her spanish accent doesn't work. the cameos of the lesser players are good, especially miguel ferrer and john leguizamo and sally kirkland is interesting as a fading rock star.

i've never understood the appeal of garbo. she always comes across in her films as stuck up, not all that alluring, and that annoying voice that could have drowned out the tuba section. she was also a very limited actress, like gloria swanson far better off left in the silent era. in this her last film, her performance is very average and even unassured. she tries hard but it all comes to nothing because the script is even worse than her acting.a would be screwball romcom that is never once believable and never gets off the ground (even though melvyn douglas manages to get airborne in the skiing scenes, which are really the only amusing thing here).there was potential but the script fails in almost every department, wasting every actor in it. douglas and garbo had good enough chemistry together but this one isn't even a spot on ninotchka, which i also found to be extremely overrated.

it seems a shame that greta garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistaken-identity marital romp. coming off the success of her first romantic comedy, ernst lubitsch's masterful "ninotchka" (1939), where she was ideally cast as an austere russian envoy, garbo is reunited with her leading man melvyn douglas for a sitcom-level story that has her playing karin borg, a plain-jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive larry blake when he becomes smitten with her. once he makes clear that work is his priority, karin inadvertently decides to masquerade as her high-living twin sister katherine to test her husband's fidelity when he is back in manhattan.it's surprising that this infamous 1941 misfire was directed by george cukor, who led garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in 1937's "camille", because this is as unflattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend. only someone with carole lombard's natural sense of ease and mischief could have gotten away with the shenanigans presented in the by-the-numbers script by s.n. behrman, salka viertel and george oppenheimer. mgm's intent behind this comedy was to contemporize and americanize garbo's image for wartime audiences whom the studio heads felt were not interested in the tragic period characters she favored in the thirties.however, garbo appears ill-at-ease mostly as the bogus party girl katherine and especially compared to expert farceurs like douglas and constance bennett as romantic rival griselda. photographed unflatteringly by joseph ruttenberg, garbo looks tired in many scenes and downright hideous in her teased hairdo for the "chica-choca" dance sequence. the story ends conventionally but with the addition of a lengthy physical sequence where larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of sonny bono's death. roland young and ruth gordon (in a rare appearance at this point of her career) show up in comic supporting roles as douglas' associates. this movie is not yet on dvd, and i wouldn't consider it priority for transfer as it represents a curio in garbo's otherwise legendary career. she was reportedly quite unhappy during the filming. i can see why.

the story is a little slow and a little stupid. greta garbo doesn't look very good and i couldn't understand half the things she said because of her accent, which was exaggerated for this role. melvyn douglas, meanwhile, plays his normal unlikeable role and constance bennett is just so-so except for a couple of her screams, which were funny. on the plus side, roland young had the best role in the film. i wish he had more lines, as he disappeared in the second half of the story. also, it was interesting to see ruth gordon look so young. i had only seen her in those crazy roles she played from the late '60s to the '80s and a whacked out old woman. story-wise, the best part might have been the final few minutes when we see a stunt man doing amazing things on skis, pretending to be douglas falling down the slopes. that was amazing and humorous footage.overall, i can see where this film - garbo's last - was not a box-office success. it just drags too much, going on and on about deceptions. it's an annoying story. garbo knew it, too, and called it quits.

being born in the 1960's i grew up watching the tv "movies of the week" in the early 70's and loved the creepy movies that were routinely shown including "crowhaven farm", "bad ronald", "satan's school for girls", "kolchak the night stalker", etc, but this one is just plain dumb.this is obviously the writer's trying to capitalize on the horrific manson murders from a few years earlier. the movie stars dennis weaver of "mccloud" and "duel" fame as a father who takes his family camping on a beach. the family encounters some hippies who for some reason decide to terrorize the family. the reason for this is never explained, and weaver's pacifistic stance is hard to swallow. for god's sake, call the police, beat the hell of them or something, just don't sit there and whine about it. the acting is pretty lame, the story unbelievable, etc. susan dey looks cute in a bikini but that's about it. ignore this if it ever airs on tv.

i can't believe i waste my time watching this garbage! i did because leonard maltin gave it an "aa" rating, and for tv movies this is usually a reliable indicator of some quality entertainment.the acting was ok, but whoever wrote it should be forever denied access to any medium of communication. the plot is ludicrous, the motivations of the "bad guys" totally absent, and the various family interactions silly and shallow. for example, dad preaches that violent reaction to aggression is bad, but he turns out to be an "admirable" person not because of his "ignore the idiots" philosophy, but because he's pretty good with his fists...the only message i was able to glean from this pap was that the nuclear family is good and alternate living arrangements are bad. oh, and bad people happen to good people.

you might be a bit confused if you watch this silly made-for from the beginning, since the credits list susan dey as "special guest star." um, why would a one-off mow like this have a guest star? well, if you stick with it, you'll find yourself paying attention to little else but ms. dey's butt, wiggling in a flowered bikini as the "partridge family" house babe frolics on the beach to which that imaginative title alludes. susan's derrière is especially compelling when she shakes it at the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-disaffected brother in one mildly incestuous scene. sadly, susie and her tush fight a losing battle: the jiggle-tv craze that might have put that bottom over the top was three years off, so that sweet booty just gets a supporting role. in 1976 fat freddy silverman would have put that behind right out front and used this flick as susan's audition tape for "charlie's angels." as is, our susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing somber, neurotic women.the view beyond susan's heinie, it must be said, is not very compelling. the scenery is nice, and photographed in a bizarre, hazy way that briefly fools you into thinking there might be some quirky creative intelligence at work behind the camera. nope. it's just a typically suspense-challenged 70's made-for-tv thriller that allowed weekly series stars to make some extra cash(and collect some cable residuals, though they obviously didn't know that at the time) and show off their "range." here we're treated to a tv-scale nuclear family, squaring off against tv-scale thugs who can't decide whether they're a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (thus the filmmakers split the difference by putting them in dune buggies) and have never learned one of the primary lessons of 1970s television: don't mess with dennis weaver (see "mccloud" and "duel"). the only potential for depth in this movie is in the aforementioned teenage-son character of steve, played by the long-forgotten (if ever-remembered) kristoffer tabori, who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and might feel some sympathy for and attraction to the lawless mob that is (supposedly) menacing his family. but steve, as played by tabori (gosh, why didn't we see more from this wunderkind?), is actually just grumpy and moody and isn't one bit conflicted when big d gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. for the sleep-deprived and susan deyniacs (there must be some of you out there) only.

this is a terrible production of bartleby, though not, as the other reviewer put it because it is "unfilmable," but rather because this version does not maintain the spirit of the book. it tells the story, almost painfully so. watching it, i could turn the pages in my book and follow along, which is not as much fun when dealing with an adaptation. rather, see the 2001 version of bartleby featuring crispin glover. that version, while humorous, brings new details to the film while maintaining the spirit of the novel. what's important is the spirit, not the minutiae of things like setting, character names, and costumes. the difference between these film versions is like night and day, tedious and hilarious. this version is a lesson as to what can go wrong if an adaptation is handled poorly, painful, mind-numbing schlock.

a noble effort, i guess, but ultimately a poor one. before seeing this film, i felt "bartleby, the scrivener" was unfilmable. after seeing it, i still do. unfortunately, i think only those who have read the story will understand what is going on, and they will be upset at the film's needless revisions (updating from 1850 to 1970, moving from new york to london). even the superb talents of paul scofield can't salvage what looks to me like a well meaning but misguided effort to film melville's metaphysical classic.

i do agree that though this story by melville just might be unfilmable, this isn't even a credible try. to move the story into the 20th century just outrages the original story's intent and nature; possibly you might have been able to move it over to england, but it must be a period piece. even our story narrator--the proprietor--tells it in a flashback, going back even further, somewhere around 1800. towards the end of the 19th century, a strangely disobedient worker would be discarded without a thought. and the 20th century? come on! give me an expletive deleted break!!! even around 1800, such behavior didn't work very well, in view of the ending. and the movie's ending? i don't know what it was, because i didn't watch the entire travesty--i had to stop. this was like setting "streetcar named desire" in elizabethan england.

i kinda liked the film despite it's frenzied pace. but, i did not appreciate the comment that canada was referred to as montana north. it is definitely not montana north and never will be. americans wonder why they are perceived as arrogant in the rest of the world, and that is one reason why. stop teaching the kids of the united states of america to think they own the planet. such a centrist world view is not becoming of one of the world's great nations. even in jest. i would never refer to the usa as 'alberta south'. walt would never put us down, so why start now. other than that the film was pretty goofy, better luck next time.

i wanted to like this movie. but it falls apart in the middle. the whole premise is a good one and ties up nicely, but the middle runs off tangent. the people i watched with were getting annoyed while it ran off course, and hoping it would end sooner than it did. another person actually fell asleep during the middle segment! i found myself day dreaming elsewhere during the schtick parts that had nothing to do with the plot. i bought it for the eye candy and it delivered that well, but it lacks pixar's writing and soul. i think kids 8 and under will enjoy the ride at face vaule, while missing the plot. people old enough to follow a plot will find it wonders too far to return quickly and easily. edit out most of the middle section, make it 50 minutes and it would be a solid flick. i wish i had better things to say. but i don't

i went to see this with my wife and 3 yr old son. he seemed to like it a lot more than my wife and i did. the writing is surprisingly poor for a pixar / disney excursion. in fact, i had a very hard time paying attention at all. the movie does look amazing but the story just becomes so weird and long winded that i was hoping my son would fall asleep so i could pick him up and walk out.not to say that the film isn't an interesting concept, it's just told so oddly, (bad screenplay?) especially when we "meet the family" for the first time. i know we're supposed to get the impression that the family is wacky but good lord, they could've shortened that sequence by a good 15 minutes (seemingly, i didn't actually time it). by that point i was scratching my head looking for an exit.

i really wanted to like this film, but so much of it is stolen/borrowed from other work -- some of the borrowing is painfully blatant. the new york times' review pointed out that their singing frog is awfully reminiscent of the one in the famous warner brothers' cartoon ('hello my baby, hello my darlin', hello my ragtime gal...'). but i challenge anyone to watch the fox/blue sky animated feature robots (2005) and not find ridiculous similarities in: storyline - a young inventor growing up, and a single innovative corporation distributes all great inventions.cityscape - extremely similar camera angles capture extremely similar futuristic city environments....robots... - the servant robot in the robinson household has a very similar design to those in robots, and both films use a sort of retro-futuristic look.all of this seems to be in sharp contradiction to the obnoxious quote from disney at the end, implying that the company has been a steady innovator who never looks back (which also contradicts their entire catalog of films in the 90s that were pretty much clones of each other, with some minor tweaks to storyline and ethnicity).the filmmakers seem unable to let the story speak on its own, and instead constantly send objects and noises flying in our direction, as though we don't have the attention span for anything less.the villain is really well-designed and brilliantly animated, and he's a pleasure to watch. much of the rest of the film seems thrown-together. some of the landscapes look like cgi from the mid-90s.the film actually opens with a classic mickey mouse short. by the end of this cartoon, we are reminded that disney never did have much interest in innovating or good storytelling -- they seem to think that simply getting something up on the big screen is proof enough of their virtue.

this movie started out with some semblance of a plot, then abandoned it for an endless series of random characters and encounters that have nothing to do with moving the story forward. it was impossible to remain engaged with this film. this movie is a very cynical pile of garbage made by some people with animation skills but totally lacking in creativity or storytelling ability. it is a shockingly bad effort coming from a major studio. clearly there are morale and motivation problems at disney, not to mention a complete lack of oversight and quality control. that management allowed this movie to see the light of day speaks volumes about their incompetence and desperation. this movie joins my very short "worst movies of all time" list.

now for the truth, its very very weak storyline - for a walt disney film its total rubbish. when the robinson appear, the films all over the place, i was shocked how poor it was. it like "alice in wonderland" gone wrong!. it feels like they were short on ideas some mashed some crazy rubbish together to try and get away with it - and they don't. after that, i sat there wishing for the end. my younger brother lost interest half way through and was confused by the story. the characters are weak and after the robinsons appear you don't care about the ending, you just want the film to finish. its a film to forget, and forget quickly. if you've got some spare time, don't waste it on this.

this movie forever left an impression on me. i watched it as a freshman in high school and was home alone that night. i think i lost all respect for robert reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the "brady bunch". i also thought the role of chuck connor was horrendous and evil. however, this movie made such an impact on me that i am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change womens lives, one at a time. what fascinates me is that so few people actually watched this movie. none of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when i discuss this movie because they didn't see it.

originally aired as an abc movie of the week. this involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little southern town. they aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. what follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.the tv version was (for its time) grim. no nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. the unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly disgusting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard "uses" her. yuck! there's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. you get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. the needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.i'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. a sick, sleazy film. not recommended.

supposedly a "social commentary" on racism and prison conditions in the rural south of the 1970's, "nightmare" is full of bad southern stereotypes, complete with phoney accents. not only would it be offensive to the sensibilities of most american southerners, this tawdry piece of work comes off as just a thinly-disguised "babe in prison" movie--especially in its uncut original version. nevertheless, acting is generally above average and the late chuck connors, in particular, does a good job of making viewers hate him--even though he looks somewhat uncomfortable in several scenes. there's also a change-of-pace role for the late robert reed, who appears as the lecherous warden, and tina louise (previously ginger of "gilligan's island") made a rather believable sadistic prison guard. my grade: d. 

i saw this film in its entirety in the 1960s & 70s, yes it is gruesome, and could be the progenitor of the "faces of death" series popular in the 80s & 90s. considering the state of so-called "driver education" these days, this one should be required viewing for everyone preparing to learn to drive. when you see violent death in all its gore & horror, you certainly (if you have any sensibility at all) get a truer perspective on the responsibilities required to drive safely, what one instant of thoughtlessness or inattentiveness at the wheel can do. i worked for bell telephone in the 70s & 80s, and at one point was assigned to conduct a safety class. i found this film in the company library, showed it at the session, a number of people got physically sick and had to leave the room! incredibly, most of them later said "i never knew a car accident could be so terrible!" this film, and another, "red asphalt", is certainly reality in its most graphic form. i'll never forget it, i only wish i could have found a copy when my children were attending "driver's ed" in high school!

i was so excited when i discovered this was available! i couldn't wait to see it. what a waste of energy! it's kind of like that rarities cd by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. but once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album. this dvd is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything lynch has done. "six men getting sick" is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive. it lacks the power of lynch's later work "the grandmother" is quite simply an immature work. it's tedious and looks like a student film. but it was the 70's...it's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. but you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. "the alpahabet" is forgettable (no really! i can't remember this one at all!) "the amputee" is pointless. "the cowboy and the frenchman" is just plain silly. "lumiere" is the only worthwhile one in the bunch. without dialog lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. i had to watch this one several times. but it runs less than 2 minutes. hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the dvd.

i respect the fact that this is a very popular show. however, in comparison with robert altman's ingenious, hilarious, zany, and groundbreaking 1970 movie classic, this show was probably destined to be less-than-mediocre... even if it did run for 11 years, that doesn't necessarily make it any good. this show formed an all-too-integral part of my early childhood (it was on re-runs every night, and guess whose parents were watching it and laughing it up), but it's one of the memories i don't miss. and now that i actually have seen the movie, i can give this series an accurate critique. on its own, it's not nearly "2 out of 10" bad. however, the characters on this show are nothing like those in the movie. some of them technically are the same, but they're only similar in name. for instance, since when is alan alda anything like donald sutherland? his style of humor is totally different, as are his characterization and outlook. the new characters are not that great; they just serve to make you miss the ones that they're replacing. it's the same with the new actors (including jamie farr). the only thing that actually transfers to the series is radar, who's still (even though played by the same actor) merely a pale imitation of the original. what else? oh, yeah. with a laugh track (it didn't matter whether it was used in surgery scenes or not), it comes across as creepy, due to what's going on in the other settings. and because it lasted nearly four times longer than the actual korean war, it takes viewers into this bizarre temporal rift that doesn't work outside the world of cartoons. i've never liked this show, and i never will.

simply, i found the tv show "mash" trite, preachy, oh ever so "politically correct", repetitious, pretentious and biggest sin of all, and that is,? that it is (was) incredibly dull. you have alan alda as the main lead, "(star)", who is so in love with himself and his cleverness, that it actually made me uncomfortable to even try and sit through an episode. the original series had both mclean stevson, and wayne rogers, whom i'll happily admit had a certain panache and style to their character presentation. however, harry (henry) morgan, and mike farrell, both singularly and compositely together is like eating caviar and fresh oysters with wonder bread. loretta swit, which i also found dull, also to no fault of her own wasn't a wonder to look at, and gary burghoff, who was good in the movie got tired looking and acting as the show wore on. seeing one show a year showed that to me. jamie farr was just low brow "comedy" and is not even worth really mentioning here at all. the reason i did not give it a (one) rating, which anyone reading this by now would be wondering, is that ratings of any sort is not only a subjective call, but a relative one. television, except for relatively few exceptions, is such crud. that relatively speaking, mash had some production quality, (by television standards) of that era and today, and therefore it is deserved of a two. rob ritter

if you hate redneck accents, you'll hate this movie. and to make it worse, you see patrick swayze, a has been trying to be a redneck. i really can't stand redneck accents. i like billy bob thornton, he was good in slingblade, but he was annoying in this movie. and what kind of name is lonnie earl? how much more hickish can this movie get? the storyline was stupid. i'm usually not this judgemental of movies, but i couldn't stand this movie. if you want a good billy bob thornton movie, go see slingblade.my mom found this movie for $5.95 at wal mart...figures...i think i'll wrap it up and give it to my grandma for christmas. it could just be that i can't stand redneck accents usually, or that i can't stand patrick swayze. maybe if patrick swayze wasn't in it. i didn't laugh once in the movie. i laugh at anything stupid usually. if they had shown someones fingers getting smashed, i might have laughed. people's fingers getting smashed by accident always makes me laugh.

this is, without doubt, one of the worst films i've ever seen...the plot is so full of holes, the story is like a bad remake of a bad suspense movie and the actors sound like were reading directly from the manuscript for the first time. worst of all is steve guttenberg. he plays his character like he was in "police academy" - the same foolish womanizer - and that's not suited for a leading man in what should have been a thriller.it's really hard to believe that hanson would make "l.a. confidential" ten years later...avoid this like the plague...

a pretty obvious thriller-by-numbers, in which the only possible twist turns out to be a hiding to nothing. i was watching principally for the english-language performance by isabelle huppert. it wasn't great, but then it was a strange role. i wouldn't be surprised if half her contribution turned out to have been left on the cutting-room floor along with several last minute script re-writes.the acting is the least appealing thing about this film. steve guttenburg looks like he's trying to flesh out his role with the charm that everyone's told him he has. there's a sensationally stupid sequence in which it's suggested that his sexual prowess will be able to help treat ptsd. it's an uninteresting performance. elizabeth mcgovern is more of a draw with genuine charm and character but it's small consolation. 3/10

an innocent man (steve guttenberg) has a one-night stand with his boss's wife (isabelle huppert). she spots a woman (elizabeth mcgovern) being attacked outside but she can't call the cops because it would blow her marriage to gutenberg's boss (paul shenar). so guttenberg, honest citizen that he is, when he discovers that another woman was attacked and killed nearby only half an hour later, comes forward and claims to have witnessed the first attack, merely intending to pass on the information given to him by huppert. well -- never bear false witness against thy neighbor, as they say.this simple attempt to help the police nab a murderer turns rapidly twisted. when he meets the first near-victim, mcgovern, she immediately twigs to what happened, but agrees to keep quiet for the moment. but then guttenberg finds himself in court, supposed to identify the heavy (greenquist) and we discover through cross-examination that he is near-sighted and can't identify objects at a distance, let alone faces. (not that it matters because, after all, he never saw the creep in the first place.) the plot gets practically labyrinthine. guttenberg winds up the chief suspect when huppert is murdered too.he barely escapes arrest and holes up with the now-sympathetic mcgovern. guttenberg and mcgovern hatch a plan to trap the murderer. she will serve as bait. they'll follow the flagitious creep into one of his seedy haunt and mcgovern will act like the doxy that the murderer is attracted to, just to get him to try to kill her. but everything will be okay, see, because not only will guttenberg keep a close watch on her, and not only will he alert the police a few minutes after she enters this dive, but she will keep a can of mace handy -- just in case.i ask you, the alert viewer, does this scenario unfold as planned? elizabeth mcgovern has a quirkily interesting bone structure. she seems all mandible and tiny mouth at times, but she's vibrant. steve guttenberg has hair on his brawn and that's about it. otherwise he's as helpless as the character he plays. if isabelle huppert can act, it isn't evident in this film. the killer is so formed and so groomed that he looks like he's wearing one of those masks of deformity in that twilight zone episode about greedy heirs.didn't the director, curtis hanson, go on to make "l.a. confidential"? that was a nicely done piece of work. here, everything seems clumsy and contrived, down to the small bit parts. just before the inevitable violent climax, a uniformed police officer is introduced to delay mcgovern's rescue, and the scene is embarrassing to watch. dick olsen has a bit part as a late shopper. he's a neat guy and always reliable. paul shenar as the cuckolded hubby has a striking face that seems made for the stage and he does a fine job too.that louche joint where mcgovern attracts the attention of the murderer, where she plays pool with a couple of hairy apes, was shot at a bar in carolina beach, in north carolina, not far from where i lived. the way the interior is set up, it's clear that this is supposed to be a dangerous and dirty dive. actually it appears rather more elegant on screen than it did in reality.overall, this is hitchcock territory and it brings tears to the eyes to imagine what he would have done with this story.

ummm, please forgive me, but weren't more than half the characters missing? in the original novel, valjean is a man imprisoned for 19 years for stealing a loaf of bread and then attempting several times to escape. he breaks parole and is pursued relentlessly by the police inspector javert. along the way there are many characters that weren't in this version. some worth mentioning would be fantine, cosette, m & mme. thenardier, eponine, marius, gavroche, and enjolras. the only character with the same name is javert. i was confused and frustrated throughout the whole movie, trying to see how it was in any way connected to victor hugo's epic novel.

this movie is just boring.it tries to copy some effects borrowed to a creative director like jeunet in "amélie poulain", but it is too much. the dialogs are pretty bad, some of the worst i have ever heard, guillaume canet is not convincing (i have almost never found him very convincing), his father in the movie plays very badly, the story is dumb, the ending is... stupid.i think i have not dislike a movie so much since "le pacte des loups" (brotherhood of the wolf) from christophe gans (and i watch / see about 80-100 movies a year), but at least that movie had some action and lots of good actors.i had never commented here (only rated), and when i saw the rating and the comments, i thought i had to write something down.i guess we won't have problems to sell the dvd we were offered : not such a bad movie in our (large) collection !!!i am open minded (i watch sf, westerns, drama, comedies, silents, horror, fantasy... movies !), but this movie was so boring that i felt like i had lost one hour and a half.

who could possibly sympathize with these two obnoxious protagonists? what's intended to be a light, frothy comedy about neighbor children who can't give up their childhood game of dare even as they age well into adulhood, comes off more as an exercise in cruelty and petulant self-indulgence. as children, the pair are unbearably precocious; as adults they're intolerably immature. it's a bad combination.

i really disliked this movie....mainly because of the main characters! they are both immature, selfish, and self-centered people. they hurt everybody around them playing their silly game. the visual effects were good but what good are they if there are no characters that you connect with or a story line that is interesting. am i supposed to be happy when these two psycho people finally consummate their love for each other? after watching this movie i was thinking "this is supposed be the #1 smash from france?"........*spoiler* as for the end: good riddance! they both deserve each other! 

jeux d'enfants or how the film was wrongly translated into english love me if you dare is a film made by stupid people and about stupid people. i just don't know how i could expect something worth a look from a film with such plot: two stupid ignorant kids make a bet that each of them will do something (certainly extremely idiotic) to prove to each other (wtf?) that they are "cool dudes". i know that i exaggerated some aspects but that is what the entire film is about. they grow older...and instead of realizing that they are just a couple of alienated weirdos continue to perform their crazy things, thinking that they are great people.one could expect such a film from hollywood, but france? it is even more offensive to watch the film from the country which created amelie a couple of years ago, which, btw, the film tries to look like but is far, extremely far away from.avoid. avoid. avoid.

poor tobe hopper. he directed an all time horror classic "texas chaimsaw massacre". since then everything he's done has been horrible. this is probably the worst...and that's saying a lot. it's about a man (brad dourif) who has the ability to make things (and people) catch fire...or something like that. hardly an original idea (anyone remember "firestarter"?) it's a real mess...literally everything is done wrong! pathetic acting (even dourif!), asinine script, loust production values, crappy special effects...everything is bad!!!!! a must miss...not even good for laughs.

how can a director that makes such great films as poltergeist and the texas chainsaw massacre make such rubbish as this? i got this film off a friend and he didnt want it back its so bad. how this can be classed as horror i will never know.2/10

this a fascinatingly awful movie. it make so little sense that it starts to make a kind of weird internal logic of its own. well, it would if it didn't keep darting off up side-alleys until eventually floundering under the weight of its own indecisiveness. the movie can't make up its mind whether it is a straight forward 'man turns into monster' flick (like all those 1950s 'the incredible insert verb ing man' movies), or a ghastly big business conspiracy theory movie, or a mystical afterlife contact story, or... or what? take your pick. it's just a mess. grotesquely over the top and firing off in all directions, leaving loose ends flapping all over the place. it was as if tobe hooper had been taking david lynch pills. unfortunately he didn't take enough.

another of my delves into the bargain bin, this movie gave me exactly what i expected - a load of trashy horror complete with screaming ladies.it all started so well - i liked the little intro with the "newsreel" about the young couple being exposed to a nuclear blast, and was totally absorbed right up until the first person caught fire...from then onwards the film descended into outright silliness, and at times became almost embarrassing to watch. when the heroine turned out to have been afflicted with the same condition as the main character (the ability to light one's own farts without the aid of a match) it seemed almost as if someone had thrown the idea in at the last moment ("that'll be good!" you can almost hear them say...) as for the almost psychic link between the main character and the nuclear power plant, well...the movie came across as cheap tat - if you pay more than £1.50 for it you've been done.

tobe hooper has made great movies so i was certain this couldn't be bad. i didn't read any reviews and tried to watch this unintentionally humorous film. at times this made me laugh, sometimes i almost fell asleep, sometimes made me almost cry for hooper.i rated this 3/10 because its 1990 "horror"-movie and many interesting or funny things happened there. throughout the movie i was thinking something like "they simply can't add more things in this movie..." .. but they did.some tell this is some sort of firestarter clone but truly isn't. it's based on that idea but thats all. this is combination of horror, comedy, weird religion/god things, funny gore, simple effects, drama, horrible acting, unbelievable script..and more.*spoilers* story is: government tries to create ultimate weapon using nuclear power or something and fails, during process child is born for 2 test persons. when mom sings to her child after the birth, both husband and wife burns and it is spontaneous combustion. government buries whole thing and leaves this child live amongst other people and ... then after x years this kid is grown up and realizes he has been born for a reason and whoa he can burn things with his brains. then everything goes unbelievable messy nothing really explains anything and .. well when the government realizes "okay now he can set this fire thing to work" they take him to normal hospital where is some nuclear toxic what they are going to use on this man because they could kill him, no they can't shoot him no! .. and argh, i guess thats enough to tell, i promise there is 100 more weird things in this movie.well if you want good laughs watch this one. gosh.

seriously, what is this? hooper has made such classic films like texas chainsaw massacre, then he made this god awful film, what happened? did he dip into the crack a little too much? this film is about some dude named sam who has the ability to set things on fire,(firestarter, anyone?) the acting was godawful, the plot was rubbish, and the special effects were extremely rubbish, they looked like something from the 70's. van damme should be pleased that derailed is no longer the worst film ever, and what was with the ending? he started glowing blue, turned into a glowing blue blob, sucked out his girlfriends fire, and the film ended. what was that? huh? when the film ended i hoped the dvd would spontaniously combust to save me from my pain.stay away from this film.don't think, obey, you'll thank me later.

now, i hired this movie because brad dourif was in it. he is an excellent actor, brilliant in everything...except this movie. and i think that was only because he realized how stupid this movie was, and didn't bother with a good performance. this movie is a unintentional-comedy. some of the lines just crack me up. and them there are some lines that make no sense, and it seems like tobe hooper just throw lines in without thinking about the plot. oh! btw the plot is bad! but it one of those films that is taht bad that its actually painful to watch. i recommend this only for big brad dourif fans, or fans of any of the other actors, because the plot is pathetic.

others have already commented on the "decline" of director tobe hooper, but what about brad dourif? he was perfectly capable of selecting good projects (as he proved by starring in the same year's "exorcist iii"), so why did he agree to appear in this? sure, he gives a suitably demented performance, and the film is not outright bad; it's just uninvolving, uninteresting and unappealing. that's three "un-"s too many. (*1/2)

first off, the lead, brad dourif is a kook. if you're trying to take this movie seriously, then, i guarantee he's going to ruin it for you. if you don't take him too seriously, then he's actually kind of fun to watch. as with another reviewer, i loved the scene where lisa (cynthia bain) and dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car. another great campy scene was watching john landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room. in fact, i found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non-stop laugh-riot - i'm just not sure if tobe hooper meant it to be that way.

pretty poor firestarter clone that seems more like a bad tv movie than a bad feature film. how disappointing for this to come from hooper and dourif!government contractors do a human experiment with a hydrogen bomb. the boy born to the couple from the experiment constantly runs a fever of 100 degrees, and when he's an adult, people in his life start spontaneously combusting. he tries to find out why.the people completely on fire are well done, but when they get to the point that they are well done in another sense, they're obviously changed to dummies. when jets of fire shoot out of characters' arms, it looks silly rather than alarming the way it should. also ridiculous is fire that evidently travels through phone lines and erupts in huge jets from the receiver's earpiece. how is that supposed to happen, exactly?something else that struck me as silly about the movie is when a character has visions of his late parents. we later see the exact same shots from those visions in home movies.

a man discovers that his parents were part of a nuclear experiment in the 50's and that he now has the power to... burst into flames! i was really geared up for this film, what with being directed by the great toby hooper and staring wild card brad dourif. unfortunately it didn't rise above the average individual-with-violent-powers movie. spontaneous combustion has an interesting premise behind it, unfortunately it never seems to live up to its potential and prolongs its plot too much. the special effects aren't bad though and help to carry the movie to the finale.the cast isn't bad, dourif does steal the show.all around, no classic but it's not the worst of its kind either.** out of ****

i tried as hard as i could to sit all the way through this irritating mess, but i just couldn't do it. brad dourif absolutely sucked as the lead and all the supporting cast were only marginally worse. the whole thing is just ludicrous, from the awful acting to the laughable fx to the stupid plot.complete waste of time; don't bother. root canal therapy would be more enjoyable. bamboo slivers under the fingernails would be a lot more pleasant. watching a uwe boll movie would be only a little worse than this. get the idea?

it's often said that tobe hooper just struck lucky with his grisly 1974 horror film 'the texas chain saw massacre' and every time i see another hooper film - that view is only reinforced. it would seem that hooper wanted to make his own version of films such as scanners and firestarter in 1990 and so we end up with spontaneous combustion; a film with a couple of good ideas and a whole load more that are borrowed from other films. put it all together and you get a messy, boring film that most people would do well to miss! the film leads the audience to believe that it might be half decent initially with an intriguing back story that focuses on some experiments carried out on two young people in the fifties. the couple have a child and shortly thereafter burn to death as a result of the experiments done on them. fast forward some years and the baby is now an adult named sam; but naturally he's not a normal person and soon finds when it's discovered that he has the ability to set things on fire at will.the film stars brad dourif, who must have seemed like a good casting choice given his success with child's play two years earlier; but actually was an uninspired decision as the central performance is really terrible; and not helped by the terrible supporting performances. the turgid direction and dull script also don't do the film many favours and the trend of lacking in favours is continued by the special effects, which are very unrealistic and have nothing on the films that this one is ripping off; all of which were made some years earlier. the plot is really slow and it's almost an hour before anything of note happens, and i didn't care for it even then. it soon becomes obvious which direction the film will go in and it all boils down to the sort of tedious ending you would expect. the final confrontation is a big disappointment and nothing is really explained during the film. not that any revelation would have been interesting anyway. overall, this is a rubbish film and another reason why tobe hooper is a long way from being a great horror director. see firestarter again instead.

bizarre tobe hooper exercise regarding an unfortunate young man(brad dourif)with the ability to set people on fire. this ability stems from parents who partook in atomic experiments in the 50's. they die of spontaneous human combustion and it seems that what sam is beginning to suffer from derives by these pills his girlfriend, lisa(cynthia bain)gives him to take for rough migraines. in actuality, lisa was told to manipulate sam into taking the pills by lew orlander(william prince), pretty much the young man's father who raised him from a child. lew has benevolent plans..he sees sam as the first "atomic man", a pure killing machine in human form. sam never wanted this and will do whatever it takes to silence those responsible for his condition. as the film goes, sam's blood is slowly growing toxic, green in color instead of red. it seems that water and other substances which often put out fire react right the opposite when sam's uncontrollable outbursts of flame ignite. come to find out, lisa has sam's condition whose parents also dies from shc. dr. marsh(jon cypher), someone who sam has known for quite some time as his physician, is to insert toxic green fluid into their bodies, i'm guessing to increase their levels of flame. nina(melinda dillon, sporting an accent that fades in and out)was sam's parents' friend and associate on the experiments in the 50's who tries to talk things over with him regarding what is happening. and, rachel(dey young)is sam's ex-wife who may be working against her former husband with lew and marsh to harm him and lisa.quite a strange little horror flick, filled with some pretty awful flame-effects. dourif tries to bring a tragic element and intensity to his character whose plight we continue to watch as his body slowly becomes toxic waste with fire often igniting from his orifices. there's this large hole in his arm that spits out flame like a volcano and a massive burn spot on his hand which increases in size over time. best scene is probably when director john landis, who portrays a rude electrical engineer trying to inform sam to hang up because the radio program he's calling has sounded off for the night, becomes a victim of shc. the flick never quite works because it's so wildly uneven with an abrupt, ridiculous finale where sam offers to free lisa of her fire by taking it from her.

not as bad, as it's credited to being (hooper's done far worse) more so disappointing for me. such an imaginative concept, which is never really tapped in to by hooper with his economical direction and even less so in the smoky (excuse the pun) writing. it goes so sinister and over-the-top in a dead serious tone, becoming ridiculous and unfocused letting the whole pessimistic mystery / conspiracy-laced narrative being easily telegraphed to end on something completely abrupt. because of that, the pacing goes on to be rather sluggish and brad dourif (cool to see him in a leading role) seems to struggle with an off-balanced performance, despite etching out a bemusedly quirky intensity to his off-colour character. even though it's cheaply done, there's a competent technical attitude to it. however it doesn't seem to go anywhere out of the ordinary with its idea and wants to plaster in nasty jolts (which some do work) and strikingly steaming special effects (flames, flames everywhere) instead. hooper does display some stylishly frenetic imagery (more so towards the latter end), and the camera-work is swiftly manoeuvred and the beaming score is titillating. the performances are bit all over the shop with the appearances of william prince, cynthia bain, dey young, jon cypher and melinda dillon. also geroge buck flower and john landis have small, but amusing cameos especially landis. nothing surprises, but it's passably engaging.

it's not so much that spontaneous combustion had little potential. indeed the under-explored title phenomenon is quite intriguing and, for at least the opening half, this tobe hooper effort promises to entertain in a way only cheesy '90s horror can. but somewhere between brad dourif's on-again-off-again performance and the overly intricate plot, this would-be thriller loses its way.dourif, featured here before his built-in horror fan base had accumulated, is average guy sam. of course average guys don't stay average for long in horror movies, so after a well-done origin outline, we see sam's various body parts start to ignite. soon he's igniting other people, too, much to the consternation of gal pal lisa, played unmemorably by cynthia bain.while the title of the film implies a fire-happy monster on the loose, director hooper opted to make sam an unwilling killer. this approach gives the film an added human depth it would otherwise lack, but it also prevents us from truly fearing the human flamethrower. we're left wondering whether this would have worked better as a straight-up villain-versus-everyone effort ala nightmare on elm street.spontaneous combustion is a pretty nominal effort when all is said and done. it will carry added appeal for dourif's fans and those who can't get enough 1990s horror, be it good, bad or in between, but only on a slow night.

yaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnn! :=8ozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz........... <=8.oh, um excuse me, sorry, fell asleep there for a mooment. now where was i? oh yes, "the projected man", yes... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz........... <=8.ooops, sorry. yes, "the projected man". well, it's a british sci-fi yawnfest about nothing. some orange-headed guy projects himself on a laser, gets the touch of death. at last he vanishes, the end. actually, the film's not even that interesting. dull, droning, starchy, stiff, and back-breakingly boring, "the projected man" is 77 solid minutes of nothing, starring nobody. dull as dishwater. dull as doorknob dust. dull as ethan hawke - we're talking really dull here, people! but wait, in respect to our dull cousins from across the puddle, the moocow will now do a proper review for "the projected man":zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.............. <=8.

(spoilers)the one truly memorable part of this otherwise rather dull and tepid bit of british cuisine is steiner's henna rinse, one of the worst dye jobs ever. that, and the magnificent caterpillar eyebrows on the old evil dude who was trying to steal steiner's invention. mst3k does an admirable job of making a wretchedly boring and grey film funny.i particularly like it when crow kills mike with his 'touch of death', and when he revives him in the theatre, mike cries "guys, i died, i saw eternal truth and beauty! oh, it's this movie..." that would be a letdown, having to come back from the afterlife to watch the rest of the projected man. the film could make a fortune being sold as a sleep aide. some of the puns in the film were wicked: police inspector-"electrocution!" crow-"shocking, isn't it?" police inspector-"that's lowe, all right" tom servo-"very low, right down by the floor!" police inspector-"can i get on?" tom servo-"he's dead, but knock yourself out" mst3k is definitely the only way to watch this snoozer.

as i write this review in 2008, we are mired in a remake culture. movie studios seem determined to ruin as many classic films as they can with thoroughly pointless updates including 'king kong, 'the wicker man' and practically every film that ever starred michael caine. this lazy remake mentality is not a new phenomenon, however, as 'dough for the do-do' proves. an entirely pointless colorized version of bob clampett's surreal masterpiece 'porky in wackyland', 'dough for the do-do' sucks the life out of the original by splashing colour all over clampett's original footage and adding some lame new footage overseen by friz freleng. freleng was an entirely unsuitable director to be tampering with clampett's source material, although in truth no director could hope to come close to clampett's inspired insanity. inevitably, then, 'dough for the do-do' is nothing more than the raping of a classic with an appalling new title attached. for cartoon fans like myself, its equivalent to a colorization of 'casablanca'.

"dutch schultz", aka arthur fleggenheimer, was a real person and his rather nasty life is fairly well documented. this movie which purports to depict his life should have used a fictional character, because the overdramatized events are too strong a departure from the facts and the chronology. not only that, it ignores some interesting details which other versions have included such as the public relations fiasco in upstate n.y. and his religious conversion. it is true that he was executed by luciano, lansky, et. al. but that's as far as it goes. the exploding plate scene which represents luciano carrying out the execution of bo weinberg in his own home, assisted by his own mother is rediculous. also, there is the scene in which dutch approaches his own mother to pay protection to legs diamond. it just doesn't work. the character of mrs. fleggenheimer doesn't work either. this movie does not need a doting jewish mother for comic relief. the lame representation of legs diamond was humorous enough. i'm sure the man is turning in his grave. and, by the way, dutch did in fact personally kill people, but, he was not rambo or 007. the scene in which he wipes out the brewery is absurd. i don't know. maybe it was supposed to be a comedy and i just didn't get it.

this was on the 30th anniversary dvd for blazing saddles, itself brilliant, but not this. nowhere did i see mel brook's name on here and i can guess why, he's got a lot more sense to not be associated with this pilot. my gawd, who would find this funny. sure there may be a race issue but for me it just wasn't funny, well cause it's simply not funny. it's like the writers didn't even try to be funny, just to cash in on being tied with blazing saddles. did they expect this show to go for several seasons when they made this pilot? flat out, they didn't care. it was a quick cash cow which thank god didn't cash out. i guess it's useful for historical purposes only, or only to demonstrate how stupid and unimaginative hollywood writers can be.

i just watched the 30th anniversary edition of blazing saddles, one of my all time favorites!! the tv pilot for black bart stunk. the plot was non-existent and the acting was not good. it was obviously an attempt to profit off of the success of blazing saddles and there have been tv shows that have succeeded in doing take-offs of big movies, but this one would never have worked. considering that for so many years tv would not even play the farting noises when they televised the movie, it is inconceivable that they thought they could put a show on tv with the "n" word thrown around. on the other hand, i enjoyed seeing a lot of familiar faces!!! there were quite a few actors/actresses that i recognized from other shows over the years. i had to write down all the names and do a few searches. that was fun. i was arguing with my mother if steve landesberg was from barney miller or mash. i won! :)

this very unfunny failed tv pilot can be found as an extra on the 30th annivesery dvd special edition "blazing saddles". imagine the movie without the satire, humor, or writing skills. but with all the trappings of a typical lame '70's sit-com show complete with obtrusive laugh track and you'll still have no clue how sheer putrid this failed show was. what the hell was lou gossett jr. thinking when he signed onto this disaster?? this was possibly the worst thing he's been in (and yes i'm including the first "punisher" movie and "iron eagles 3". steve landesberg, i understand as he can't say no to crap.my grade: f

to review this movie, i without any doubt would have to quote that memorable scene in tarantino's "pulp fiction" (1994) when jules and vincent are talking about mia wallace and what she does for a living. jules tells vincent that the "only thing she did worthwhile was pilot". vincent asks "what the hell is a pilot?" and jules goes into a very well description of what a tv pilot is: "well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. that show's called a 'pilot'. then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows. some pilots get picked and become television programs. some don't, become nothing. she starred in one of the ones that became nothing." now to stretch on what jules was talking about, there are billions of television shows/pilots that were never aired because they simply were not...well, good. probably the most notorious pilot that comes to mind is "w*a*l*t*e*r", a spin-off to "m*a*s*h" with gary "radar" burghoff as the lead. hmmm, would somebody really want to be watching radar for a half-hour trying to solve crimes? hence, the show was never picked up. what many people don't know (or what they thought they knew) is that pilots are hardly ever shown on the air, for they are made strictly for the television networks for them to decide. some have made they're way past and got onto the air (the pilot for the animated series "american dad" comes to mind, as the show's serial itself didn't begin until nearly four months later. however, there are times were we should all be glad pilots never make it to air, and this here is why."black bart", a supposed tie-in with the mel brooks comedy classic, "blazing saddles", is a stale and bland "sitcom" with little heart and no soul. "saddles" was a controversial comedy, nevertheless, with it's racist humor and vulgar comedy, which comes to mind "what idiot decided this would make a great television show for prime time tv?!?" i say "supposed", because none of the memorable characters from the movie, aside from bart, on in this mess of a tv show. mel brooks wasn't even involved with the production of the serial and this was the first mistake in a long line (in a related story, i recently found out about an unaired tv pilot for a series based on the movie "clerks." that kevin smith was no involved in....you see what happens?!?).set somewhere around the same time as the movie (or at all), the story circles around the only black sheriff in the wild west, named appropriately 'black' bart, who is this time played by future academy award winner louis gossett jr., obviously before his stint in "real" acting, whereas in this he is playing a "g-rated" richard pryor. most of the other characters are carbon (if not, really bad) copies of the characters in the movie: jim, the waco kid is replaced by a similar looking character named reb jordan, a former confederate soldier who is quick with the gun. lilian von schtupp is now belle buzzer, a more of a ripoff of the character being that she's a show dancer and a german with a marlene dietrich-type accent and personality. while that's pretty much the end in similarities, the lead "bad guy" in the story is fern malaga, played by noble willingham, who i assumed would've been hedley lamar if warner bros. secured the rights to the name (see trivia for "blazing saddles") and his son curley...i dunno, taggart i suppose? the story is a poor excuse for a sitcom, much less a pilot. bart deals with the mayor's drunk son and he's out-of-control behavior which has caused the town to spin. really, it's a story that tries to introduce all the characters in the "series" and doesn't focus on the variety and context that would make this an "alright" show. i can't really call it a sitcom (and even if i wanted to) and that's primarily the fact it was shot on the backlot at warner bros. studios and later added a laugh track, so the show is set up almost exactly like "m*a*s*h" (complete with a bland and dull "laughing" that is identical to the series). the acting is so-so, but there's one part that always make me laugh, and that's when the actor playing reb jordan almost seems to forget his lines and tries really hard to remember them while trying to sputter out a piece of dialogue. ha! the script is rather dull and is attempts to make racism more humorous than it was in the movie (surprisingly, they use the word "n***er" numerous amount of times through a 22-minute episode, rather touchy for it's time period and even for today) and it gets repetitive.if you ever get your hands on this unseen piece of sssss...surly interesting novelty item, watch it just for the sake of the feeling for watching pilots (it's on the collector's edition of "blazing saddles", god knows why). there, yourself get a first hand chance for the reason why many movie tie-in pilots never air.

watching this was like getting a large mackerel slapped in your face over and over again. even when you thought, "that mackerel surely can't be coming around again," *slap* there it was. i'm not sure what they were thinking. this is the sort of pilot i watched and wondered, "did the actors know they were on a doomed ship destined to never be made into a series?" not only black stereotypes but swedish and indian ones as well. and while "blazing saddles" made these stereotypes into a mix of comedy and uncomfortableness, these stereotypes were just downright offensive. there was no plot line, the ending was slapped on, and the jokes aren't. still, if you are a student of comedy, watch this pilot to see what you shouldn't do.

a mercilessly corny and painfully unfunny attempt to transplant the character of sheriff bart from mel brooks' blazing saddles into his own weekly sitcom, this is really as bad as some people say it is!the laugh-track only serves to remind the unamused viewer what all in this supposed comedy is intended to be a joke and just how desperate for laughs it really is!however, it is somewhat interesting to see louis gossett jr. trying his best to impersonate cleavon little. his embarrassment shows through in every scene. he was much funnier in the hbo movie el diablo than he was here in this slab of cheese!truly the best and funniest thing about black bart is the name of his horse!

"black angel" is minor whodunit, with june vincent as a woman trying to save her husband from the electric chair after he is found guilty of killing an old acquaintance. dan duryea (the husband of the murdered woman) decides to help vincent find the real culprit. peter lorre has one thankless role as a suspect. this film noir looks and plays like a cheap programmer, never achieving anything special. it is pleasant enough but then, at some point, it stops making sense and the solution to the mystery provokes one of those big "give me a break" reactions. that ending alone could have sank the film completely, but what precedes the conclusion is not very good either. vincent is a wimpy heroine and duryea was never very good at playing good guys. i love film noirs, but this one was a real disappointment.

dan duryea, a perfectly decent b-movie actor who made lots of lookalike noirs in the 1940s, can't do much with this one: young man is accused of murdering an unhappily married singer; when he's sentenced to die, his wife decides to solve the case herself with help from the dead woman's husband. after a dazzling opening shot, flick quickly settles into b-movie formula. it certainly looks good, but the twist finish is colorlessly handled and the cast (including peter lorre and broderick crawford) is just a bit stiff. based on a cornell woolrich novel, and passable for a single viewing. ** from ****

it was difficult to sit through this horrible heretical adaptation of sherlock holmes. apparently matt frewer was cast because he is tall and skinny. his skull-like face made for a good zombie in the dawn of the dead remake, but as sherlock holmes he looks like a scarecrow. not only does frewer have a lanky lackadaisical walk that is hard to watch, but he looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical holmes overcoats that he is wearing. not only that, but while the coat is gray twill they apparently could not find a matching cap. so his cap is black and it looks shiny as if it were made of polyester. whatever the cap was made of, it looked very new and artificial. jeremy brett occasionally wore those traditional outfits, but brett did not have to dress-up like sherlock holmes in order to look the part. frewer on the other hand is painful to watch. even in the full "holmes" outfit, he does not carry himself like sherlock holmes.frewer's cadaverous face grinning all the time as he spouts on and on in a very bad "upper-crust" british accent is painful to see and listen to. to say that frewer is overacting is an understatement. after he finishes each sentence with some kind of nasal hum, he then sneers as if that were some kind of british trait. when i started watching this i thought it might be a comedy featuring wishbone, the jack russell terrier. i thought frewer had been cast as some kind of foil for wishbone. but sadly, there is no dog in this movie except for frewer. wishbone would have made this movie a lot better.not only does frewer's version of sherlock holmes never stop talking (in that awfully artificial british nasal accent), but he is much to friendly and kind. frewer is always smiling at the witnesses he talks to, and he is so polite and courteous that he could be teaching at a charm school instead of being a sleuth. perhaps since this is a hallmark channel production, they are trying to make a children's version of sherlock holmes (wishbone was better at that, too) that was kindler and gentler. whatever the point of frewer's interpretation of sherlock holmes, it is flatter than a pancake, and easily the worst version of sherlock holmes that i have ever seen (including the previous worst, by charlton heston).overall, the tone of this film is awful. it reminded me of a typical episode of barnaby jones or murder she wrote or diagnosis murder. all the suspects over-acted suspiciously and glared at the victims before they were killed. holmes and watson are explaining every clue to each other during the entire movie. even on murder she wrote there is less exposition.this sherlock holmes does not even compare very well to jim rockford of the rockford files and it is miles below columbo. the awful dialog is probably the fault of the writer. it is obvious that who ever wrote this script has very little familiarity with sherlock holmes, especially the bbc version with jeremy brett. this movie has all of the atmosphere of an episode of little house on the prairie. the fact that the actors seem to be smirking when they enunciate their lines in their fake accents does not help.the only minor bright spot is ken walsh who plays doctor watson with some dignity. walsh does not ham it up compared to frewer, and when he is often interviewing witnesses, his demeanor and conversational style are much more natural and credible. unfortunately, the rest of the cast is amateurish, and the visual clues they give by glaring and making faces at each other (to show they are suspicious) is something that i had not seen in any modern movie.

as a casual listener of the rolling stones, i thought this might be interesting. not so, as this film is very 'of its age', in the 1960's. to me (someone born in the 1980's) this just looks to me as hippy purist propaganda crap, but i am sure this film was not made for me, but people who were active during th '60's. i expected drugs galore with th stones, i was disappointed, it actually showed real life, hard work in the studio, so much so i felt as if i was working with them to get to a conclusion of this god awful film. i have not seen any of the directors other films, but i suspect they follow a similar style of directing, sort of 'amatuerish' which gave a feeling like the tv show eurotrash, badly directed, tackily put together and lacking in real entertainment value. my only good opinion of this is that i didn't waste money on it, it came free with a sunday paper.

it utterly defeats me why godard is taken so seriously - and one plus one is a great example of his ineptitude as both a filmmaker and an 'intellectual' polemicist. it's hard to credit that godard actually believed all that marxist and maoist kant. anyone with half a brain could work out the bankruptcy of those 'isms' and how many people they had destroyed and were continuing to destroy even as godard was making his films supporting them. as a filmmaker, ask yourself: would you have boring voice-overs reading tedious political diatribes at your audience, and then, when you couldn't think of anything else to do, layer another voice-over to the first voice-over, which had lost its listeners after the first 100 words in any case? brilliant, jean-luc! as for godard insisting on making a film with the rolling stones: of course he did; wouldn't you? it was the only guarantee of getting such mindless rubbish seen in the first place: the genius of the stones eclipsing a talentless and babbling political idiot set loose with a camera. the bookshop scene wasn't worthy of even the worst fringe theatre, and was an insult to the intelligence of even the young children who were used to play in it - as could be readily seen. copping-out by allowing friendly critics to claim that all this artless crap was a satire on mainstream film-making is no more than a safe get-out to offer those who clearly see godard's poverty of intellect and arrogant contempt for his audience. ironic that godard's one-time great friend, truffaut, with nuit americain, made the best film about film-making ever, and godard made the worst with le mepris! incidentally, godard didn't choose the stones' track of sympathy with the devil. it just happened to be the track they were working on when the 'film' started shooting at barnes olympic studios.

