horrible acting, bad story line, cheesy makeup, and this is just the tip of the iceberg. i have never seen a worse movie in my life, 5 minutes in i decided to fast forward to see if anything redeeming would happen... it didn't. (aside from a nice breast shot) the movie apparently was filmed in some furniture warehouse, and the same warehouse was used for at least 90% of the sets. you even see this same red chair in several different "locations" if you are going to make a film at least rent an office building and an apartment, not some warehouse which will echo all your actor's dialog.. (note to producers) renting a small office space and an apartment for a month is much cheaper than an entire warehouse, and both are quite a bit more versatile and believable) if you spend your money to rent this people i hope you got it with a return guarantee... you will be demanding your money back... i only spent $2.99 to rent this tonight and i feel ripped off.

every year i watch hundreds of films, including many low budget amateurish straight-to-dvd abominations that nobody in their right mind would ever want to see. i have seen thousands of films in my time, many excellent, many forgettable. zombie nation i will remember forever as one of the most hopelessly laughable 'horror' films i have ever seen – in fact i still haven't recovered from the experience of watching it.the day after, it seems like some kind of weird dream. did i really see what i thought i saw? why do the police work out of a warehouse? did the voodoo priestesses really recommend that the 'zombies' eat cheeseburgers? is it safe? is it safe? is it safe? i wouldn't recommend zombie nation if you want to see a 'good' film, and neither would i recommend it as 'so bad its good'. however, if you are entertained by the prospect of watching probably the most indefensibly abysmal film ever – this is for you. now, whenever anyone asks me what the worst film i have ever seen is, i will say zombie nation.seriously – i think it's a greater crime to make a boring film than a bad one, and ulli lommel deserves credit for producing a film that actually stuns you with its ineptitude. he really is the ed wood jr. of the digital age, and i for one can't wait to see if he makes another film as consistently ridiculous as this one.

i've discovered that this film gets rented based off of the packaging. the zombie on the front of the dvd looks cool and scary. then you get to the movie and it's women with raccoon masks on. zero special effects...and even the fight scenes you can see them miss punches by 2 feet. the funny thing is that lommel acts in the movie briefly himself and is worse than the rest of the crap actors in the movie. the only thing i can think is that lommel is just trying to make such a bad film that people dub it a "cult classic"...however, i can't possibly imagine anyone thinking this is anything but one of the worst movies ever made. the real horror in this film is how bad it is. i'm embarrassed i rented it and vow never to see another lommel film again!

this is one of the worst films ever. i like cheesy movies but this is simply awful. where are the images in the film that are on the box? i think more money was spent on the dvd box illustrations than on the entire film. why would a company release a dvd that the cover is so misleading? i feel like such an idiot for renting this movie based strictly on the box. as much as i explore imdb i should have done a little research and made a list prior to visiting my local video rental store. i have no one to blame except myself. i want my money and time back. do not watch this movie. even if curiosity is motivating you, stick cocktail umbrellas in your eyes instead. it will be much more enjoyable. you have been warned!

dull, flatly-directed "comedy" has zero laughs and wastes a great cast. alan alda wore too many hats on this one and it shows. newcomer anthony lapaglia provides the only spark of life in this tedium but it's not enough.one of those scripts that, if you were a neophyte and submitted it to an agent or producer, would be ripped to shreds and rejected without discussion.

one of the lamer wedding movies you'll see. smacks too too much of its time period so it was out of date before it hit the theaters. the ethnic stereotypes are like a henny youngman joke, except they just aint in the least bit funny here. molly ringwald, well what else needs to be said. give you a clue to the silliness, she destroys a $10,000 wedding dress, because "it just won't be me" makes it into this rag, with straps and puts on a top hat, and everyone smiles cutely at her moxy, rather than ringwalding her neck. its a helluva a cast too, check out how heavy ally sheedy is. wheeeew!

with this film, bunuel manipulates the viewer with all of film's might while stating clearly in the film that his work is one of 'objectivity'. obviously, it is not. for one reason, many scenes 'shot by pure chance' are obvious set-ups (when that poor goat 'accidently' falls off the cliff, you can actually see the gun smoke on the right of the screen!). for another, his concealing of one important information: the hurdes people were the way they were for a specific reason which is just hinted at in the film. that is, goitre, a sickness caused by lack of iodine (salt). this goitre is the cause of their cretinism and had bunuel only took the time to make his research (heck, if he checked 'cretinism' in a medical dictionary he'd have found 'goitre') he might have ended up telling the truth about these people (still, doubtfully). instead, with his film, he judges them constantly, talking about them as 'cretins', again and again, dramatizing the action, setting-up scenes to create the spectacle, all of this very unacceptable for a documentarist which claims to work for an all-mighty objectivity. bunuel talks all the time in this film, not letting one word to the people he is filming. he talks for them and, even then, judges them. this piece is flawed to it's roots, to it's ideology and it's a real shame it's considered a great film.

raising victor vargas: a reviewyou know, raising victor vargas is like sticking your hands into a big, steaming bowl of oatmeal. it's warm and gooey, but you're not sure if it feels right. try as i might, no matter how warm and gooey raising victor vargas became i was always aware that something didn't quite feel right. victor vargas suffers from a certain overconfidence on the director's part. apparently, the director thought that the ethnic backdrop of a latino family on the lower east side, and an idyllic storyline would make the film critic proof. he was right, but it didn't fool me. raising victor vargas is the story about a seventeen-year old boy called, you guessed it, victor vargas (victor rasuk) who lives his teenage years chasing more skirt than the rolling stones could do in all the years they've toured. the movie starts off in `ugly fat' donna's bedroom where victor is sure to seduce her, but a cry from outside disrupts his plans when his best-friend harold (kevin rivera) comes-a-looking for him. caught in the attempt by harold and his sister, victor vargas runs off for damage control. yet even with the embarrassing implication that he's been boffing the homeliest girl in the neighborhood, nothing dissuades young victor from going off on the hunt for more fresh meat. on a hot, new york city day they make way to the local public swimming pool where victor's eyes catch a glimpse of the lovely young nymph judy (judy marte), who's not just pretty, but a strong and independent too. the relationship that develops between victor and judy becomes the focus of the film. the story also focuses on victor's family that is comprised of his grandmother or abuelita (altagracia guzman), his brother nino (also played by real life brother to victor, silvestre rasuk) and his sister vicky (krystal rodriguez). the action follows victor between scenes with judy and scenes with his family. victor tries to cope with being an oversexed pimp-daddy, his feelings for judy and his grandmother's conservative catholic upbringing.the problems that arise from raising victor vargas are a few, but glaring errors. throughout the film you get to know certain characters like vicky, nino, grandma, judy and even judy's best friend melonie. the problem is, we know nothing of victor vargas except that he is the biggest gigolo in the neighborhood. we know that he knows how to lick his lips, and comb his fro, and carry himself for the sake of wooing girls into the sack, but that's all. we know that nino plays piano, and quiet well, you could see it by the awards on the family piano. we know his sister nicki, is a gossip-loving girl with an invested interest in watching tv. we know that grandma is a hard-working traditional latina woman who's trying to raise her kids with conservatively in a world of excess corruption. yet where is the titular character, victor vargas? he's in this movie somewhere, but we only know what the movie tells us. this is by far the film's biggest flaw. victor vargas isn't so much a character but a ping-pong ball, bouncing between scenes with judy and his grandmother, but we never get to know who victor vargas really is. this is important because as i've mentioned the only thing we know of victor vargas is that he's a sexually active teenager with a libido the size of manhattan. he's a total alpha-male. victor vargas is not the kind of character i sympathize with at all. why should anyone? so by the end of the movie, in the aftermath of the climax are we truly led to believe that somehow victor vargas has attained any depth and learned the errors of his ways? how could such a two-dimensional character have any depth? if only the director had worried a little more about fleshing out his main character instead of worrying about getting that perfect hand-held shot.raising victor vargas brings to life the world of the latino inner-city neighborhood to the big screen. something that few films have done before in the past. the film has been complimented for feeling so real, and i won'targue with that. i haven't seen this level of reality since cbs aired survivor. seriously, although the movie has some nice shots of the city, the writer/director peter sollett was way too dependent on close-ups and hand-held shots. this problem is particularly noticed in indoor scenes that are so claustrophobic i was forced to perform deep-breathing exercises to keep from passing out. as the film continues, the shots get tighter and tighter with faces cropped from brow to chin on the screen; you can practically smell victor vargas's cheap cologne. the overall effect is unrealistic in contrast. the indoor scenes of inner-city apartments make them look small and cramp, which is not true. i've been in those type apartments; i used to live in one. they're not splendorous but they have high ceilings and they're decent living spaces. by the movie's standards you'd think that these apartments were 5x5 cells of brick-and-mortar, chipped paint and cracked walls. unfortunately, sollett's constant use of close-ups and one particularly bad shot with a zoom-in on one scene come off as totally amateurish. but raising victor vargas is only sollett's second film, and his most well known, a solid effort in filmmaking that will hopefully get better as he continues to make films. one review i read summarized the movie as, `ethnicity for ethnicity's sake,' and i cannot agree more. if victor vargas were truly a great film and story, then the characters' applicability wouldn't matter whether they were latino, chinese, etc. yet if you were to take this story and stick it in middle-class suburbia with a bunch of teeny-bopper white kids the results wouldn't be such glowing reviews, and we'd see the film's flaws more clearly. indeed, some other aspects of the use of latinos in this film bother me. while some aspects of victor vargas are accurate others i have to question. for example, victor, nino and vicky all share the same room to sleep. this set off an alarm for me because it seemed contrary to what i believe. any self-respecting latino family wouldn't have two older brothers sharing the same room with a thirteen-year old girl. at first i was unsure, perhaps i was wrong, but after speaking with my grandmother i knew my problem with this was justified. considering how conservative the grandmother is, you'd think that vicky would have been sleeping in her room.as a latino who grew up in a somewhat conservative cuban household, raised by my grandmother while my mother was working full-time, i could relate to the movie in many ways, which is why my critical viewpoints are bittersweet because i really wanted to love this movie. unfortunately, my lack of respect for victor vargas sabotaged my feelings for the film. maybe it's because victor vargas reminds me of those guys who were getting laid while i was playing with my sega genesis when i was seventeen. maybe it's because without any further introspection by the film, victor vargas is merely a stereotypical hot-blooded latino, who'll just end up shouting to girls from his car, `hey bay-bee, ju want to get into my luv mah-cheen?' either way i don't like him, so ultimately how can i like a film about him? so if you'll excuse me, i'm going to go stick my hands into a bowl of grits.

this movie has a very broadway feel - the backdrop, the acting, the 'noise'- and yet that's all it has. some 'sense' of a broadway without the bang. the movie is slow-paced, the picture disjointed, the singing 'pops up' on you so that you suddenly are reminded it's a musical. disappointing: sinatra intolerable: sinatra's fiancé---surely, the pitch and the accent of her voice was unnecessary. tolerable: mr "i remember the numbers on my dice" delight: brando's understated singing (very biased!)surprise: how much jean simmons looks like vivien leigh in her havana scenes. it's the bone structure! how i would've killed to have seen miss leigh in a role challenging brando again.

nathan detroit runs illegal craps games for high rollers in nyc, but the heat is on and he can't find a secure location. he bets chronic gambler sky masterson that sky can't make a prim missionary, sarah brown, go out to dinner with him. sky takes up the challenge, but both men have some surprises in store …this is one of those expensive fifties mgm musicals in splashy colour, with big sets, loud music, larger-than-life roles and performances to match; broadway photographed for the big screen if you like that sort of thing, which i don't. my main problem with these type of movies is simply the music. i like all kinds of music, from albinoni to zz top, but broadway show tunes in swing time with never-ending pah-pah-tah-dah trumpet flourishes at the end of every fourth bar aren't my cup of tea. this was written by the tag team of frank loesser, mankiewicz, jo swerling and abe burrows (based on a couple of damon runyon stories), and while the plot is quite affable the songs are weak. blaine's two numbers for example are identical, unnecessary, don't advance the plot and grate on the ears (and are also flagrantly misogynistic if that sort of thing bothers you). there are only two memorable tunes, luck be a lady (sung by brando, not sinatra as you might expect) and sit down, you're rockin' the boat (nicely performed by kaye) but you have to sit through two hours to get to them. the movie's trump card is a young brando giving a thoughtful, laid-back performance; he also sings quite well and even dances a little, and is evenly matched with the always interesting simmons. the sequence where the two of them escape to havana for the night is a welcome respite from all the noise, bustle and vowel-murdering of noo yawk. fans of musicals may dig this, but in my view a musical has to do something more than just film the stage show.

though frank loesser's songs are some of the finest that broadway has to offer, they're bollixed by joseph l. mankiewicz' lethargic staging and uninspired presentation--when it's over it barely feels like you've watched a musical. mankiewicz doesn't seem to know how to present loesser's challenging but tuneful melodies for maximum effect: for example, one of the best numbers, the showstopping `adelaide's lament', concludes by having adelaide (vivian blaine) belt out the finale while sitting on a chaise lounge; and stubby kaye's faux-spiritual `sit down, you're rockin' the boat' has his backing choir sitting in folding chairs while he simply stands there. mankiewicz zaps all the fun out of everything by letting static scenes go on too long and his dialogue (adapted from abe burrows' stage book) has none of the wit that his films like `all about eve' have. part of the blame has to go to the leads, just about all of whom are miscast: marlon brando looks bewildered as to why he's in a musical, frank sinatra plays way too nice a guy and has none of the edge which makes him so essential (the songs are not tailored to his style) and jean simmons barely registers the way a shirley jones might. only blaine, as the lovelorn showgirl adelaide, commands our attention like a broadway pro should. the colorful art direction is by joseph wright and howard bristol created the flashy sets.

*****this review may have spoilers - but that determination would be negligible in such a classic and well-known story*****the cinderella story ranks as my favorite fairy tale. the world will never have enough of this wonderful tale.the problem is that everyone wants to tell their own version of the tale. this cannot work if the story deviates or attempts to throw some interesting ideas together with some magical photography and scrumptious looking production designs with poor direction and editing.this cinderella story is more like an ugly duckling that never hatches or rather, is never transformed into a swan.all the production value that money can buy, cannot purchase good cinematic timing and dramatic development - or good acting.the entrance of cinderella at the ball as so poorly done, there was no drama of anticipation nor excitement of discovery.the writing made me very nervous, too. the prince charming was the most undesirable of memory. why would any girl want to marry a boorish, self-absorbed prince who disliked women? turner's turn on the stepmother role was an embarrassingly painful showing that demonstrated one-liners more than acting nuance.even the cinderella part held little interest or sympathy.perhaps only one sentence will describe this attempt: so cheaply '90's,what must be mentioned and mentioned in shameful excess is the glorious photography, matte work and production design. it was a pleasure to peruse the landscapes, sets and settings as the story unfolded.for some cinderella storytelling, go for two gems:1) rodgers and hammerstein's cinderella musical with lesley ann warren. even with the obvious stagey tv - 60's look to the sets, this is the best version on celluloid - bar none. an all star cast makes every effort to provide the highest entertainment. engaging, diverting and memorable writing and music. this is the classic.2) ever after- this drew barrymore gem maintains the historical perspective, alters the story line but not enough to derail the effective development of the salient points of this classic tale. the characters of the principals and of all of the supporting roles were written smartly and acted well.

bizarre take on the cinderella tale. terribly poor script, but kathleen turner turns in a pretty decent evil step-mother performance.visually stunning in some parts, but that's about it. the period costumes range from the elizabethan era to the 1990s. fast forward until you see something interesting and save yourself the full 90 minutes of drivel.if you're really in the mood for a cinderella story - i suggest "ever after: a cinderella story" or "the glass slipper".

usually i'm a bit of a fan of the bad eighties & early nineties film featuring now has beens...but this film is so incredibly terrible that it was a real endurance test to sit through. guys dressing up as girls has been done to death - but never so pathetically. corey haim's performance was abysmal as usual, nicole eggert was not much better. this has no redeeming qualities, even if you are a number #1 fan of an actor/actress in this piece of trash - stay away!

well, here we have yet another role reversal movie. there were many worth watching, despite the tired plot of gender reversal. however, this one is not. in previous reviews, i think i've made my point about the general decline of enjoyment for haim movies that followed the late 80s. this is one of them.'just one of the girls' is about a high school kid (corey haim) who tries to avoid his bullies by dressing up as a girl and attending another school. he joins the cheerleading squad and makes friends with fellow cheerleader, marie (nicole eggert). obviously, he can't keep up the charade for too much longer.i thought this movie was utter crap, and it wasn't even funny. but, judging by a majority of reviews, it looks like fans of alanis morrisette or teen sex queen, nicole eggert, are the only ones who'd want to watch this. if you're looking for a good haim feature (or role switching comedy), look no further than 1989. this is about the point that haim's career tanked.

i'd never seen a tarzan movie before so when i saw it on the tele i thought i'd give it a shot. unfortunately i have to say i was disappointed. tarzan was over 40 years old and somewhat overweight. not how i'd imagined tarzan would look. and, unless i missed it while making myself a cup of tea, tarzan never gave his traditional warbling yell. also missing was tarzan swinging through the trees - leaping from vine to vine.oh well, so much for expectations. anyway, jane was there - the monkey cheeta was there. there was some guy with a guitar there. there were villains and good guys and a romance... all very harmless and predictable. nothing bad, you understand, but equally nothing good.probably not the best movie to introduce tarzan: 4/10

last of the johnny weissmuller tarzan films and a good thing too, as this is easily the worst of the 12 films he made over a period of 16 years. no mermaids are featured here either as a beautiful island woman tries to escape the clutches of her people, who worship a god and try to force her to be its bride. she finds tarzan and jane, who try to protect her. george zucco is present as a potentially villainous high priest but isn't used to his full advantage. also on hand and worthy of mention is a hugely annoying guitar player/singer who goes into song every so often. even the "great" robert florey can't aid this one.*1/2 (of four)

i have yet to read a negative professional review of this movie. i guess i must have missed something. the beginning is intriguing, the three main characters meet late at night in an otherwise empty bar and entertain each other with invented stories. that's the best part. after the three go their separate ways, the film splits into three threads. that's when boredom sets in. certainly, the thread with the felliniesque babushkas who make dolls out of chewed bread is at first an eye opening curiosity. unfortunately, the director beat this one to death, even injecting a wild plot line that leads nowhere in particular. bottom line: a two-hour plot-thin listlessness. if you suffer from insomnia, view it in bed and you will have a good night sleep.

perhaps being a former moscovite myself and having an elastic sense of humor prevents me from tossing this movie into the 'arthouse/festival crap' trashcan. it's not the greatest film of 2005, nor is it complete garbage. it just has a lot of problems. i also sincerely doubt this movie was banned due to any 'ideological fears', or 'conservative taboos' or any other reason this movie might conversely be called 'courageous' and 'uncompromising' abroad. it was banned because the censors knew 99% of the russian film-goers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the shooting and editing of this otherwise dull film.so we have a strong opening shot. wonderful sound design, excellent premise - laden with meaning and symbolism. the usage and placement of symbols will consistently be of the film's strongest aspects (not that the number 4 is a daunting visual challenge). over the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong setup. an amusing and well-written bar conversation among the 3 (main?) characters, and we feel pathos for these people, the great country of russia, the human condition and all that. then the movie starts slowing down. we begin to wonder what -yawn- lies ahead.the rest is quite boring, simply put. sure, the guy in the village tugs the heartstrings, and there are some slightly amusing moments. nice sound, sure. but the enjoyment of this movie, not to mention the plot, are seriously compromised by the pacing problems. and this, this lack of a payoff for sitting through all the (nicely-shot) abject misery and bleakness, is what ultimately will make people angry at the 'offensive' stuff (personally, the main offensive scene bordered on being endearing, in that pathetic way harmless drunks can appear).if you want to watch an enjoyable movie where russians get wasted for prolonged periods of time (the entire film), watch particulars of the national hunt. much more rewarding post-soviet stuff. so yeah, a 4 out of 10 for 4, nice and symbolic of my post-mediocre-film condition.

the movie starts quite with an intriguing scene, three people are drinking and making small talk in a bar. all of them are making up a bit outrageous stories. as the movie unfolds, it turns out that the most outrageous story is true. however, beyond that the movie is not very interesting except for the scene in the bar and the scene where main secret is revealed. this revelation happens barely half time into the movie and frankly, not much is left to be seen. the rest of the time director is lingering in a god forsaken russian village full of pitiful and creepy old ladies. sure, these are fascinating and a bit shocking images, but admiring them goes on way too long, sacrificing any possible plot or character development. i found this movie as another example of either lousy or lazy movie-making, where instead of trying to make an interesting story, movie makers concentrate on weirdly fascinating imagery and through in a few almost unrelated stories (case in point - meat trader's story) to leave the spectator to figure out all odds and ends. on a surface it has artsy appearance, but in this particular case is nothing more than lack of talent.

i saw the film at the belgrade film festival last week, and i'm still working off the trauma. essentially my view seems to match a number of others - the first half hour was fresh, sharp, deep, entertaining and promising. well acted too. natural. my problem, however, is not simply with the fact that the final hour and a half of the film have nothing to do with the likable beginning, nor the fact that i spent most of this time convulsing in agony at sharp, grating industrial sounds and squinting at drunken, toothless, bread-chewing hags. it's rather with the fact that they never warned me!!! the festival brochure synopsis described only the (utterly intriguing-sounding) first half hour - a whore, piano tuner and meat seller chat in a bar, pretending to be an advertising agent, genetic engineer, and petty government administration official, respectively - making no mention whatsoever of the never-ending gum-smacking to come. serves me right for not reading the reviews, you might say - but to my defense, a number of reviews i looked at post-fact um didn't at all stress the immensity and utter unbearableness of the greater part of the film.the first hint should have been the introductory words by the director (a bashful, tousle-haired russian youth) who stepped in front of the crammed auditorium (the film seems to be doing incredibly well critically, and tickets were sold out well in advance of the screening, though most of the audience seemed as unaware as i was of the pain to come, judging by the plethora of unearthly moans and groans that utterly permeated the theatre during the last half hour, and many exasperated comments on exit) to say the following: 'well, i... um, thank you very much for coming to see this film, and i just wanted to say... well, it's a very long film... it took me four years to make it, and... it's.. i suggest that you see it and immediately try to forget about it. it is very long. thank you for coming.' this is what he said. alarm bells should have been ringing. 'what's he talking about?' i thought in happy confusion. 'this is gonna be fun!' of course, by the time his strangely apologetic comments started making sense to me, it was far too late to get out. all i could do is writhe in increasing agony until the lights came on again. and in the end i can't say i feel in any way improved by the experience. yes, i absolutely loved the first half hour. it was intelligent, new, and had a lot to say. and yes, russia is probably in a bad state. yes, every society has many hidden faces. yes, toothless life in barren wastelands is probably unimaginably hard. yes yes yes. i get all of this. really i do. but i see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonisingly drawn out, and so painful to bear. if you want to see a film land somewhere between the extremes of glitzy hollywood plastic fantastic and hours of muddy vodka swigging, try the korean-chinese bin jip (3-iron). it's artsy and surprising, but also to-the-point and fun.

this was a blind buy used dvd. it totally killed a nice buzz i had going when i hit play.it's bubble-headed comedy, but it's um. squalid. the plot is zany!, but the characters do things to each other that are so petty and disturbed and conveniently contrived i ultimately found it depressing to watch.maybe the box lead me to expect something more than an uneven, goofy caper film. (i know, i know, the quotes on the box & the academy award nomination mean nothing.)

'iedereen beroemd' has everything we can expect from a straight to video-movie. it's the story about a man who believes his daughter could be a star. the only thing he needs is to get her on stage, surrounded by cameras and reporters. a simple plan for which he has to kidnap and do some blackmail. the problem with the movie is not the basic plot, but how it is made. everything is supposed to be funny, but it isn't. it is trivial and clumsy, the characters are shallow, and the end-sequence is totally without climax or emotion. the last sequence is probably the only scene where you feel like laughing, but only at how pathetic the whole set-up is.

this movie starts out with a certain amount of promise; but, in my view, begins to lose it when the protagonist kidnaps the good samaritan who comes to his aid when his car breaks down. that this well-meaning stranger begins to fix his car while he is away making a phone call is implausible enough, but that she is one of the few people in the country who can help him put his family's life back on track is the type of coincidence beginning writers are warned against using in their stories.i found this movie average at best. art direction could have been much better, as could have been cinematography. the acting was good, and so was eva van der gucht's singing.

mabel at the wheel is one of those movies with a behind-the-scenes story that's more interesting than the movie itself. this was chaplin's tenth comedy for keystone during his year of apprenticeship, and his first two-reeler. here he played one of his last out-and-out villain roles (although the feature-length tillie's punctured romance was yet to come), and it also marked one of the last times he would work for a director other than himself. in fact, chaplin's conflicts with director and co-star mabel normand almost got him fired from the studio.chaplin hadn't gotten along with his earlier directors, henry lehrman and george nichols, but according to his autobiography having to take direction from a mere "girl" was the last straw. charlie and mabel argued bitterly during the making of this film. chaplin was still a newcomer at keystone and his colleagues didn't know what to make of him, but everyone loved mabel. producer mack sennett was on the verge of firing chaplin when he learned that the newcomer's films were catching on and exhibitors wanted more of them a.s.a.p., so chaplin was promised the chance to direct himself in return for finishing this movie the way mabel wanted it.unfortunately, none of that drama is visible on screen in mabel at the wheel, which looks like typical keystone chaos. the story concerns an auto race in which mabel's beau (harry mccoy) is scheduled to compete, but wicked charlie and his henchmen abduct the lad, and mabel must take the wheel in his place. for all the racing around, brick hurling and finger-biting the film is frankly short on laughs, but there are a few points of interest. there's some good cinematography and editing in the race sequence, though there aren't really any gags, just lots of frantic activity. chaplin himself looks odd, sporting a goat-like beard on his chin and wearing the top hat and frock coat he wore in his very first film appearance, making a living, but the outfit suits the old-fashioned villainy he displays throughout. at least it's novel to watch him play such an uncharacteristic role. visible in the stands at the race track are such keystone stalwarts as chester conklin, edgar kennedy in a strangely dandified get-up, and a more characteristic mack sennett, spitting tobacco and doing his usual mindless rube routine. as a performer, sennett was about as subtle as the movies he produced, but you have to give the guy credit: he knew what people liked. these films were hugely popular in their day. mack's performance doesn't add much to mabel at the wheel, but he probably had to be on hand for the filming of this one to make sure his stars didn't kill each other.

i tried to sit through this bomb not too long ago.what a disaster .the acting was atrocious.there were some absolutely pathetic action scenes that fell flat as a lead balloon.this was mainly due to the fact that the reactions of the actors just didn't ring true.supposedly a modern reworking of the hitchcock original "lifeboat".i think hictcock would be spinning circles in his grave at the very thought of it.from what i was able to suffer through,there is nothing compelling in this movie.it boasts a few semi big names,but they put no effort into their characters.but,you know,to be fair,it was nobody's fault really.i mean,i'm pretty sure the script blew up in the first explosion. lol.it is possible that this thing ends up improving as it goes along.but for me,i'm not willing to spend at least three days to find out.so unless you have at least a three day weekend on the horizon,avoid this stinker/ 1/10

this film is really bad, with a script full of 'memorable' lines and incredibly bad performances. the special effects are also bad (not the worst ones i have seen, either) and the music is so bad that you have to listen to it to believe it. just two short themes (30 seconds long or so) are repeated constantly throughout the whole film.all in all, one of the worst films i have ever seen.

in the first one it was mainly giant rats, but there were some wasps and a giant chicken too. this one, however, is just giant rats period, well giant rats and one really growing little boy. this one is about this growing boy and a scientist that is trying to help him so he accidentally creates giant killer rats...you know how it is. this movie has some kills and its moments, but i find it to be on par with the original, i just prefer some variety in my giant creature movies. well, that is not true...i actually like "empire of the ants", maybe i just do not care for giant rodents. all in all a rather drab movie though it does have one rather odd turn of events in this one dream sequence that is truly bizarre. i just can't recommend this one.

boring, predictable, by-the-numbers horror outing at least has pretty good special effects and plenty of (mindless) mayhem and gore to satisfy (mindless) genre fans. mostly it's about giant rats chomping on a set of characters we don't care an iota about - if that's your thing, tune in. (*1/2)

who could possibly have wished for a sequel to bert i. gordon's legendary bad trash-film "food of the gods"? nobody, of course, but director damien lee thought it was a good idea, anyway, and he put together a belated sequel that stands as one of the most redundant movies in horror history. "gnaw" is a sequel in name only, as the setting moved to a typical late 80's location (a university campus) and also the cheap & cheesy gore effects perfectly illustrates the 80's. this script hangs together by clichés, awfully written dialogs and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other (and more successful) horror classics. neil hamilton is a goody two shoes scientist who performs growing-experiments on ordinary rodents in order to do a fellow scientist a favor. due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists, the huge and ravenous rats escape and devour pretty much everyone on campus. following the good old tradition that spielberg's "jaws" started, there's an obnoxious dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severely mutilated corpses are turning up everywhere. during a hysterically grotesque climax, the rats invade the opening ceremony of the campus' new sport complex! "gnaw: food of the gods 2" is terribly bad and therefore a lot of fun to watch! the characters do and say unimaginably stupid stuff (like descending into the sewers unarmed while they know it's infested with rats), the acting is atrocious and there's a genuinely bizarre sequence involving the hero having sex under the influence of growth-serum! i wonder what freud's theory would be on that! there's a satisfying amount of gore and sleaze and – it has to be said – the music is surprisingly atmospheric. in case you just can't get enough of this junk, there are quite a lot of creature-features revolving on mutated rats, like the italian schlock film "rats: night of terror", the modest 70's cult film "willard" and its lame sequel "ben", the 2003 "willard" remake starring crispin glover and the surprisingly good recent rat-movies by once-famous directors tibor ticaks ("rats") and john lafia ("the rats"). go nuts!

camp blood iii is a vast improvement on camp blood ii as it has sound mostly in the right places and a rudimentary plot. this time they've ventured slightly further away from the car park the other two movies were filmed in which is a good move as you can no longer hear cars driving past what is supposed to be a remote wilderness.this time around there's a reality tv show and a fake clown to scare off the contestants. this is hardly a new idea, i've seen at least three other horror movies with exactly the same premise where the real killer turns up but at least this one has a plot instead of people just randomly being stabbed with a knife.unlike the other two in the series this one is at least good for a few laughs. i liked how there's a gunshot sound effect when someone gets stabbed early on and the way the boom mike hovers behind people like a phantom.i don't know why anyone would want to make a third camp blood film, i would have thought it would be better to start from scratch but they have at least tried with this one. the half naked deformed woman was a bit much for me, it looks like they tried to keep continuity by hiring some freak who would get her clothes off for $5 just like they did in the second movie. they still haven't worked out that a machete is used for cutting not stabbing but oh well, it's a camp blood movie what do you expect? if you like crap films you'll get some fun out of this one.

nothing to say but wow! has anyone actually had somebody sneak up on them in an open field? well this happens about 25 times in this movie(clearly the directors' favorite scare tactic). in one of the opening scenes the smooth talking/hot shot producer has to ride in the back seat so the camera man could sit in the front to film. shortly after he arrives to the field the 5 contestants show up and, although it is clearly at latest 2 in the afternoon they are all convinced that the sun will set any minute. after about 30 minutes of boobless trash we are privileged with a flashback of the clown's history in which we see some of his previous victims. if you watch this movie check out the ladies chest.. her ribs go all the way to her neck, it was flat out disgusting. most horror movies action occurs during the night but without a night vision camera the chaos is forced to happen during the day. the few night shots that did make it in to the movie look like they were stolen from the blair witch project or random shots from the directors backyard. the movie somewhat redeemed itself in the end when there was a matrix like shoot out with the clown that we rewound and watched over and over laughing hysterically.definitely rent this movie if you have ever been snuck up on in an open field.signed, the answer

this movie was probably the worst movie i have ever seen. here are the things that immediately jump out at me: 1. the woods were more like hills in los angeles with a couple trees and brush. not scary whatsoever. news flash, if you are filming in the southern california area, big bear is only an hour away. they actually have trees there.2. the writing was absolutely without a doubt the worst dialogue i have ever experienced. every possible line in the movie was unoriginal, cliché, or just plain stupid. for instance the name of the camp is "camp blood" (lame), the name of the clown is "the killer clown" (lame). what is a clown doing in a forest anyway? was that the only mask they could find? 3. the last but certainly the least was the acting. absolutely the worst group of actors and actresses ever assembled. a virtual cornucopia of shitty lines and poor acting. worst part by far was when then randomly flash back to this fat foreign girl getting naked for a a photograph. it's a really long scene and i guess she was supposed to be sexy, but she was not. also, and this was one of the few enjoyable parts of the movie for me, was this tool who is supposed to be "athletic." for instance when he is bored in the movie he grabs a couple rocks and starts doing curls with them. then later on he is supposed to be running for the clown and it is immediately clear with his very "girl like" run, that he is quite far from athletic. oh and to the girl who played kat, good lord stop singing. that song you sang for the credits makes me want to kill myself.if for some reason you do see this movie, i would at least recommend watching the special features. the group of jackasses who made this film talk about it as if it is this really original story. in fact one of the girls actually says that she let some of her friends read the screenplay and none of them could predict the ending. apparently she hangs out with special kids.

after some internet surfing, i found the "homefront" series on dvd at ioffer.com. before anyone gets excited, the dvd set i received was burned by an amateur from home video tapes recorded off of their tv 15 years ago. the resolution and quality are poor. the images look like you would expect old re-recorded video to look. although the commercials were edited out, the ending credits of each episode still have voice-over announcements for the segway into the abc news program "nightline", complete with the top news headlines from the early 1990's. even with the poor image quality, the shows were watch-able and the sound quality was fine.to this show's credit, the casting was nearly perfect. everyone was believable and really looked the part. their acting was also above average. the role of jeff metcalf is played particularly well by kyle chandler (most recently seen in the 2005 remake of king kong). the period costumes were very authentic as were the sets, especially the 1940s kitchens with vintage appliances and décor. the direction was also creative and different for a tv show at that time. for example, conversations between characters were sometimes inter-cut with conversations about the same subject between other characters in different scenes. the dialog of the different conversations was kept fluid despite cutting back and fourth between the different characters and locations. that takes good direction and editing and they made it work in this case.as i started watching this series again i suddenly remembered why i lost interest in it 15 years ago. despite all the ingredients for a fine show, the plots and story lines are disappointing and confusing right from the start. for one thing, the name of the show itself is totally misleading. when wwii ended in 1945, there was no more fighting so obviously there was no longer a "homefront" either. curiously, the first episode of the show "homefront" begins in 1945 after the war had ended. that's like shooting the first episode of "gilligan's island" showing the castaways being rescued. the whole premise of the show's namesake is completely lost. i still held on to hope with the possibility of the rest of the series being a flashback but no, the entire show takes place from 1946 through 1948. additionally, this series fails miserably in any attempt to accurately portray any historical events of the late 1940's. by the third episode, it becomes obvious that this series was nothing more than a thinly veiled vehicle for an ultra left-wing political agenda. the show is set in river run ohio, near toledo. however, the show's ongoing racism theme makes it look more like jackson mississippi than ohio. part of the ensemble cast are dick williams, hattie winston and sterling macer jr. who portray the davis family. much of the series shows the davis family being discriminated against by the evil "whites" to the point of being ridiculous and totally absurd if not laughable. the racism card has been played and over played by hollywood now for over 40 years. we get it. we're also tired of having our noses rubbed in it on a daily basis. the subject of racism is also unpopular with viewers and it is the kiss of death for any show, as it was for "homefront". the acting talents of williams, winston and macer were wasted in their roles as the stereotypical "frightened / angry black family". the wildly exaggerated racism in this series makes it look like everyone in ohio was a kkk member or something. the racism issue could have been addressed in this show in a single episode with a simple punch in the nose or fist-fight in which a bigot gets a well deserved thrashing, and leave it at that. devoting a major portion of the series to the racism thing gets really old really quick and its just plain stupid.in yet another ridiculous plot line, the big boss of a local factory (ken jenkins) is portrayed as an ebenezer scrooge like character who is against pensions and raises and is unconcerned about acid dripping on his employees. the workers revolt and take over the factory in a blatant pro-communist propaganda message to the viewer.personally, i think this series had great potential. the writers could have easily placed the timeline in 1941 – 1945 as the title suggests and shown the hardships of food and gas rationing and working 14 hour days at war factories. of course the loss of brothers, sons and husbands fighting overseas would have also added drama. the situation was also perfect for writing in special guest stars as military or uso personnel passing through their town during training or en-route to europe or the pacific. the possibilities for good story lines and plots are endless. but no, the writers of homefront (david assael and james grissom) completely ignored any relevant or interesting plots. instead, they totally missed the point and strayed into a bizarre and irrelevant obsession with racism and left-wing politics. it would be unfair to the actors to condemn the entire series but the plots and situations in which they were placed are total garbage.

why did i waste my money on this on the last day of sundance? i want a refund... can i have my $16 back? while i was watching this film i kept waiting for something to happen, nothing did happen. the only way i even knew what it was supposed to be about was by reading the plot, which was not really like the film. why did the director zoom in with their handy cam and then zoom out? it was not very artistic. why did the director show lulu filing her nails for fifteen minutes? why is it when the actors tried to speak they sounded like they were reading? or was that the point? i felt like phantom love had no story at all, and to be honest i felt like my friends vacation videos had a much higher entertainment value than this film.

this film was so disappointing. from the blurb that made me decide to see phantom love (why is it called this?)i had expected something arty and thoughtful with beautiful imagery. it did have some interesting images but these often seemed random and made no sense. in fact they seemed like they were inserted to fill in time. in the end the effect was listless.i believe the film was meant to be atmospheric, but it just wasn't. the lack of a coherent plot did not help matters. you might say it was mysterious, but i think it was just incoherent with no atmosphere.the main character seemed to be disturbed but the plot did not draw me in enough to care about her situation. without looking at the cast list i would not have known that you see the main character as a child. the film has very little context for the time, place or character. i am not a prude but the sex scenes (there were several) seemed pointless and confused me further, i recognised lulu but i was not sure if it was the same man, different men, a lover, her husband or was she a prostitute. it was only when i saw the credits that i discovered the hairy back was meant to belong to her lover. this film did manage to make what should have been shocking (dream sequences involving lulu's mother) seem a bit boring.the nail filing actually made more sense, as it did give some indication of lulu's emotional state. i will not fault the actors as i don't they had a lot to work on.i do not know if the lack of context or flow in the film was because of ineptitude or because it was pretentious but the end result was dull.i can't be bothered talking about it anymore.

del - "you are the dumbest smart person i've ever met."calvin- "well,i had a brain, but they lost it in the re-writes."i think what i find most egregious about this bastardization of asimov's work was how the character of susan calvin was portrayed. in the books, she was actually one of the first strong female protagonists, able to think her way through a problem. here she's just a damsel in distress, waiting to be rescued by wil smith.there are passing references to asimov's laws of robotics, but they are an afterthought to the cgi and action scenes.smith is likable, as he is in most of his films, but honestly, the story isn't that good. you figure it out long before these genius characters do.

waiting to go inside the theathre with tickets in my hand, i expected an interesting sci-fi fantasy movie which could finally feed my appetite of movies regarding robot-technology, instead i went disappointed by each aspect of it, once more proving that stunning special effects can't help a boring plot, which by my opinion was the worse in this year. acting in this movie also dissatisfied me, will smith didn't show anything new in this movie, yet i never saw his acting to change since "men in black" which was his only success by my opinion. he had to retire since than, not spoiling his name with titles like "i,robot" and "men in black 2". 4/10

i can't really think of any redeeming features of this utterly bad rendering on asimov than the art direction. forget the product placement disaster, the unconvincing performance from will smith and the gargantuan plot-holes. this wasn't only laughable and but painful to watch. even the action was boring. a mixture of mtv inspired production values and utterly bad dialogue probably aimed at very small children.what a shame that sci-fi this bad can still be made after we've had bladerunner, minority report or to a lesser extent dark city (by the same director). this one really belongs in the bottom 100 list. truly awful.

after perusing the large amount of comments on this movie it is clear that there are two kinds of science fiction movie-goers. there are the ones who are well read, extremely literate, and intelligent. they know the history of the genre and more importantly they know to what heights it can reach in the hands of a gifted author. for many years science fiction languished in the basement of literature. considered my most critic to be little more than stories of ray guns and aliens meant for pre-pubescent teenagers. today's well read fan knows well this history, and knows the great authors asimov, heinlein, bradbury, and ellison, who helped bring science fiction out of that basement. in doing so they created thought provoking, intelligent stories that stretched the boundaries and redefined the human condition. this well informed fans are critical of anything hollywood throws at them. they are not critical for it's own sake, but look upon each offering with a skeptical eye. (as they should as hollywood's record has been less than stellar.) to these fans the story must take supreme importance. they cannot be fooled by flashy computer graphics, and non stop action sequences. when the emperor has no clothes they scream it the loudest.the second type of science fiction movie goer has little knowledge about the written aspect of the genre. (look at many of the above comments that state "well i haven't read the book or anything by this author...) their total exposure to science fiction is from movies or the scifi channel. they are extremely uncritical, willing to overlook huge plot holes, weak premises, and thin story lines if they are given a healthy dose of wiz bang action and awesome special effects. they are, in effect, willing to turn off their critical thinking skills (or maybe they never had them!) for the duration of the movie. case in point, i robot. while supposedly based on asimov's short stories and named after one of his novels, it contains little of what asimov wrote and even less of what he tried to tell us about humanity and our robotic creations. (those of you that will run out and buy i, robot will be very much surprised-this movie isn't even based on that story at all!) the film has enormous plot holes, that at some points are stretched to the limits of credulity. i won't point them out. i won't spoon feed you. you need to practice you thinking skills and discover them for yourself. the characters, which are named after many of asimov's characters, do not possess the critical intelligence that was a hallmark of his stories. the plot itself with all it's action sequences goes against everything that the author stood for. his belief that humanity possesses the capacity to solve problems using their minds, not their fists, is vital to understanding his vision of the future. in short, other than the name, their is very little of isaac in anything about this movie. there will always be those uncritical (i.e. unthinking) who will state: "the movie doesn't have to be like the book. due to the medium, movies sometimes require that changes be made." but what about a case where the movie never even tried to stay close to the book (or books) from the start? what if all they took from the written work was the title? this begs the question: why tarnish a great body of work by slapping it's title on your vacuous piece of crap? save money and don't buy the rights to the works. title it something else. don't use the character's names. believe me no one will accuse you of plagiarism. in fact it won't matter what you title it to the unread moviegoer who accepts everything you throw at him. but it will upset those who read, who think, who are unwilling to simply let you give them a pretty light show. i, robot, like much of hollywood's take on the genre, pushes science fiction back down into that basement it lived in years ago. hollywood could not do this alone. it takes an uncritical mindless audience that will accept puerile dredge like this.

i just saw this film on dvd last night, and decided to check out the reviews this morning. it seems that "i, robot" has polarized the critical viewing community here on imdb (and given rise to a lot of insults and name-calling, too).i find this somewhat surprising, as this film is not great (or even good), but neither is it terrible (or even really bad). what this film really is, is...depressing. depressing that the us film-goer population is so ready to lap up insipid, clichéd re-heats, and acclaim them as spectacular new works. this film as "retread" written all over it, from the plot line (an uneasy mix of asimov and modern-day uber-action) to smith's character (a smart-mouthed cynic with a backbone of titanium), to the special effects (that borrowed from matrix and a few others)."i, robot" is, sadly, quite possibly the perfect action movie for today's audience: superficial plot, insipidly snappy dialog, and lots and lots of adrenaline. smith is mediocre, but we already knew that (he seems to be hollywood's latest unsuccessful attempt to create a black bruce willis). the story has lots of holes in it, of all sizes, but i don't think most people drawn to this film are critically-minded enough to notice. perhaps a blockbuster by today's standards, but very b-movie compared to true winners.

this is probably the most boring, worse and useless film i have seen last year. the plot that was meant to have some philosophical aspects emerged to me as a very bad hollow copy of the matrix, with plenty of clichés: the lone wolf cop, good looking, psychologically disturbed, sleeping with his gun... + nice hard worker and shy, but good looking she-scientist, you add a 2 cent plot and you have i, robot! i was terribly disturbed by the obvious advertising of brands like fedex,audi,converse etc. this movie stinks the commercialization and tend to be more a poor ad spot that unfortunately will not end after 30 sec. i wouldn't recommend this to my worse enemy, if you have some spare time, watch a good tv program instead or better read a nice book.

in spite of the great future-design touches, the clever asimov premise, and will smith's dependable cool performance, this movie doesn't live up to expectations. the clichés come thick and fast; (waking from a recurring nightmare, maverick cop has his badge revoked by hardass lieutenant, to list more would be spoiling it - you can see the end a mile off). this movie is also stagebound - you never feel that you have travelled anywhere; what's supposed to be a global disaster never leaves an obviously cgi chicago. the robots themselves are good in closeup, but the 'crowd' scenes look more like bad disney -the cgi is overdone again and again. and if you can destroy the robots by smashing them, why do they need to inject 'nanites'? you know it's a duff movie when stupid questions like that start to bother you before the climax. it could have been great, but it's less than the sum of its parts, mainly due to the utterly predictable plot that could have come from any action film of the last forty years.

this "film" is the culmination of everything that is bad about modern film. unnecessary slow motion, unnecessary flipping/jumping/somersaults, unnecessary characters, unnecessary dialogue.... basically unnecessity. (is that a word? well, it's just been invented by i, robot.)what happened to practicality? (i.e. the car garage, the skin spray) the only tool that shows a combination of futuristic and realistic function is the card swipe at the coffee shop.what happened to showing respect for women? (i.e. smith's character does nothing but degrade the doctor for the better part of the film, and yet she still "wants" him. where is the tension? i'll tell you where, good looks and not admiration or common ground)what happened to a detective that detects? smith did nothing but sit around and feel sorry for himself, complaining to other people, and when they said something that sparked a thought he was off. this is such a lame way to get the story from point b-c-d-etc... it was ok once, but not several times in a row. (speaking of several times in a row, what was the "i'm snoring and not listening to you joke? twice in one scene?)what happened to the small parts in a movie being somewhat meaningful and not just a tool to promote rescue scenes? shia labeouf (the kid) is in the movie for a total of two scenes, we know that a-he degrades women, and b-he knows smith....... so of course we should care about him and whether or not he comes to harm,what happened to hero's? let's just forget that there are people, women and children everywhere getting attacked by robots and selfishly save the only person withing my view that i have an acquaintance with. and why did he have to ramp his bike through the air, showing off, while the doctor was somehow able to reach the same distance in a matter of seconds on foot.don't get me wrong, i'm all for spectacle. but i'm also all for a shred of realism and meaning.i have to say i've never laughed quite so hard at a film in a long time. so thanks alex. i pray for the swing of the social pendulum back to simpler techniques, simpler stories and simpler everything else in films...... but mainly simpler techniques.big budget action films: "you so have to die"

this movie was a mess. it had the absolute worst editing i have ever seen. it was almost like at the end of a scene the writer wanted to go to commercial, and the filmmaker added a second of black screen to fulfill the writers dream.under the messy direction and editing, there was a glimmer of something good. a good idea, a compelling spark. but somewhere it went wrong.the story is about a quasi-psychic priest who is trying to solve a string of murders. the first thing that is hard to bite into is richard grieco as a priest. well the part doesn't call for him to be a good priest and he succeeds rather well. the second problem is dennis hopper as the crazy bad guy. he always plays the crazy bad guy. very ho hum.oh, a thought occured to me that maybe all the jumpy, horrible editing and disconnected plot was trying to add a sense of the confusion the character (grieco) was experiencing. and just to prove that it was contrived they rolled the credits backwords. not a good sign for any movie.

this was an impulse pick up for me from the local video store. don't make the same mistake i did. this movie is tedious, unconvincingly acted, and generally boring. the dialogue between the young priest and his uncle is particularly poorly written and delivered; i cringed at every scene they shared. dennis hopper makes a few sparse appearances and is his usual disjointed self; his role was clearly not a stretch for him. and although the movie is supposedly set in puerto rico, it feels a lot more like a hollywood movie lot; all of the main characters are caucasian and several tend to speak english with pseudo-irish accents. odd. anyway, when you see this one on the shelf of your local video store, keep walking.

first of all, what is good in the movie ? some pretty actress ? the exotic background ? the fact that the actors don't laugh while acting (i would have if i had been in their situation) ? i don't know. the storyline is simple : a catholic priest who does abstract painting tries to find out who (another abstract painter) killed his little brother, a male prostitute (raped by another priest when he was young...). i'm afraid there is nothing here to learn or to let think a little about serial killers, art or religion. dennis hopper is not very good here. this is the worst episode of the worst season of "profiler" (the serie) with replacement actors and unbelievable coincidences (the uncle is the policeman who, the girl who lives at another victim's house could have a baby with the priest, etc., etc).

you can't hold too much against this knowing that it was made in four days, and i had expected it to be campy anyway. (it's not all that campy in reality. with the exception of kevin kalisher and huntley ritter, who don't take themselves seriously, the rest of the cast plays it halfway straight; riley smith is exceptionally bad.) the ridiculous story is actually paid attention to, which kind of shocked me; i assumed the whole purpose with these ultra-low-budget horror movies was to cater to the basest sexual fantasies and not give a damn about the story, but they use lots of words like "technological" and "physicality" in the script to get their point across. (although it's possible that the story is important only to explain why there's so few cast members.) nobody cares about this stupid storyline, and the only things that are interesting in the film are the mocking of cults and the soft-core homoeroticisms (which aren't all that edgy). i would have enjoyed it more if there were just some random killings for no reason. the film is grainy, with a tv-quality look and acting level. there are a few "sexy" scenes that are alright -- the boys writhing in bed in their boxers, feeling themselves up; or being tied down and making orgasmic faces while wine is poured on them -- and some of them are kinda funny. and i liked the digs at l. ron hubbard and the intended irony of a story about religious cultists told with intense gay overtones, but it still isn't any good. 3/10

and a few more "no"s on top of that. voodoo academy is, without a doubt, the least ambitious film of all time. what exactly is it trying to do? tell a story? obviously not; as has been pointed out, most of it's just barely-legal guys rubbing themselves. could it, then, be an attempt at subversive homoeroticism? well, maybe, if not for the fact it never ever ever goes beyond the most innocuous and nonthreatening forms of male contact. (which is, to the delight of none, repeated about eighty thousand times.) well, it is sort of a horror movie; is it trying to scare us? not unless the director meant to do so through the utter tedium and vacuousness of his "work."never in my life have i enjoyed a movie less. this is the most boring and unnecessary thing i've ever seen. it's like voodoo academy takes the genres of horror, zombie, and gay movies, puts them in a grinder, then runs them through a coffee filter--only instead of it being the kind of coffee filter that filters out coffee beans, it's the kind that takes out everything vital, edgy, or in any way interesting. the result is 74 minutes of film every bit as exciting as a glass of warm water--only without the ability to rehydrate you after the 10-day gin binge that will inevitably befall you if you watch this abomination of human effort.

i have been reading the reviews for this movie and now i wanna kill my self. i don't wanna live in a world where people find this move or rob schneider funny. what is wrong with these people. i'm not angry at rob schneider because he has the intelligence of a dead cat. i watched this film in disbelief. who would pay money to make this?? this film is so bad that its painful. most bad films are funny because they are crap. the animal is just disgusting!!! watch this film and if you like please for all of man kind kill your self. we don't need you. i want to raise money to get rob scheider off all movies. if someone killed rob schneider they should be given a nobel peace prize.

rob schneider is a famous comedian cause of his movements, facials and performances of "not humans". this time he is the animal. marvin is a loser who is trying to be a hero and one day, nobody takes a call from a man that gets attacked, so marvin has to take this case and save the attacked man. but on his way to the crime scene, he crashes with his car and gets really damaged. he doesn't remember what happens and at the next ordinary day, his life is not same when he finds out that he has animal instincts. of course, we got our female that our main character is trying to reach but his tryings, are useless. she is played by collen haskell. there are no negative characters. the negative character, is destiny if i could use this metaphor. marvin should find out, how to become a normal human being again. by the way-his animal instincts, helps him in some situations. schneider's performance is a so-so. the movie is so unreal that gets stupid at some moments but it is one of those movies, called mindless fun as i have written above. so watch it for the monkey style rob schneider but it is definitely not one of the best comedies ever or one of the best movies that schneider appears in. he is a great comedian but this is not his best movie.

i hired this movie expecting a few laughs, hopefully enough to keep me amused but i was sorely mistaken. this movie showed very minimal moments of humour and the pathetic jokes had me cringing with shame for ever hiring it... aimed at an age group of 10-15, this movie will certainly leave viewers outside of these boundaries feeling very unsatisfied. worth no more than 3 votes highly unrecommended for anyone not wanting to waste 2 hours of their lives.

guy is a loser. can't get girls, needs to build up, is picked on by stronger more successful guys, etc. seen it, saw it, moved on. i'd have to say that rob needs to move past the adam sandler part of his life. and get out of the adam sandler plots. there are two funny parts in the whole movie. i couldn't even finish the last 5 minutes. i was getting bored. "the animal" is an alright film. i do usually enjoy adam sandler films that have the same plot. but this was trying too hard to impress. the jokes are very old. so, trust me. this is not a film that most people could really get into. but some did, so i'll be nice.3/10

redundant, but again the case. if you enjoy the former snl comedian and his antics (in this case, schneider), then you should go. basic comedy….man's life is saved by having various animal organs transplanted into him. unfortunately, he takes on each animal's characteristics. former survivor colleen looks pretty good here, now that she doesn't have open sores on her legs, and a little makeup on her face! d

i was expecting a movie similar to deuce bigalow, which i enjoyed. however, this dud seemed to last forever. it's one of those flicks which enjoys the sad placement of pg-13 while not being kid appropriate. the jokes aren't just low-brow or f**t jokes, they're crude, lewd, and many acts cross the boundaries to not only bad taste but beyond legal and moral decency. many scenes appear to have been chopped to get the pg-13 rating...too bad...it might have made a bigger splash as an r-rated film if the funny was left in. (overstatement? probably.) i do not recommend this movie. it is a full-on waste of time...and i'm a movie lover and ready to give just about anything a shot. at 45 minutes in, the movie felt like it should be winding down...and boy were we ready for it to. the ending is quaint but doesn't salvage the rest of this quagmire/tourist trap of a rental. 1/2 star (glad i saw it as a freebie...would have been sickened to pay hard-earned greenbacks for this tripe)

nothing in this movie is funny. i thought the premise, giving a human the libido of a randy ram, was interesting and should provide for some laughs. wrong! there is simply nothing funny about the movie. for example, the main character making a pass at a goat in heat in the middle of a farmer's yard is not funny, it borders on obscenity. they are toying around with bestiality in this film on one level, and it just aint funny.we all know that dogs will eat anything, anywhere, anytime. the main character doing this with everything, everywhere, everytime is also not funny. it becomes a cliche.rob schneider is, i guess, acceptable in the role. by this, i mean that he's not a bad actor, but with rotten material it's difficult to comment on quality. however, coleen haskell, the other half of the human-romantic leads (does one count the number of animals that the main character has interest in as romantic leads too?), seems embarrassed by the whole thing, as well she should be. she seems to be acting in some kind of vacuum, detached from all the other actors in the movie. see this film only if you wish to be bored by tasteless, dull, repetitive material.

i'm a fan of the series and have read all 7 books. i wanted to see this just to see how it was done. all i can say, is that the only people who should watch this are ones who have already read the series and are curious about it. its pretty bad, and will turn you off reading them. not to be mean, but lucy is so ugly it detracts from the movie. was she the directors daughter? seriously, i'm sure the beavers in the movie were jealous of her teeth. she had an overbite that would put any beaver to shame. the movie just loses so much in translation. cs books don't translate as easily as the tolkein lotr books, or even harry potter.one thing they did right! aslan! very well done. although the other human actors with painted faces ( beavers, wolf) look silly, aslan was really well done since it was not just a human actor walking around. ( i guess its like that old horse custume? 2 people inside? ) also, i would be curious what kids think of this movie. maybe they would enjoy it? but as for adults, safe bet they wont, even if a cs fan.

ouch! they don't come much worse than this horrid adaptation of c. s. lewis's beloved novel. while the adaptation is very true to the novel, the acting is simply awful and the sets and special effects are on a scale equivalent to a school play. i've read that the budget for this miniseries was the grandest that the bbc has ever given at the time, but surely they could have scraped together a bit more than the $2 that it looks like this was filmed for. the worst effect of all is mr. beaver. i know computer effects weren't at the level necessary or even cost effective at the time, but the costume store man in a suit look was horrid. better to have just cut the character from the film than do that to the role! avoid this at all costs.

though the movie may have been "true" to lewis's book (in that the script was basically word-for-word, verbatim), it failed to capture any of the grandeur that would otherwise be associated with an epic story like this. the mythical creatures (unicorns, centaurs, griffins, ghouls, ghosts) are *drawn* in, and as in the previous review, the green-screen flying sequence was very hard to swallow. i nearly laughed to death when i saw the humanoid beavers with their giant stiff suits and buck teeth; i nearly cried when i heard the wolf's "howl--" a man in a grey fuzzy suit basically shrieking as loudly and as girlishly as he possibly could.all of the acting is tremendously forced, especially that of little lucy penvensie... i could only take so much indignation, desperation, and buck teeth in the (what felt like) fourteen hours of watching the movie. the actress who plays the white witch, in all her histrionics, seems that she'd be more at home on stage, where a booming voice, spread arms, and a valiant effort at something shakespearian would be more than welcome. the sets feel claustrophobic, whether the scenes are taking place indoors or outdoors. indoors, it's as if bbc could only afford to spend $100 on constructing a set, and so it is very small, and all the characters are constantly huddled together. the white witch's castle is a run-down, rotting countryside english castle filled with styrofoam statues and bad lighting. when the penvensie children are wandering through the woods-- actually, *any* scene in the woods-- feels like they are simply wandering around in circles. the only thing that looks decent in the film is aslan, but you can bet that bbc probably blew the film's entire budget on building the mechanical feline. it looks great when it's standing still and before it starts speaking, but once it starts moving, you can't help but pity the poor man who has to be the rear-end in the lion suit. yes, if you are a hardcore narnia fan, you may want to see this version, simply because it preserves every word that lewis ever wrote-- but lewis was certainly no screenwriter, and a lot of the dialogue feels chunky and awkward when on screen. during the scene in which the children are at the beavers' and getting ready to flee from the wolves, mrs. beaver's incessant, "oh, just one more thing, dearies, and then we will be ready to go," punctuated by the children's simultaneous cries and sighs and moans of "no, mrs. beaver, please!" -- a scene of comic relief, so incongruous (they are supposed to be fleeing from imminent danger, not wondering about whether to pack the sewing machine or not), detracts from the drama that the scene might otherwise have. in fact, the whole movie is peppered with directing faux pas such as these. i would recommend seeing the new narnia (disney 2005). the new movie, with updated effects, spectacular computer animation, great timing all around, and a gorgeous and scene- stealing white witch (who plays her part with all the subtle evil of a seasoned politician, as opposed to a shrieking banshee) captures all of the grandeur and the magnificence of the world of narnia without detracting the least bit from lewis's original vision (i think). lucy is a lot cuter (no buck teeth, yay!), as are the beavers (and realistically-sized), and bratty bbc edmund has nothing on the divine, desperately-hungry-for-acceptance-insecure-and- angsting-with-an-inferiority-complex edmund that the new disney version fronts. unless you're the type who enjoys wasting time by making fun of campy movies, i would not recommend this film to anyone.

this movie is terrible but it has some good effects.

i went to see it in hopes of some good old fashioned alice entertainment.once i realized i would not be getting that,i watched it for a pretty well made movie (in terms of filming,and yeah..that was it).but aside from it having a good film quality,considering i had been watching grainy movies all day long,there was nothing good about that movie.he killed 42.why were tweedle dee and dum played by mudler and scully?serisouly,who can answer that for me?who can answer anything awful about this movie for me.i agree with whoever said it was just one big long inside joke for the staff.that's all it seemed to be.poor mr.carroll.i'm so sorry somebody did that to his wonderful tales.

i was unlucky enough to have seen this at the sidewalk film festival. sidewalk as a whole was a disappointment and this movie was the final nail in the coffin. being a devout fan of lewis carroll's 'alice' books i was very excited about this movie's premier, which only made it that much more uncomfortable to watch. normally i'm enthusiastic about modern re-tellings if they are treated well. usually it's interesting to see the parallels between the past and present within a familiar story. unfortunately this movie was less of a modern retelling and more of a pop culture perversion. the adaptation of the original's characters seemed juvenile and usually proved to be horribly annoying. it probably didn't help that the actors weren't very good either. most performances were ridiculously over the top, which i assume was either due to bad direction or an effort to make up for a bad script. i did not laugh once through out the duration of the film. all of the jokes were outdated references to not so current events that are sure to lose their poignancy as time goes by. really, the only highlight of the film was the opening sequence in which the white rabbit is on his way to meet alice, but even then the score was a poor imitation of danny elfman's work. also, i'd have to say that the conversion of the croquet game into a rave dance-off was awful. it was with out a doubt the low point of the film.what a joke. don't see this movie. after its conclusion i was genuinely angry.

i'm actually watching this film as i write this . . . if the following comments "prove my lack of development as a true, artistic film maker", then so be it . . .but . . . i thought (am still thinking as i'm presently viewing) that this film . . . to put it mildly, is very, very overrated. again, very.it looks like a really, really bad student film done by a someone with beyond extremely limited resources . . . and who didn't pay that much attention to detail.i don't want to go on and on regarding all the different ways that i find this film lacking, but . . . well . . . i just don't get it (rememeber, i fully admit that maybe it's me that's the idiot here - not the film maker - for not getting this "piece of imaginative genius") . . . i rented this on a whim because the reviews were very, very outstanding . . .sheesh . . .

a friend once told me that an art-house independent film ran in a cinema when- upon the closing of the film - audiences were so enraged they preceded to tear up the cinema seats. of course, my imagination ran amok, trying to conjure up the contents of such a piece of work. well,now my imagination can be put to rest.i am a lifelong andrei tarkovky fan and an ardent admirer of his work. i have come across many people who thought tarkovsky's films are slow-moving and inert. opinions being what they are, i found this not to be true of the late director's wonderful works, which are wrought with meaning, beautiful compositions, and complex philosophical questions. upon hearing aleksandr sokurov called the heir to tarkovsky, i was excited to experience his films.with the exception of the open air ride through the fields (stalker), this movie has no kinship to anything tarkovsky has done. it does not seem to possess the slightest meaning, even on a completely mindless level. it's supposedly "gorgeously stark" cinematography is devoid of any compositional craft. there is a no balance, no proportion, and the exposure meter seems to be running low on batteries in the freezing snow. the main character is so inept and indecisive, it makes you wonder whether his father might have been alive if he made up his mind sooner.i am also not adverse to non-plots or story lines that progress on multiple non-linear fashion. but there isn't even a non-story here. one must surely enter the viewing of this film with a shaved head if one were to exit it with nothing gained and nothing lost, as hair-pulling would be the only possible answer to a pace that could make a tarkosky time sculpture look as if jerry bruckheimer had filmed a charlie chaplin short.i won't rule out that this may be one of sokurov's stinkers (tarkovsky's solaris), but to conclude that he is one of tarkovsky's heir-based on this film- would be to call paris hilton the successor to aristotle. c'mon guys, don't be afraid to say it. no amount of big impressive words is going to magically bring this corpse of celluloid back to life. i don't profess to fully understand russian culture and i probably don't have russian values, but i immediately picked up on tarkovsky's work as something magical, a treasure and a gift to viewers.if it didn't have sokurov's name on it, and it aired on say, saturday night live, i'm pretty sure nobody would "read" all these magnificent analysis into this wet noodle of a flick.

believe me, i like horror movies. i like science fiction movies. i like independent films. and, i like low-budget, b movies. sometimes, i even like bad acting, plodding scripts, wooden lines, improbably situations, and the like. however, i did not like christmas on mars. it just doesn't work on so many levels. for all the reasons listed previously, and many more. that includes the nonsensical, blatant use of images of female genitalia. and the many allusions to male genitalia, in a very freudian way.i am convinced this is purely from ineptitude. as opposed to some attempt at doing something really different. i mean any movie that takes years to film, just cannot keep up the level of congruity and focus demanded by modern audiences.i had hoped that the whole movie was just a dream or hallucination by the main character. however, sadly, it was meant to have happened, as we saw things unfold on screen. about the only kindness that i can express, is that the image at the end was stupendous. if this had been used at the beginning, instead of the end, it could have allowed the film to take off where 2001 ended... to bad they didn't try that instead. i just don't understand what was so important about this film that it even had to be made. was it the plot? surely, it couldn't be. was it the characters? i doubt it; i mean, i could live without knowing about ed 15. was it the dialog? emphatically, no. the music? perhaps, but more-likely the unvarnished ego of the principals needing to be stroked. much better efforts have died on the cutting room floor.

*** this contains many, many spoilers, not that it matters, since everything is so patently obvious ***oh my god, where do i start? well, here - this is the first time i have ever come home from a movie and said "i have to get on imdb and write a review of this now. it is my civic duty." such is the badness of this flick. *begin digression* but let me just state one thing before i start. i'm not some harvard-art-major-film-noir-weenie (in fact, i went to the college at the other end of mass. ave in cambridge, the one where the actual smart people without rich daddies and trust funds go, which should put me squarely in the nerd-who-would-obsessively-love-comic-book-films census group, and still i hated this film...). my viewing preference is for the highbrow cinematic oeuvre that includes the die hards, bond flicks, clerks, and the grail. i wish the titanic had never sunk, not so much for the lives lost, but so we wouldn't have been subjected to that dung-heap of a film. and the single and only reason i will watch a snooty french art film is if there is a young and frequently disrobed emmanuelle beart in it. i even gave maximum overdrive one of its precious few 10s here on imdb, for god's sake. so i'm as shallow as they come, therefore i'm not criticizing this film because i'm looking for some standard of cinematic excellence - it's because elektra stinks like a three-week-old dead goat. *end digression*ok, there's so much badness here that i have to try to categorize it. here goes:ms. garner: one of the compelling reasons a male would want to see this flick is to see lots of hot jgar (i have no idea why my wife wanted to). i think that between this and "finding nemo", the latter was the sexier film. you know the red outfit she's advertised wearing in every freaking ad you see? you see her in it twice - once at the beginning, once at the end. bummer. in the rest, she basically looks like what morrissey would look like if he were a female - lots of pouting and black clothes. which brings me to the incredible range of expression jgar shows in her acting - ranging from "pouting" all the way to "pouting and crying". oh my god, you'd think she was being forced to date ben affleck or something horrible like that. um, wait...the bad guys/gal: they show about the same range of expression and acting ability that you'd expect from a slightly overripe grapefruit. at least next to jgar's performance, it doesn't stand out too badly. one guy's role is to stand there and be huge, another's is to stand there and have stuff come out of him, and the woman's role is to stand there and breathe on and/or kiss people. they manage to pull these incredible feats off. the main bad guy has the most difficult role of all - he has to simultaneously a) appear angry and b) appear asian. he does a fine job at this. i think there was a fifth bad guy/gal, but my brain is starting to block parts of this movie out in self-defense.plot twists! this movie has about as many surprises as a speech at the democratic national convention. let's just put it this way - my wife, who has only been in the u.s. for half a year and speaks only a small amount of english - whispered this to me when the girl first appears in jg's pad, and i swear to god i am not making this up: "she go to house to kill girl. and father too." and this is before the father has even appeared on the screen. now my wife isn't stupid, but she isn't being courted by mensa for her gifts, either, and she's had zero exposure to daredevil or the comic book genre. and she figured this out in .00015 seconds with no prodding and no prior information. such is the blatant obviousness of this film. rarely-before-seen stupidity! ok, so there's this big dude in the film. he can take a chestful of shotgun blast and brush off the shot like it's lint, and he can take a vicious electra stab to the chest and just bend the metal (or melt it - or something - more defenses kicking in, thank god). but jg jumps on his head, and he explodes? an achilles noggin? ok! such is the mind-numbing stupidity of this film.ack. i'm starting to feel a cerebral hemorrhage coming on, so i have to stop. but you have been warned. if you have to intentionally slash your own tires to prevent yourself from going to see this movie, do it. and if armageddon is going to come, please let it be >before< this comes out on dvd.

perhaps i'm out of date or just don't know what electra is like in current publications... but the electra that i read was far more manipulative and always seems to have a plan. she usually used others to do her dirty work and more often than not some sort of double cross was involved. just when you think you have it all figured out she pull the wool over your eyes and gets her way.this movie was fairly weak on the dialog, the acting wasn't particularly convincing, and the action was spotty. i was really looking for something more along the lines of frank miller's book "electra assassin." which is much darker than anything in this movie.special effect where cool, action was interesting at times, but more often than not the story and plot was slow or illogical. tha hand was not menacing enough, and electra was not..... bitchy enough. she's the girl you love to hate... but in this story, i just didn't care either way.

this is absurd - aside from the fellow australian who has reviewed this flick, i can't help but think that everyone else who has submitted a review so far was some way involved in the production of elektra, considering how generous they were with their praise.admittedly i'm not really a fan of comic-book-to-movie conversions so i didn't go in with many expectations, yet still i found elektra to be incredibly underwhelming. the thing that irked me the most was the fact that there was so much in this film which went by unexplained, that left you thinking "huh, what relevance does that have to the plot?" or "so how did that aspect of the character come about?" i can only hope that these are things which are perhaps explained somewhat in daredevil, which i have no intention of seeing.furthermore, the behaviour of the characters in this film appear to do an about-face at random moments to suit the storyline, and don't even get me started about the utterly pointless romantic sub-plot. i'm also (still) scratching my head over the fate of cary-hiroyuki tagawa's character, which seems to have gone by unexplained.if i can give kudos to this movie for anything it would have to be the fantastic locations in which it was shot, but otherwise i gained little enjoyment from elektra. i know we're supposed to suspend our disbelief for fantasy/action films, but almost everything in this film was so improbable or confusing (even by action film standards) that it simply frustrated me.well, hell, at least jennifer garner looks damn good.

how irish critics rave about this movie is beyond me. overacted by the usual band of irish actors dragged out for every irish movie. terrible script, with forced character quirks (the brown sauce). romanticising all that is bad about dublin. the attitude of 'ah, it's a dump but sure isnt it great all the same'. plenty of tidbits purely for american audiences (the supermarket boss and his horribly forced catchphrase). and the nail in the coffin was colm meaney's character. a great actor forced to play this part that could've been written by a five year old. cringeworthy stuff. the best thing about this movie is farrell, and it's a bad when you have to say that. well, at least he wasnt putting on his dreadful american accent. international audiences be warned: stay at home and watch snatch and lock stock. you'll have a better time. intermission is a walk-outer

this was no trainspotting or guy ritchie film. it was a big wannabee. it wanted to be an edgy, nervous-laughter, urban-life affirming film, but it's more of a camera jerky, mess. it's a lot easier to imitate something else, than to create a real story with real characters. from the beginning, i couldn't care less about the characters or what they were involved in. they were always always hitting, pissing, or crying on each other. only, there wasn't any substance to what they were doing. the dialog between characters is meant to be hip, revealing, instead it comes out trite, and one scene after another is predictable. i know there are viewers out there that really liked this movie, so i could be wrong.

if you loved "pulp fiction" and like hand held cameras you should love this film. i liked the quirky story (even though i feel that "pulp fiction" was the most over-rated movie since "the english patient") and found the characters unrealistic but interesting. it's not "on the waterfront" or "citizen kane" and is burdened by european pretentiousness. but the worst part by far is the hand held camera. it is so distracting and annoying i found myself waiting desperately for the movie to end. i don't know why new directors think this method of filming is so great. if you are prone to motion sickness, stay away, the hand held camera will have you nauseous in about 10 minutes.

i'm irish and i've been living in denmark for a while so i was looking forward to going home last week so i could see intermission. and i will go on record as saying:this film is awful.it is not quite as bad a something like "the most fertile man in ireland" but it definitely does not stand up there with other irish films such as the commitments, i went down or michael collins.some aspects of the film are actually quite funny, such as colm meaneys american-style garda. but the film itself is shot completely wrong. the bouncing around of the camera and the constant zoom-in, zoom-out tries to give the film an edgy look as if it were a gritty drama. but it isn't. this is an irish lock, stock and two smoking barrels and it should be shot like this. it should have smooth movement from one shot to the next. the film just looks sloppy and thrown together.the performances are okay, given the awful script. a friend of mine said to me like it was like they just followed colin farrell around dublin for a week. he gives a decent display as a dublin dirtbag, but it no way compares to his performances in minority report, tigerland or phone booth. the best performance was from dierdre o'kane who plays a sexually frustrated middle-aged woman who has just been dumped by her bank manager husband for a younger woman. i think she should leave her god-awful stand-up and focus more on her acting.all in all, its does in no way live up to the expectations put on it by the irish press or deserve to be even considered as one of the best irish films ever.i'm expecting a backlash from these comments because most people i have spoken to have said it was great. but before you reply, ask yourself: would think so highly of this movie if it was set in england or america?

this movie blows - let's get that straight right now. there are a few scene gems nestled inside this pile of crap but none can redeem the limp plot. colin farrel looks like brad pitt in "12 monkeys" and acts in a similar manner. i normally hate colin because he is a fairy in general but he's ok in this movie. there were two plot lines in this movie-= one about a kid who throws rocks through windshields of moving vehicles and the other about a woman with a moustache. let's face it- this movie has no freaking idea of what it wanted to say or where it wanted to go. the characters story lines intertwine on some levels but are in no means worthy of being included in a script. the whole thing is weak and pointless and then there is an occasional ok scene. but overall- don't bother unless you love irish accents so much that you can watch mediocrity and it is rescued by everyone sounding like the lucky charms elf -an american fetish that has catapulted some truly crappy movies to success.

a terrible film which is supposed to be an independent one. it needed some dependence on something.this totally miserable film deals with the interactions among irish people. were they trying to imitate the wonderful film "crash?" if so, this film crashed entirely.there is just too much going on here culminated by a little brat running around and throwing rocks into buses and cars which obviously cause mayhem.the film is just too choppy to work. one woman loses her husband after 14 years to another while her younger sister is ripped off by a suitor. this causes the former sister to become a bitter vetch and walk around in clothes not worth believing. the older sister also becomes embittered but soon finds romance.then, we have 3 losers who purchase masks to rob a bank. obviously, the robbery goes awry but there doesn't seem to be any punishment for the crooks. perhaps, the punishment should have been on the writers for failure to create a cohesive film.

i live in ottawa where this film was made and i really wish it hadn't been. this is one god-awful flick. i really try and support independent films but there is this stigma attached to anything indie and that stigma is: indie films blow. well, this film does nothing to shed this curse. the actor, writer, director brett kelly does little to contribute to the genre, rather he re-hashes tired clichés from movies past. i am really tired of menacing evil looking characters that lurk in the shadows and prey on the unsuspecting, it's way too overdone. i can remember one scene in particular right near the end of the flick where the whole scene is lit with car headlights. now some may say that this was an effect used to create mood and tension, but sadly it was to showcase the shoestring budget of this movie. as well for a movie that dares to call itself horror, a viewer will find themselves hard pressed to find any actual gore, other than a few scenes with corn syrup and red food colouring. the biggest thing that drags this film down is the pacing and the lack of character development, the basic plot is that children are being kidnapped and the parents must track down this bonesetter fellow before a certain time in order to get their kids back. not that this concept bugs me, but, i didn't really find it believable that when the two main characters, both who have lost children can find time to make out with each other. this is done in such a short time span that it's inconceivable, my first priority would be to get my daughter back and at least get to know the lady before making out with her. the last point that i have is.... and i won't hold this against kelly, but the movie is shot entirely on boring, emotionless video and that really takes away from any tense moments that would have just oozed style on film. although if this movie were given a million dollar makeover and redone the story and boring acting and lame everything could not keep this movie afloat. my only hope is that something happens to prevent brett kelly from making a sequel, which has been reported on his website, a sequel that was half written in one sitting. lord help us all.

usually when a movie receives a vote of one it is because someone simply dislikes it and is annoyed it doesn't have a lower rating, and so decides to drag it down as much as they can instead of just giving it a low rating. this is not the case here.bonesetter is a perfect example of a 0/10 film. it does nothing right and it doesn't have the chance to because it doesn't really attempt to do anything. there are strands of a bad d&d novel kind of plot which doesn't hold together and a complete lack of any kind of acting throughout. it is clear that nobody involved in this project gave it any kind of serious effort, because even a completely patently untalented persons' hard work would amount to more. a truly awful film.

words cannot begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is. i wish it were "so bad it's good," but it's not. it's just dull, lifeless, and boring. it's so bad i couldn't even laugh at it.in response to other posters, anne-marie frigon is not the highlight of the movie. the only person less charismatic is the director brett kelly, who as a true statement on vanity, cast himself as the male lead. they both look like inbreeds, sister and brother.the gal, sherry thurig, is a looker. the complete opposite of anne-marie - attractive. this girl is tall and willowy, and can act. although you can tell she's holding back.all the actors seem to be holding back, especially the supporting male, mark. i've seen less wood in a rain forest, but he's still better than kelly. why would kelly keep his actors from acting? is he really that bad a director? everyone else has summed the story up perfectly - there isn't one. kids are kidnapped and kelly steps in poo to solve the crime. i know how he felt stepping in the poo, it's how i felt after watching his movie.yes, i tried to get my money back from the rental store. this is a home movie best left to be seen by the friends of the director (and if you search them out, you'll see those same friends were the one who gave the movie positive marks).

a truly frightening film. feels as if it were made in the early '90s by a straight person who wanted to show that gays are good, normal, mainstream-aspiring people. retrograde to the point of being offensive, ltr suggests that monogamy and marriage are the preferred path to salvation for sad, lonely, sex-crazed gays. wow! who knew? the supporting characters are caricatures of gay stereotypes (the effeminate buffoon, the bitter, lonely queen, the fag hag, etc.) and the main characters are milquetoast, middle-class, middlebrow clones, of little interest.as far as the romantic & ideological struggles of the main couple are concerned, there's not much to say: we've seen it all before, and done much better.

or listening to, for that matter. even the soundtrack is a bore. honestly, this isn't the worst gay movie i've seen (that would be regarding billy), but it's down there very close to the bottom of the barrel.this thing drags and drags and drags. it's not that the plot is inane--in the hands of a good writer it might have worked . . . it certainly could have been much more entertaining. there's not one plot point you can't see coming for ten miles down the road. the dialog is flat. the jokes are old. to add insult to injury, it's full of one-dimensional, stereotypical gays. nothing in this movie convinced me that the situation or the relationship of the two leads was possible, much less real. there was no chemistry, no dynamic, in fact no evidence of why the leads love each other . . . we're just told they're in love. hard to figure when they have nothing in common and aren't compatible sexually. they like the same book? huh?the acting is not totally bad, but the pacing is excruciatingly slow. i mean, almost jarmusch- slow, but without jarmusch quality. in fact, that would be a good barometer for you. if you like jarmusch films, avoid this one.

movie had some good acting and good moments (though obviously pretty low budget), but bad rating due to basic premise being badly developed. the main point of conflict between the two leads doesn't play out in a realistic manner at all. there are a few scenes where they disagree because of it, but no discussions of any great depth that would explain how they can be together while seeing the world so differently, especially since the employment of glenn is so wound up in this part of his life (and adam is active enough with his that he supports it with time and money.) also, several times glenn is portrayed negatively for being the way he is (apologizing to adam for his past) while adam is shown to be upstanding and "traditional," which the film proclaims to be the "good" way in the end. i don't like being preached to like that. i attended a discussion session with the director after viewing ltr, and he said that he presented this conflict between them because, if he was in glenn's shoes (and he said he does in real life relate to glenn's view) that he could never date someone with adam's views. well, then, i think he should have done a much better job explaining how glenn could do it in the film. also, director said he directed this, his first movie, only after reading (directing for dummies.) directing was not that bad, but far from a top notch effort. i've seen worse, but i rarely leave films feeling this frustrated.

when this play was first shown by the bbc over 30 years ago, it would have been something quite different for the time. so therefor some people would have found it quite scary, and may well have been impressed with the special effects?looking at the play in this day and age, it doesn't seem to be all that scary anymore, even the special effects can leave a lot to be desired.would a train really be allowed to pass a red light into a dark tunnel? i don't think so......but if you watch this play again, you will observe that the first train that enters the tunnel, rushes straight through the red light! (maybe that's how it was in dickens time)?you will also notice that the footpath that leads down to the signal box is very steep and in a poor state. surely there would have been a series of proper steps with handrails for the signalman to climb up or down into the cutting. (i can't help but notice things like that)i will not take anything away from the acting, both denholm elliott (signalman) and bernard lloyd (the traveller) gave wonderful performances.i am not at all sure what is going on......i mean was the ghost the traveller, or what??? does anyone really fully understand this rather confusing story??? (well maybe i am the only one that don't)???to sum up.....the play has a wonderful atmosphere throughout, with great character. it suffers from not being that scary these days, and a little if not very confusing in places, and has some rather unusual signalling practises....thanks for reading my review.

i watched this movie for its two hours and have absolutely no idea what it's about. somebody got murdered or maybe they didn't and maybe somebody did it or maybe they didn't. this brought back memories of the good old days (bad old days?) when all cbc canadian movies were stinkers. lately stinkers have been the exception but this confused hodge podge of trendy feminism, mind reeling flash backs and mumbled dialogue makes up for lost time. i've never found margaret atwood's books easy to read. this movie continues that fine canadian tradition. it isn't easy to watch. maybe the trendy folks at the chi chi toronto cocktail parties will pretend they liked it. us folks in the boonies are a little less pretentious.

i don't know what margaret atwood was thinking to allow this movie to have the same name as her book. i've always been a big fan of the robber bride and was so excited to learn there was a movie in the works. i am aware that the translation of book to movie isn't perfect but this movie was the worst ever. the names of the women are correct and some of the back story is correct but that is about it. i feel like i lost a good portion of my time trying to make it through this movie. this really should have been a mini-series to tell the story the way it was written.the actors for roz, tony, charis and zenia were well-chosen even though i was skeptical at first about mary-louise parker. i only wish they'd had a better script to work with because this really had nothing to do with the book at all.

when i saw that mary louise parker was associated with this epic novel turned film, i was intrigued. being a fan of the book, i assumed she'd be playing tony, roz, or charis, but more so, i was intrigued to see how they would turn this very head-y, almost psychological (but not psychological thriller) novel in to a movie that would be accessible to those who hadn't read the novel, and that would be at least mildly satisfying for those who had. the book is a complex reflection of society, women, and modern life, and i was interested to see how they used the 3 different narratives that lead to the unfolding of the story in a film. what they actually did was a crime.the biggest error and confusing issue is: why would oxygen, a network that advertises as being for women, take an amazing book about how complex, wonderful, and terrible women are and can be, and change the protagonist from 3 women to some dumb former cop with no real motive to be involved in the story? it seems like whoever adapted it took an easy way out by using this guy to straight up ask roz, tony, and charis about how they knew zenia and in doing that, they rushed through bulk of the book. in doing this though they muddied the story and cut everything that is great about the characters in it, aside from making it so the audience had no one credible to associate with. in the film, these women aren't people, they are characters.in the book zenia does fake her death, but the book mentions it to get this point across, while the film wastes 30-45 minutes focusing on this former cop running around and doing nothing of use. they tried to make this complex book an episode of law and order or csi.it turns out that mary louise parker played zenia, which was so wrong. zenia is a catherine zeta-jones, angelina jolie, or maybe even a scarlett johnasson type. she is a woman men can't not adore, and a woman that women are intrigued and threatened by, but in a "keep your enemies closer" kind of way. and once she gets closer, she seems totally genuine and trust worthy, despite your better judgment. she's the kind of woman who, even when she loses, she wins: she's always still beautiful, still rich, and there are always still people out there who don't know her game.in the film, zenia didn't take charis's man (the blonde american draft dodger who was using charis in the first place...) but instead took august and tried to become her legal guardian (and apparently came back to be her lesbian lover as a lingering kiss at the coffee shop implies). and zenia did kill the chickens before leaving with august, but it made no sense since all of the build up to it was removed. it's was as if whoever wrote the screenplay was grasping at straws to satisfy those of us who read the book, but i think had i not read the book, i would have spent the whole movie confused, if i had bothered to stick with it at all.and roz's husband was dead before zenia came in to the picture (which was weird since zenia took roz's business and home life in the book, which is why roz hated her so much) and she and zenia had conspired to kill roz's husband years and years back. and according to the film tony and west had been dating forever...even at the party where zenia and west (in the book) had painted the whole place black and they made tony seem like this totally with it (and evil, bitchy) person who was always respected by everyone for her intelligence and popular for it. tony's character was so wrong in this film...she seemed a little psycho and like the mastermind behind whatever conspiring was going down as opposed to the kind of gawky, mildly reclusive teacher that she was in the book. the film basically implied smart women are evil, beautiful women are evil, powerful women are evil, and women who teach yoga are off their rockers.they basically tried to make it so zenia wasn't necessarily as awful as she was in the book, and then, in the end, the three women convince this former cop (who, of course in the process of researching this, meets zenia and has an affair with her that is supposed to end with them moving to barbados or something ridiculous, which of course zenia bails on) to hide zenia's body (which they found splat at the hotel she was staying at, but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony, or they conspired together to do it...) and then zenia also managed to take all of roz's money in the process. by the end of the film i was only half paying attention between commercials b/c it had spiraled so far out in space from what it could and should have been.if you aren't confused by this breakdown of the film, then maybe you would like it, because i have read the book and seen the movie, and from the movie alone i am ridiculously confused. it was terrible. i get that making a film out of that book is quite a task, but if you are going to take on the task, you should start by determining what in the book is unnecessary, instead of creating some useless character to be our alice in wonderland. are there really no fluffier books that oxygen could be making at least half decent tv movies of?

i know it's a power-rangers gimmick and catered to 7 year olds but really why were they taking themselves seriously with this movie? if they are going to write a plot with crayons, at least have the decency to make it silly. it's kind of hilarious if you watch this. we have a typical family filled with cliched characters (father a war veteran who lost his wife and blames himself lolol), air-head children trying to hard to fill the stereotype but fails with horrendous acting, and a laughably horrid sidekick who serves no purpose to the movie but to fill camera space. funny stuff!however, the real great moment comes near the end when war-dad and bad-acting-villain try to work a sword fight, but then they realize none of them know how to (probably because no room in budget for choreographers), so they come up with this american gladiator type setting to run around in. lol.1/10 rating because they try to treat this seriously.

this film was on late at night when i saw it. it was interesting at start but it didn't convince me as a whole. i am no tyson fan. in fact i don't like boxing at all. it's barbaric, obscene and double faced (by society) that some get money for beating each other up.nevertheless, i felt the start of the film was ok. actors alright, especially george c. scott (as cus d'amato). i don't know how reliable the flick is. i haven't read books and books about boxing or tyson. i don't know anything about the man, but it was quite entertaining.as the movie went on i felt it lost a little of it's charm and i also lost interest. i managed to stay awake though but the last hour was just not good enough.

a very ordinary made-for-tv product, "tyson" attempts to be a serious biopic while stretching the moments of angst for effect, fast forwarding through the esoterics of the corrupt sport of boxing, and muddling the sensationalistic stuff which is the only thing which makes tyson even remotely interesting. a lukewarm watch at best which more likely to appeal to the general public than to boxing fans.

tyson aspect ratio: 1.33:1sound format: stereoreverent - though scrupulously fair - account of the life and times of champion boxer mike tyson. given his conviction on a rape charge, the film is careful not to portray him as hero or villain, but paints a warts-and-all portrait of his rise to fame, the pressures of success, and the people who shaped his destiny for good or bad. constrained by time limits, the script gallops through a succession of relevant details, alighting briefly on significant events, culminating with tyson's (temporary) downfall in 1995. novices will be enlightened by the chronology, while boxing fans will be entertained by director uli edel's straight-arrow approach to the material. he portrays tyson's life as a circus in which he was ultimately led astray by the circumstances of his own success. in fact, the script reserves most of its venom for tyson's ex-wife robin givens, characterising her as an ungrateful gold-digger who took advantage of his naivety. production values are uniformly solid and the cast is superb: michael jai white does a fair imitation of the title character; george c. scott plays tyson's mentor cus d'amato through acres of gritted teeth; and paul winfield was surely born to play don king!

as far as spaghetti westerns go, i'd put this man can't die on the dull side of the genre. it's not that the movie is particularly bad, but it lacks the brilliance and flash of some of the other sws i've seen. guy madison does his best in the lead role, but lacks the on-screen charisma necessary to pull it off. with one notable exception, the rest of the cast isn't particularly good. the direction is uninspired and offers very few moments that i haven't seen before. there's just not much to get very excited about.the cast exception i mentioned is rosalba neri. she's the one bright spot in this otherwise mediocre film. unfortunately, her screen time is limited to less than 15 minutes. (note: the imdb page for this man can't die is wrong. rosalba neri does not play jenny benson. instead, she is the character melin. i'm not sure how anyone could mistake rosalba neri for some guy named john bartha as listed in imdb's credits for the movie.)

second-tier american leading man guy madison plays a character whose notoriety precedes him in this spaghetti western – which, having very modest credentials emerges as essentially routine (though featuring a nice enough score). the plot offers some mild interest: the title, incidentally, refers to a wounded man involved in the murderous assault by gun-runners on a ranch – the property of the family of their pursuer, cavalry agent madison. the latter's younger siblings are determined that the injured party, now in their charge, lead them to the gang boss responsible; ultimately, the identity of either mystery man proves a surprise – and both, ironically, become involved with one of madison's sisters (another is raped during the raid). euro-cult starlet rosalba neri appears unremarkably as a saloon hostess, and madison's ex-flame.

for shame, for shame that a fine actor such as joseph fiennes would allow himself to be cast in this piece of nauseating drivel. the movie was not only bad, but down right horrible and of no redeeming quality. the plot, (was there one?) seemed to go no where. the russians played silly kill or be killed games and the rest of the cast should be declared null and void for their pathetic performances. i gave up about 3/4 of the way through and turned it off. a "1" for awful only because there is nothing lower. don't waste your time on this one, you'll not miss anything.

i have not yet decided whether this will replace anaconda as "the worst film i have ever seen".even if you ignore the dodgy accents, low production values and appalling camera work this film has absolutely nothing going for it. i only went to see it as i had read the book and wanted to see how they would work the complicated plot into a 2 hour film.the simple answer is - they didn't. characters appear with little to no explanation as to who they are and then proceed to play no valuable part in the narrative. even the main characters act without reason so that by the time the film reaches it's climax you don't care what happens to any of them.i can accept that books occasionally need to be rewritten to fit into films and that it is perhaps unfair to judge this film against the book it was adapted from. but after my friends and i came out of the cinema i had to spend most of the journey home explaining what was supposed to have happened.they even change the true meaning of the books title "rancid aluminium" by squeezing it into yet another piece of pointless voice over just so they can allow the film to have a cool title.a real mess of a film from start to finish.

there have been some low moments in my life, when i have been bewildered and depressed. sitting through rancid aluminium was one of these.the warning signs were there. no premiere (even the stars didn't want to attend) and no reviews in magazines. the only reason i sat through the film was in the hope that i might catch up on some sleep.nothing in the film was explained. the narration was idiotic. i cheered at one point when the lead of the film appeared to have been shot, then to my growing despair, it was revealed that he hadn't really been shot dampening my joy. i sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity. there were some positive aspects, mainly unintentional moments of humour. for example, the scene in which the main character, for some unknown reason feels the need to relieve himself manually in a toilet cubicle, while telling the person in the next cubicle to put his fingers in his ears.my words cannot explain the anger i feel, so i shall conclude thus.rancid aluminium: for sadists, wastrels, and regressives only who want to torture themselves.

well, what to say...having seen the film i still have to wonder what the hell the point of it all really was?? v.dodgy camera moves in the courtyard at one point... i had to look away from the screen, i was feeling physically sick... round and round and round.... you get the idea...very very strange accents at many points.... "those that should know, know"unless your getting in for free, or being paid to watch it, or your partner is about to make you paint the house or something.. then forget it...

okay. so there aren't really that many great movies around. recent gems like american dream, the straight story and even toy story 2 don't normally come so close together. but boy (!) does this film counter-balance the quality.i have no idea what these people thought they were doing. are the financiers in this world so easily convinced to fund such a crock of ****? i can just see it now...producer - "so we've got joe fiennes. he's cute as a button and was pretty good in shakespeare in love. and we've got rhys ifans, who isn't cute but was cool in notting hill. we'll mix in a really mediocre score, a few forgettable post-britpop tunes, hemlock root and lizard brains and hey presto you've got the worst film of the new millennium.and believe me, it's gonna be a hard job to make anything as bad as this in the next thousand years."the bank - "i like it! any unnecessary sex? bad camera movements? and what about the worst accents this side of devil's own?"producer - "yeah, we got plenty of those."the bank - "sounds great, where do we sign?"please.

otherwise it is one of the worst movies i've ever seen - and i mean ever. my wife and i were both bored out of our minds within 10 minutes. not to mention being boring, it is entirely unbelievable. women (non-lesbian) don't bathe together - nor do they "accidentally" kiss. brothers and sisters don't live together well into their 30s and run around swing dancing together and engaging in footraces in central park. men don't find out their wife and sister romantically kissed the night before the wedding and then never discuss it with said wife. absolutely ridiculous.heather graham is possibly the worst actress in films today. she smiles when she should be crying and vice versa. the only movie she has ever been good in is boogie nights - and that is because she wasn't acting.i cannot stress enough how bad this movie was.

after a promising first 25 minutes that makes you feel all warm inside, you're pretty convinced that this will be a great romantic comedy. then the movie takes a turn for the worse. the warm feeling might still be there, but as others has said: the plot becomes so unbelievable and artificial that it's almost unbearable to watch. the movie gets sped up, and you get the impression that you're either fast forwarding through it, or that the producers decided to fit it in less than 1h40m and had to cut a lot of scenes out.realism isn't a goal onto itself, but as a viewer, i'm pretty convinced that this comedy isn't intentionally unrealistic, it just happens to be.on the plus side, this movie has a couple of nice interiors, and despite the bad script, i think that the actors performances are mainly good. if i could rate the first 25 minutes only, i'd probably give it an eight. as it is now, it gets a four. ...and that's being nice! if you're a sucker for romantic comedies you'll probably have a great time anyways. if not, i'd recommend that you watch something else.

this was one of the worst movies i've ever seen. horrible acting,not funny at all, and well just boring.i can only assume all these 10 out of 10 fav. all time movie comments are actually the actors themselves in disguise.idk what the runtime on this movie is i'm sure its listed on this page it certainly felt like an eternity if your looking for a tough challenge,attempt to sit through this awful movie.otherwisedon't waste your time as i did on this one

here's one you can watch with a straight face, with a script so bad, even will ferrell wouldn't be in it.there are two laughs in hot rod.1. the punch-dance. rod "needs to go to his quiet place" and before anyone can say kevin bacon, he is footloosing a passionate, overwrought bodyswerve to the strains of a band who wishes they had the big-hair faux-metal chops of europe.2. john farnham's you're the voice. in one of those epic sequences where the star and his cohorts do the slomo walk down main street and the townfolk follow on their heels in support, the soundtrack is the gag. how did the film-makers even come across this aussie recording artist? a major australian vocalist (and a genuine talent) who shot to fame in the early '70s covering raindrops keep fallin' on my head, then disappeared until 1986 for the big comeback with you're the voice, john farnham's anthem is so bewitchingly cheesy, it leveled mountains in switzerland.besides these two high points in the film - both ruined anyway with the slipshod writing - the rest of the film is like choking on someone else's vomit.andy samberg is rod, a failed stunt jumper who has never made a jump. maybe it's got something to do with the fact he's driving a moped into the heart of darkness. or his fake mustache. yeh, someone actually thought that was funny.without one jump under his starry belt, he plans for a 15-bus extravaganza - which would surely kill a lesser bad comedian, like jason biggs or rob schneider - to win the day and save his stepfather and simultaneously wipe out cancer and whatever... who watches these movies for plot anyway? along the way (as usual for moronic leads in these comedies), he scores a salubrious chick (isla fisher), who must surely be retarded to consider swapping chromosomes with this loser.sissy spacek (carrie, 1976) has so little to do she almost phoned in her performance - then changed her mind and just hung up. ian mcshane must've lost a bet to be here.

snl is pretty funny but people who say this is like watching a short skit on snl is a little dumb minded. it's nothing like snl, it's just a stupid piece of crap.andy samberg tries to act like jon heder but fails. although jon heder is only funny in napoleon dynamite andy tries his hardest and people think he's funny.only funny people in the movie were danny mcbride and bill hader. the only part that was decently funny with andy was the pool part.they could have made the "quiet place" a lot better if they didn't make the falling scene 3 freaking minutes.the part where he's pronouncing his h's more is retarded. they try going with it too long and half the time it looks like andy is laughing while he acts...he's a horrible actor and doesn't deserve to be in a movie.this movie is a joke and is for the simple minded people with the brain of a 10 year old level of comedy. which is about half the united states.

i've seen a lot of crap in my day, but goodness, hot rod takes the cake. i saw a free screening in ny the other night. i can only hope they show the funny version to the paying customers. the big laughs were sparse, the plot was uninteresting, and the characters were one dimensional at best. one highlight is a hilarious dancing scene with adam samberg. it was priceless and was the only scene i truly had a hearty laugh at. other than that, i can only recollect randomness and dead air. snl & samberg fans may be disappointed. i know i was expecting more from it. but it short, i definitely would not recommend attending a free screening or paying to watch this film.

my family and i screened underdog the night before. and as bad as underdog is ( my four year old loved it), hot rod makes it look like oscar worthy material. the only thing that could have saved this movie, was if evel himself had come out of retirement to slap samberg in the face for making this movie. i will admit however, that the soundtrack was good. i wasn't sure if the movie was set in the 80's, but with the majority of the music coming from europe? who knows. if i were you, i would take a pass. and just stay at home and watch the test pattern on your local tv station. or if you are dead set on watching this, people under the influence might enjoy it.

quite possibly the worst movie i've ever seen; i was ready to walk out after the first ten minutes. the only people laughing in the theater were the tweeners. don't get me wrong, i love silly, stupid movies just as much as the next gal, but the whole premise, writing and humor stunk. it seemed to me that they were going for a "napoleon dynamite" feel - strange and random scenes which would lead to a cult audience. instead, it ended up being forced, awkward and weird.the only bright light was isla fisher and i just felt utterly awful that she (and sissy spacek) had signed up for this horrible thing.thank gosh i didn't pay for it.

by no means is this movie as bad as 'perfect stranger', but it just wasn't funny. it couldn't stick to one type of comedy - it jumped from snl, to adam sandler-esquire, to romantic, to little guy scores big, to slapstick, to 'loser' (the movie) types of comedies. although there were some pretty funny slapstick moments (the fall down the hill), no one was very particularly funny or outstanding in any way. 'schindler's list' was funnier (and felt shorter). you never knew if andy samberg was supposed to be in high school, a college dropout, or just a loser living at home with his mother - sissy spacek, in her worst choice of roles. and poor ian mcshane, the serious actor if i only had to name one, is given crap to read into the camera. the story drags and is completely predictable up to and including the end (no spoilers here in case adam samberg's mom wants to see it). don't spend any money going to see this movie, and maybe lorne michaels will get the hint and start producing quality (yes, wayne's world and tommy boy are quality) movies.

when viewing a movie as silly as 'hot rod,' one must sit back, relax, and alter one's intellectual capacity to a like state – which is, in this case, a state dimwitted enough to endure brainless drivel that has somehow been mistaken for comedy. with a brief runtime of 88 minutes, this film was long past drawn-out and buried itself beneath a bundle of repetitive jokes – jokes that came at a minority and weren't even funny in the first place. 'hot rod''s base material is as superficial and irrelevant as 2004's cult hit 'napoleon dynamite,' though it's much more contrived and comes without any of the laughter. in fact, the movie's blatant desperation to be compared to 'napoleon dynamite' is scornful and offensive, and left me ticked off, instead of just being annoyed.the movie, if one were compelled enough to call it such, poses a paltry story that puts self-proclaimed stuntman rod kimble before us, with the trifling intention of jumping fifteen buses (one more than his idol evel knievel jumped, so we're told by rod) and raising $50,000 dollars for his stepfather's impending life-saving heart operation; all so that he can fight his stepfather, once recovered, and gain his respect… because in order to gain one's respect, one must first fight them. huh? whatever. each character is no more interesting than rod's stick-on mustache, and from the film's opening joke to its ridiculous conclusion, each scene played like a nonsensical, and terribly unfunny, snl skit – which, with the addition of an extra 85 minutes, is, essentially, what 'hot rod' strives to be.the film's star, andy samberg, contributed an effort to the screen that observably exerted every last drip-drop of his comedic capabilities. unfortunately – rather, realistically – his humorous talents are no more admirable than a five-year-old retelling his own exhausted joke that somewhere includes the innocently crude poop and pee-pee gags. and if that's disappointing, pull a chair, hide your face in your hands, and brace yourself for the real blow: he is the film's humor! to rescue them of their mortification, i'll willingly omit the ghastliness of samberg's co-stars' roles and leave the second third of the lonely island team, director akiva schaffer, to his non-existent talent as a director… or a comedian. basically, every thing one could possibly do to further trample a crash-course comedy is perfectly portrayed here; and done so arrogantly, as though the film would be funnier that way. trick yourself into believing that there's even a single laugh in this heap, or treat yourself to another movie – any other movie.

i got to see an early preview of this movie and i hope they have time to edit it in what ever way they can to improve on it before it comes out aug 3rd. it stars andy samberg from saturday night live as 'hot' rod kimble. he's plays a teenager in a small town who wants to be a stunt man like his late father. when we meet him, he's jumping a mail truck on his mo-ped, yes, a mo-ped, and almost makes it. this would be worthy of a 'jackass' movie if he wasn't honestly trying to do this. isla fisher plays the slightly older and much more mature girl-next-door, denise. she seems to like rod enough to join his 'crew'. jorma taccone (also snl) plays his half brother, kevin, who documents the stunts with a camcorder. sissy spacek plays rod's mom, marie. she remarried frank powell, played by ian mcshane. frank's a real tough guy who enjoys beating rod in some real drag out brawls. it's clear that rod's not going to earn frank's respect till he can beat him. we find out frank needs a $50,000. heart transplant and rod is determined to raise the money just so he 'can beat his ass' once he's healed, and prove himself a man. a long fall down a mountain side convinces rod to 'go big' on one stunt. rod sets out to get seed money by charging for doing stunts that would make you cringe if you saw them in real life. like the human torch- at a children's birthday party. there were those at the showing who managed to laugh at most of the stunts. just when all hope and money is lost, along comes a sponsor who saves the day by getting the 15 school buses rod wants to jump. he gets exclusive broadcast rights and sets up phone lines to get donations. rod gets a new outfit and a real motorcycle. the whole town turns out and the world tunes in. does he make the jump? does he get the girl? do they raise the $50k? does frank get his ass beat by rod? wait till this 90 minute movie comes out on video to find out.

alright, friends, a serious movie buff is expected to watch all kinds of movie, the bad as well as the good, and this movie put me to the test. i won't mince words. this movie was bad. the story was bad. the acting was bad. the always wonderful sissy spacek did nothing to make this movie better. indeed i asked myself why did i even bother to see this rotten trashy movie? why did i waste my time and money on something that i suspected would be bad? the answer is, of course, that i am a movie buff and therefore cannot avoid what otherwise should be avoided. i will not waste your time explaining what exactly was wrong with this amateurish movie, except to say that the quality of the acting was, to put it politely, subpaar. a serious movie buff may want to take on the responsibility of watching this movie. otherwise. stay home, don't waste your time, read a book, take take of chores or have yourself a good sandwich.

if i could have rated this movie by 0 i would have ! i see some ppl at imdb says that this is the funniest movie of the year , etc etc excuse me ? are you ppl snorting lsd or ........? there is absolutely nothing funny about this movie n o t h i n g ! i actually want my 27 minutes back of my life that i spent watching this piece of crap. i read someone sitting on an airplane watching this movie stopped watching after 30 minutes , i totally understand that , i actually would have watched snakes on a plane for 2 times over instead of watching this movie once ! do not watch this movie , do something else useful with your life do the dishes , walk the dog , hell... anything is better than spending time in front of the tv watching hot rod.

this movie is one of the worst comedy movies i have ever seen. i hate these napoleon dynamite rip-offs. just face it people the dumb humor has been mastered already. make something new for once. all these new comedies are just horrible. and coming out of snl andy samberg is not ready for a lead role yet. i hope he can bounce back from this awful movie. and will arnetts character is just plain bad. hey will, did you read the script. the plot is truly the worst ever written. now you tell me if this is weird. (this is the movie) rod kimble's step dad frank is dying and the family needs $50,000 to pay for the heart surgery so rod is planning this huge jump to raise money for frank. only so that rod can beat frank in a fight and prove his manliness. yes thats the movie, you tell me, would u spend $7.00 to see that piece of crap!3/10 just horrible-adam

so i had low expectations for this movie to start with, but it failed to meet even those. while there were some funny parts, even one or two laugh out loud parts, this movie fell terribly short of what i would call good. the funniest jokes were unexpected and over very quickly, leaving us sitting there going "wtf just happened?" in addition, there were a few jokes that just dragged on and on and on. the part where he falls down the mountain had me yawning. also, the editing was really lacking. there were some poor scene transitions, but that seems to be the style nowadays. it made me laugh, but i wouldn't watch it again, and i'm very glad i waited for it to rent. give it a chance, you might enjoy it, but don't think you are in for anything along the lines of the 40 year old virgin, or superbad.

first off, to give you some idea of my taste in movies...2007 comedies i enjoyed: superbad, knocked up, hot fuzz, blades of glory 2007 comedies i hated: evan almighty, the brothers solomon, good luck chucki should have followed my first instinct and turned off "hot rod" after i got to about the 20 minute mark. i knew by that point that this movie would not make me laugh once. the script is absolutely brutal - i have no idea how this monstrosity managed to crack 6 on imdb. any one older than 10 years old who enjoyed this must be some kind of mental defective.this doesn't come close to anything with will farrell and it's clear that andy samberg can't carry anything longer than a 5 to 10 minute sketch on youtube or snl. i don't know how they roped ian mcshane and isla fisher into doing this movie... they must have owed favors or something. i came in knowing that it would be a dumb movie, but i thought it would at least be funny. i didn't so much as smirk.i don't normally comment on movies at imdb, but this was so awful, i just had to warn people. this is only the 4th movie i've seen that i've felt compelled to rate 1/10.

this is one of those movies which makes you think: would hulk " the real american " hogan have done the same? frankly i don't think so and he'd have been right. i'm italian, i cannot go proud of my country for many reasons, but i wouldn't have rowed for another team (the french, for example), simply because i'm in love with juliette binoche. besides the protagonist doesn't fall in love desire with a british girl at the end of the movie but with a fellow countrywoman, so why rowing against yale. as far as acting is concerned, well, all the players act very poorly. and then , you know, i hated that "dead poets society " atmosphere. in fact that's another movie i hate.

ok. i know that the wanna-be john hughes movies of the 80s were all unilaterally flat, so the expectations for this film ran pretty low.still, after sitting through this crap there's one key thing i can't seem to get out of my head:i just sat through an 80s rob lowe movie that had no nudity and only hints of sex in them.the acting is awful, the characters boring and flat, the portrayal of oxford an absolute insult, and the rowing scenes unexciting, uneventful, and inaccurate.unless you've got some wierd ally sheedy or amanda pays (or i guess, rob lowe) fetish, there's really no reason to see this one.

i can fondly remember bo derek's heyday and the uk press attention (the mucky sun & news of the world papers especially)- all following her small role in "10" with dudley moore. understandably, much fuss was made of her photogenic face, crystal clear blue eyes and her perfectly formed bouncing breasts. unfortunately, acting is, and never was, her forte! i think they should make one of the triple disc collections you always find in the bargain dvd bins- orca, tarzan the ape-man and bolero. all these films could be nominated for the "so bad they are great".it would be a guilty "must buy" of mine! should you ever read your press, or this comment ms derek, please do not be offended- always had a soft spot for you and there are more important things going on in the world to worry about than your acting ability. much love.x

whale-hunters pick on the wrong freaking whale.a group of yahoo whale exploitists capture a female and string her up by her tail-fin. the whale's mate sees the whole thing including the moment the female's unborn baby slips out and slops onto the deck. 'captain nolan' (richard harris) could tell that the big male is really mad by the way it stared him down as if to say, "get out of town before high-tide." this story of revenge has harris' presence and bo's beauty, but not much else. this was bo's first 'released' film, though her first acting job was four years previous in 'and once upon a love' released in 1981 as 'fantasies' (directed by john derek).p.s. today, the date of this review (november 20), is bo derek's birthday. i hope bo has a 'whale' of a good time..... get it?..... whale?..... hee-hee.

fairly amusing piece that tries to show how smart orcas are but in the meanwhile (and quite oblivious to them) makes the audience feel stupid by making the most ridiculous film. richard harris plays quint.. i'm sorry, that's wrong, he plays captain nolan, a fisherman who catches sharks for a living, but is lured by the big catch, and tries to catch a killer whale. when the capture of a female killer whale goes awry (don't ask) it's mate (don't ask) goes on a rampage (don't ask) and starts stalking captain nolan (don't ask). soon, captain nolan realizes that they have something in common (don't ask). pretty amazing film-making here folks. i got to tell you though, the beginning (with the whale noises and nothing much else) is pretty haunting and the end credits (with the most godawful song) is pretty entertaining.

1st watched 5/17/2002 - 3 out of 10(dir-ewald andre dupont): fairly lame account of the titanic disaster is the first filmed version of this much-heralded event. the replication of the disaster is not bad, but the drama around it is at some times silly, badly acted and way-too soap opera-like. the story is very much the same as the most recent oscar-winning one except that we are shown how the crew tried to hide the actual disaster that was occurring until almost too late. good for nostalgia purposes only and to get a feel for what james cameron was competing against(barely…) in his recreation.

i am a motion picture production major at wright state university in ohio, and yesterday i was sadly given the opportunity to watch this god-awful film in class. we were informed by our professor that it would be very funny to us, but the reason we were watching it was because it was one of the first sound films - a complete disaster.the problem with early sound films was that hollywood actors only knew how to do silent movies and they weren't good at memorizing lines. so producers and directors would look to the stage to get actors. sounds like a great idea, right? well, the kind of acting one does on stage doesn't show up too well on film. most of the actors in "atlantic" look and sound like they're acting in a play, which results in lots of hearty laughs at the over-acting. another limitation of early sound film was the technology of microphones. you couldn't move the mikes like you can today, you had to keep them static or it would pick up the sound of air moving through. there was usually one mike used in any given scene in this movie. in one particular scene, there is a man sitting at a table. someone walks right up to him and delivers their line, then walks away. another actor comes up from behind him, delivers their line, then walks away. it goes on like this for a couple more people. the microphone is obviously right by the man at the table, making for a laughable actor carousel.those are only technical problems. if you get into the story and direction, then it gets even worse. the story is a fictionalized account of what happened on the titanic. the characters are unbelievable and pointless. a "story" about a man cheating on his wife and their teenage daughter has no place in the movie. it is barely resolved and leaves you wondering why it was there in the first place. a lousy attempt at high drama, the actors take long, pregnant pauses between lines many times. it is tiresome, and you can't wait for this 90 minute (feels like 180 at least) movie to get over with. i'm not going to talk a whole lot about the issue of racism at this time in our country, but it really offended me that there were only two blacks in the whole movie, and they were portrayed as animals. they both pushed past the women and children to try and get in one of the lifeboats. they were ordered to stop or be shot, and of course they didn't so they were shot. i was appalled.i give this movie a 2/10. i would have given it a 1/10 (the lowest rating possible), but i gave it an extra point just because it was one of the first sound films, and i tried to put it into context. if you want to see a good early sound film, check out alfred hitchcock's "blackmail" that also came out in the year 1929. you will find that the best directors were able to adapt to new technology immediately.

yes i know "talkies" had just been invented for the cinema 2 years earlier when this was produced in 1929 but this film showed that much had to learnt about the art of producing films.it comes over as a filmed "hammy" stage play with the actors melodramatically enunciating their lines,rolling their eyes, using too many pregnant pauses and using gestures more appropriate to silent cinema, which i suppose was normal during the process of educating them to appear more naturalistic on screen.the gaps between lines spoken should have been tightened up during editing as it considerably slows the film.it is now only of interest for titanic buffs who want to see an early example of this marine accident on film.in next chronological order they could see "titanic" (1953) a night to remember (1958)"titanic (1997), to see how the cinema's depiction of this tragedy as evolved over the years.there have been many documentaries and tv films made including the atrocious "sos titanic" (1979) on my version which is a dvd, david mccallum gives the introduction.it was he who played harold bride marconi's junior wireless operator in "a night to remember"(still the best feature film - please read my "tribute to walter" comments on imdb under howard morley.demon.co.uk)and gave the commentary on the series of 4 videos entitled "end of a dream" so he was well qualified to give the narration.of more interest i found was a recording accompanied by actual photos of the 1912 us senate hearing which is also on the dvd.actors speak the actual words spoken by lightoller 2nd officer, j bruce ismay,managing director of white star, harold bride and others including gloria stewart (the "old rose" in titanic 1997) whose voice is used for one of the first class women survivors.

no movie with madeleine carroll in its cast could possibly be unwatchable. that said, i have to add that this british film comes close. the story takes place on board the `ss atlantic' and it's loosely based on the `titanic's' unfinished voyage. the word `unsinkable' is spoken, the liner strikes an iceberg, and we hear a heavenly choir sing `nearer my god to thee.' the doomed passengers eventually take over the anthem, in a clever bit of sound work. but the year of the film's release (1929) means that a modern viewer has to accept otherwise primitive sound and many of the acting conventions of silent films and the stage. these aren't problems. the film's major flaw is pacing, and pacing had been well developed in silents. however, if the dialog were delivered at a realistic speed, the movie's running time would be cut in half. the intended effect was drama (and clarity in a new medium), but the result unhappily is tiresome now. the film's structure is preposterously illogical and inept. paradoxically, i found certain details of the editing quite modern in technique: fine, abrupt cuts from one area of the ship to another, sometimes even on sound effects. although we're on board the `atlantic' from the first shot, we were well over 4 minutes into the movie before i discovered that fact. there are long, intrusive musical passages by the ship's dance orchestra. (entertaining, easy sound.) personal stories are presented in an utterly uninvolving and unconvincing way. don't even think of spectacle. the berg is a tiny thing and the exterior damage it does to the ship's hull is a minor dent. however, the scenes of passengers swarming into the lifeboats - clearly staged on a real liner, presumably tied up to a dock - generate great excitement. other than the glorious miss carroll, these sequences are the film's only points of excellence. as the movie and the ship near their end, the screen goes totally black several times when the power generators begin to fail. their last, eternal blackout is the end of the film, with a sunset/sunrise tacked on, a clumsy symbolic effect. `atlantic' is a cinema curiosity. at best.

this was talked about to death by the critics when it honestly isn't that great. sure, "chaos" and "inside man" are literally the same movie, just with variations in suspense. but i found "chaos" more enjoyable because it was fast paced kinda like the silly film "swordfish." the reason this film is more popular is because this got released in the states and "chaos" was aired all around the world at film festivals and foreign theaters, but has yet to find a distributor in the u.k. and u.s.a. it's true that this film makes lots of tributes to classic films like dog day afternoon and other spike lee films, but that doesn't mean that it is a pleasant film to watch. watch it if nothing else is on t.v., but you'll probably get bored with after awhile.

years ago i saw the godfather and it made a lasting impression on me, the atmosphere of the movie was first class, the acting memorable and the storyline a classic. recently i bought the trilogy and after watching part 1 again i looked eagerly to viewing part 2...... i was so pleased to realize early on into part 2 that here was a fitting follow on to the great godfather movie, again everything was just about perfect and i could not wait to see godfather iii ........ wrong!, i wish i'd stopped at ii. the storyline was not good, it seemed to me like a story made up just to have a story, the characters were weak especially the daughter. pacino's protege was a weak character that would have been eaten alive in godfather 1 or 2. then scenes such as, corleone being invested with all the trappings of the catholic church with full choir, the assassin on horseback riding away into the sunset, the unseen helicopter machine gunning of the meeting (where the 'goodies' get away and everyone else is shot),daughter and 1st cousin rolling bits of pasta across a board, the pathetic shooting on the steps ..... corleone stuffing sweets down him with orange juice for diabetes (a man of his intelligence and guile isn't ready for an emergency?)... no it was not good and with the best will in the world i wont be able to watch it again. but i'll watch 1 & 2 many times down the years.

and, finally, old, old michael corleone falls over and goes 'thump!' who really did the writing for this last installment of the godfather saga? probably the same staff who does "as the world turns." this flick doesn't deserve the title "godfather" at all. let's call this one "the cosas of our nostras" or "all my capos". as someone who's encountered a number of mafia people in my business life, i can say without exception, that i've never met any mobster as inwardly-conflicted and contemplative as michael corleone. let's face it, these guys are in the mafia solely because they're greedy, nothing more. in this film, don corleone spends lots of time pondering his past deeds and his bleak future, perhaps even the afterlife, then recovers remarkably fast in order to pull off some fantastic business deal or order the death of this one or that one like the big time operator he is, deep down. then, there's his failed marriage. after the break-up scenes in g2, we may hope that michael & kay will reunite as man and wife, but here they seem to just become very good, platonic friends who can laugh & cry & share intimate thoughts about their lives. it's as if the screenwriters try to make michael into a woman. it's bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. there's some miscasting here and there, or perhaps they're sins of authorship. poor, old-country-beautiful sophia coppola is saddled with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that don't fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - was given "remarks" rather than "lines" to emote. her 'passionate' lovemaking scene with andy garcia looks like something from a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open-mouthed kisses and fondle each others backsides on the kitchen drainboard like marionettes...scullery sex was brought off wonderfully by glenn close and michael douglas, but it's just laughable here. then, there's andy's character, vinnie mancini, who's also given a difficult & thankless role to play. he's expected, i guess, to be the new, new don corleone, but he's almost handed the job on a silver platter and has to do little to strengthen his position, unlike michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in g1. this hand-me-down process may be an authentic way of transferring power in a mafia family, but why is so much made of this boring routine? certainly, don vincent may earn the respect of his fellow gangsters someday, but there's little character revelations in the script to give us a portrait of this young man, sadly. puzo did such a fine job of quickly & concisely developing michael's character in g1. but, g3 has no economy in it's story-telling and we suffer through drawn out expositories until we just want to take a snooze. thirdly, george hamilton was also handed a thankless task, in taking over as family lawyer after robt duvall reportedly turned down a 3rd installment as tom hagen. george wisely underplayed his role, so it came off without damage to the actor. the development of connie corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes murderous matters into her own hands (she could well end up sleeping with the fredos, if this were the real world). but, it's not all bad. the assassination scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty! also, "they keep pulling me back in" or words to that effect is a great line. and, we recover some old-country feel as we get to go back to sicily, even if it's all done in 1989 and they've got modern cars & haircuts. the plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the catholic church are pretty interesting, since it's based on some actual financial shenanigans at banco vaticani in the 1980's, but it's brought too far, again, with the too-spectacular death scenes, etc. the grand opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. but, the death scene of mary toward the end is an unbalanced attempt of emotional-manipulation, at best. all screenwriters need to learn that we don't always need more and more death in order to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. you feel sorry for kay that her daughter is dead, she plays her grief so well, but michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. then, michael dies sometime in the 21st century, in sicily, alone on a grand estate, of heart-failure...no grandson to play with before his demise, no wife to grieve for him. what should have happened in the last 1/2 of this movie is michael being tracked down by someone like rudy guilliani, put on trial, all his dirty family's sleazy little enterprises and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the light of day, michael then convicted under rico statutes and sent to federal prison for life...then he can keel over dead from heart-failure while mopping a floor in leavenworth. that's how mafia dons were ending their careers in the late 80's and early 90's and they got much better treatment than what they deserved.

i dislike this movie a lot. if you've read the puzo's books, or at least have watched very closely the two first movies (specially the first one), you're going to agree with me.compared with the corleone's saga presented by puzo's novel, the script of this film is, sometimes, even ridiculous. the characters and the relationships among them are distorted. the story ends up reaching nowhere, although it appears to go to some direction during the movie.it is understandable that different times should be expected for the corleone's saga in the 90's, and that we would not gonna find things the way they were before. but, in the other hand, i don't know why they had to copy some dialogues from the other movies, in contexts when they didn't fit. why this? it sounds like those poorly made sequels that just try to copy the original film's qualities.what will never be understandable is the fact that mario puzo, coppola and al pacino joined together to make this. a man who directed pieces like apocalypse now and godfather has to be forgiven for almost anything he does in cinema until he dies. so does al pacino, for being the actor he is. but mario puzo shouldn't have written this. how come? he damaged all his previous work. what a shame, my friend. the puzo's novel "the last don" is a 90's story about the mob, and it is great. we can never tell the same about the plot for the godfather iii.

near the beginning of "the godfather: part iii," michael corleone's son wants to drop out of law school and become a musician. michael corleone does not want this. but his estranged ex-wife, kay, manages to convince him to let anthony corleone pursue music as he wishes. so he does.that seems like an odd way to start a review, as it is a minor plot point and has nothing really to do with the major action. just bear with me here; you'll see where i'm going with this eventually. now let me tell you about the major plot. it is about michael corleone wanting to quit crime for good (he has largely abandoned all criminal elements in his family business). but then along comes vincent mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in a feud. so of course michael must endure yet another brush with criminality and gun violence and all that good gangster stuff. meanwhile, vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with michael's daughter mary. oh, and michael and kay are trying to patch up all the horrid things that happened at the end of part ii.it is like a soap opera. one horrid, awful, 169-minute soap opera. gone is any sort of the sophistication, romance, and emotional relevance that made the first two movies hit home so hard. after a 16-year break in the franchise, francis ford coppola delivered a mess of sop and pretentiousness entirely incongruous with the first two films, once again proving his last great work was "apocalypse now" back in the 1970's.what's worse, "the godfather: part iii" isn't even a logical follow-up of "the godfather: part ii." michael is a completely different person. he hasn't just gone to seed (which might be legitimate, even if it'd be no fun to watch). he's become a goody-goody that's trying to fix all the tragedy that made part ii such a devastating masterpiece. his confession to the priest was bad enough, but that little diabetes attack in the middle pushed it over to nauseating. he also gets back together with kay! for heaven's sakes, there is absolutely no way that should happen, as the 2nd movie made abundantly clear! she aborted his baby, and his sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it. didn't francis ford coppola even think of these things?and don't even get me started on mary and vincent's affair! for a romance so forbidden, it was shockingly unengaging. sofia coppola's acting did nothing to help. she made the smartest move of her life when she switched from in front of the camera to behind it, because she was possibly the worst actress i have ever seen in a best picture nominee. every line she delivered was painfully memorized, and every time the drama rested on her acting abilities, all she elicited was inappropriate giggles. in the climactic scene--i won't go into detail, but you'll know which scene i'm talking about when/if you watch it--she looks at michael and says, "......daddy?" i think i was meant to cry, but the line was delivered so poorly i burst out into long, loud laughter!now we get to the climax, and now you will also realize why i took time to start the review with a description of anthony corleone's musical ambitions. after 140 minutes of petty drama and irrelevant happenstances, anthony corleone returns... with an opera! so michael, kay, mary, and vincent go to see it, and for about 10-15 minutes a couple killers walk around trying to assassinate michael. about this climactic sequence, i must say one thing: it was really good! but not because of the killers--they were pretty boring. i just really liked the opera. it had some great music and real great set pieces. and, from what little it showed us, it seemed that the story had echoes of the corleone family's origin. i'll bet it was one swell opera, and i'll bet michael corleone was glad he let his son switch from law school to music.my biggest wish is this: that francis ford coppola had merely filmed anthony corleone's opera for 169 minutes and ditched the rest of the soggy melodrama. better yet, i wish he hadn't made "the godfather: part iii" at all. part ii gave us the perfect ending. this spin off was self-indulgent and unnecessary.p.s. this is not a gut reaction to the film. i watched all 3 godfather films over a month ago (though i was rewatching the first one). not only does this mean that my expectations for part iii weren't screwed (in fact, i had set the bar rather low for it after what i heard), but it also means i've had a good time to think about all three films. while i was a bit disappointed with part ii at first, the more i thought about it, the better it seemed. but with part iii, it was bad to begin with, then got worse the more i thought about it. the sad thing is that many people will stop with part i, but if they watch part ii as well, they will most likely go on to part iii. if you have the will, watch parts i & ii and pretend like part iii never existed.

the godfather part i was a stunning look inside the fictional corleone family and how an innocent young man was all but forced into circumstances he never wanted to have a part of. the godfather part ii shows that young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of all innocence as he dives deeper and deeper into a life of crime. the first two parts of this saga of this transformation of michael corleone make for one of the greatest tragedies in cinematic history.then, along came the godfather part iii. michael corleone is now the aging don of the corleone family. he shows remorse for his previous actions not through subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers for good and admitting all his wrongdoings and regrets to others. very cliche and uncharacteristic of the complex character that is michael corleone. michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. michael's daughter is eventually a casualty of the ongoing mob wars and her death predictably leads to michael realizing that his entire life as don has been worthless for he has failed in the one thing that was the reason for putting himself into the position he was in: protecting his family.the godfather part ii ends with michael corleone reaching the lowest of the lows: having his own brother killed. before part iii was made, the godfather saga was an emotionally riveting tale of an innocent young man's journey into darkness with the unbelievably tragic end of michael forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that has always mattered most to him and those around him: family loyalty. part iii paints the picture of michael as a man who is and always has been just a victim of circumstance. this greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films.the godfather part iii is a horrible mess of a film that never should have been made. the only solution to the problem that is this final installment of the godfather movies is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with michael's shockingly horrible act of having a member of his own family killed.

the danish movie "slim slam slum" surprised me to be the worst movie i have seen to this date. i didn't think that it was possible to top my list of bad bad b-movies but this one deserves the gold. it's not funny. it's bad acting, it's bad filmed and the storyline is bad. the only positive thing i can say about this movie is it has three girls in it. i truly believe this flick has the potential to knock of the other danish movie "stjerner uden hjerner" as the badest danish film ever made! and that's truly something. congratulations in advance!

the hysterical thing about this movie is that, according to the director, it has difficulty finding a distributor in the u.s. because most of them that viewed it couldn't reconcile the seemingly conflicting messages of christianity and american angst. the thought of anyone seeing this as a religious film in anyway is laughable.because a minister at a mission prays with the homeless or wishes someone "godspeed" this makes it a "christian" movie? one could interpret that it is actually mocking religion for in the "land of plenty" with all of its material excess, the best an organized mission can do is hand out a bowl of soup and a bible verse. plenty of unfortunate or downtrodden maybe? plenty of useless homeless missions? how about plenty of psycho vietnam vets? as a pill-popping delusional survivor of agent "pink" are we to think america is a "land of plenty" of paranoid patriots? maybe we have plenty of psychiatric patients? certainly we don't have plenty of people concerned about palestine politics based on the main characters phone conversation in the film. of course if you worked in a german homeless shelter the unfortunate there would be much more concerned about peace in a distant land than their own personal survival as the world knows how europe is the "continent of plenty" when it comes to sophistication.indeed i agreed with the title in the end as the united states is the "land of plenty" and in this particular case it refers to the abundance of poor scripts, amateur acting and dispassionately directed films. life is too short and one, even an american, doesn't have "plenty" of time to waste watching this piece.

wenders was great with million $ hotel.i don't know how he came up with this film! the idea of giving the situation after spt11 and the view of american society is hopeful,that makes it 2 out of ten.but this is not a movie.is that the best someone can do with a great idea(the west-east clash).there are important things going on in middle east and it is just issued on the screen of a mac* with the fingers of an amerian girl who is actually at the level of stupidity(because she is just ignorant about the facts).the characters are not well shaped.and the most important thing is the idea that is given with religion is somehow funny to me.at the ending scene lana says lets just be quiet and try to listen.and the background music says "...i will pray".the thing is not about religion actually.but it ends up with this.how you are gonna see the truth if you just close your eyes and pray.the lights are already shining on the truth.its just that nobody wants to see it. ps: "my home is not a place.it is people"the only thing that gets 10 out of 10 is that sentence.but it is wasted behind this film making. (by the way; as "someone" mentioned below ,americas finest young man are not finest,they are just the "poor" and the "hopeless" ones who sign up for the army in need of good paychecks which is not provided by the government ! )

the end of violence and certainly the million dollar hotel hinted at the idea the wenders has lost his vision, his ability to tell compelling stories through a map of the moving picture. the land of plenty seals the coffin, i'm afraid, by being a vastly unimaginative, obviously sentimental and cliché'd film. the characters are entirely flat and stereotyped, the writing, plot and direction are amateurish, at best. for the first time in quite a while, i was impatient for the film to end so i could get on with my life. the war-torn delirium of the uncle, the patriotic abstract gazing at the sky at the conclusion...it all just struck me as being so simple and pathetic, hardly the work of a filmmaker who once made some compelling magic on screen. what happened? the days of experimentation, perceptive writing and interesting filming possibilities are long behind him, i'm afraid. let's hope he finds his inspiration again... at the toronto film festival, which is where i saw the film, wenders was there to introduce it. completely lacking in humility, he offered us the following: "i hope...no, wait...i know you're going to enjoy the next two hours." i'm afraid he couldn't be more wrong...

with a tendency to repeat himself, wenders has been a consistent disappointment ever since he hit it big with 'paris texas'.'land of plenty' is no exception. taking into the fact that i anticipated an average-mediocre film even before i went in, wenders' ambitions seem to always get the better of him. it's taken for grated now his films are heavy-handed and bombastic.i weren't sure if i was watching a comedy that mocks middle america or some thriller. the outcome of diehl's character is wholly predicable. wender's insistence on layering many many scenes with some rock song is also intensely annoying. he was covering up the holes in his script and direction by jazzing up the scenes.i am certain that many people will find this film important and resonant but in all honestly, this clumsy and didactic effort only speaks of poor direction.interesting that wenders professed that while making 'paris texas', he had great help from sam sheppard with the script. yes, that was wenders' best and he should understand now he needs a good scriptwriter. his films from the past 15 years+ were a total mess.

watching "der himmel über berlin" as a teen in the late 80's was a profound experience for me - "so this was what the movies could be". along with "paris, texas" and "until the end of the world" it still holds a special place in my heart and mind - a testament to the genius of wim wenders.unfortunately later years has seen a steady decline in the quality of his work with "million dollar hotel" and "land of plenty" hitting a terrible low point. gone are the captivating pictures or music. no search for or display of great insight. all that is left are characters and thinly veiled political statements, that boils down to nothing but clichés, and quite frankly mock the intelligence of a mature audience.has the well run dry? whatever the reason, it's time for mr. wenders to either step it up or stop altogether.

a dog found in a local kennel is mated with satan and has a litter of puppies, one of which is given to a family who has just lost their previous dog to a hit & run. the puppy wants no time in making like donald trump and firing the mexican housekeeper, how festive. only the father suspects that this canine is more then he appears, the rest of the family loves the demonic pooch. so it's up to dad to say the day.this late 70's made for tv horror flick has little going for it except a misplaced feeling of nostalgia. when i saw this as a kid i found it to be a tense nail-biter, but revisiting it as an adult i now realize that it's merely lame,boring, and not really well-acted in the least bit.my grade: d

the concept of this made-for-tv horror movie is ludicrous beyond words, but hey, it was the late 1970's and literally all stupid horror formats were pretty damn profitable, so why not exploit the idea of a satanically possessed dog? the plot of "devil dog" is easy to describe to fans of the horror genre: simply think of "the omen" and replace the newborn baby boy with a nest of german shepard pups! seriously, i'm not kidding, that's what the movie is about! during the opening sequence, members of some kind of satanic cult buy a female dog in heat only to have it impregnated by satan himself. you'd think that the lord of darkness has other things on his mind than to fornicate with a german shepard and take over the world one evil puppy at the time, but apparently not. exactly like little damien in "the omen", one of the puppies is taken in by model family and grows up to become a beautiful and charismatic animal. but lucky – that's the dog's name – is pure evil and liquidates annoying neighbors and nosy school teachers in derivative and tamely executed ways. he also inflicts his malignant character on the family wife and children, but he cannot force the father (richard crenna) to stick his arm into a lawnmower because he's a "chosen one". the whole thing becomes too moronic for words when crenna eventually travels to ecuador to search for an ancient wall painting and gets advice from an old witchdoctor who speaks perfect english. i guess he learned that living in isolation atop of a mountain his entire life. director curtis harrington ("what's the matter with helen", "ruby") and lead actor richard crenna ("wait until dark", "the evil") desperately try to create a suspenseful and mysterious atmosphere, but all is in vain. scenes like cute puppy eyes spontaneously setting fire to a spanish maid or a dog dodging bullets without even moving evoke chuckles instead of frights, and not even spooky musical tunes can chance that. the "special" effects are pathetic, especially near the end when the satan-dog mutates into an utterly cheesy shadow on the wall. "devil dog" is a truly dumb movie, but it's definitely hilarious to watch late at night with some friends and loads of liquor. there are entertaining brief cameos of martine beswick ("dr. jekyll and sister hyde") as the terrifying cult queen and r.g. armstrong ("the car", "the pack") as the evil fruit, vegetable and puppy salesman. and, yes, that annoying daughter is the same kid who gets blown away complaining about her ice-cream in carpenter's "assault on precinct 13".

i remember devil dog playing on tbs almost 20 years ago, and my older sister and her friends watching it and laughing all the next day. it's not that bad for a made-for-tv horror movie, but it is derivative (mostly of the exorcist) and businesslike, for lack of a better word. it won't blow you away with artful cinematography or great acting, but it's not a waste of time, either. it's the kind of movie you watch to kill a couple of hours when you aren't in the mood to think too hard.however, if you go into the movie looking for some laughs, you won't be disappointed. the early scenes, with lucky the devil dog as a cute little puppy with children of the damned eyes are hilariously non-threatening, and the climactic blue-screen effects of a giant black dog (with horns!) are pretty side-splitting. and keep an eye out for the cloaked satanist in maverick shades toward the beginning.not a great horror film by any stretch of the imagination, but i wish they still made stuff like this for tv.

what's this? a canadian produced zombie flick that i have never heard of before. a mortician works on the body of a recently deceased young man. this allows for an extended flashback that show how the guy got there. basically, he and friends went to a cemetery on friday the 13th and raised the dead thanks to his silly chanting. cut back to the morgue where our dead body comes back to life and kills the mortician and owner (who gets his eyes popped out). the final wtf? shot has the funeral home owner in a straight jacket and screaming, "i'm not crazy!" amazingly, he has his eyeballs back.running a scant 58 minutes, this is certainly one oddity in zombie cinema. it feels a lot longer, but put me in some kind of trance where i couldn't stop watching. the film also has one of those "if you see this image, turn away from the screen" gags. it is the image of an old man getting sick in a theater (prophetic?) and when he pops up (only twice) the blood begins to flow. the scenes are pretty damn gory for the time period. there is a great gaffe where a zombie chops off a girl's right hand with a shovel, but - when he pulls the fake hand into the frame to chomp on - it is a left hand.

standard "paint-by-numbers" monster fare, filled with a bunch of routine plot devices from big-creature movies. it's like somebody had a deck of cards with plot ideas from other movies written on them, which were shuffled, and dealt. whatever plot lines and characters came up in the deal were then tossed into the script. characters are so cliché-ridden, that you can play a game of "guess who ends up as a monster meal" after less than ten minutes into the movie, and probably get every single one right--including the order that they will get devoured. many of the characters are so obnoxious, that you root for the creature to shut them up. some of the main characters include: a billy idol clone who surfs with sharks, a loudmouth brat who flashes bankrolls, a capt. ahab guy with a vendetta, and ahab's girlfriend who does sleazy dances at a bar. oh, and a big, big beast in need of anger management therapy.along the way, people argue a lot, pretty girls run around with wet t-shirts, couples make out on exotic beaches, explosions occur, ruins of a shrine appear, and greasy-faced pirates drop by. amusing, for the most part, but one thing bothered me: the callousness by characters when other people were killed. after one violent demise, they make one-liner jokes. i could almost hear rim shots.overall, ok, if you have 90 minutes to waste, and you want to laugh at a so-bad-it's-good-movie. otherwise, you may want to skip this one.

fans of creature feature films have to endure a lot of awful movies lately. blood surf shamelessly joins the list of stupid, redundant pulp-horror titles about ridiculously big animals that want to turn the food chain upside down. crocodiles are particularly successful as we already had to struggle our way through the abysmal 'crocodile' (directed by a disappointing tobe hooper) and 'lake placid'. blood surf is every bit as bad as these other films and – on top of that – it likes to exaggerate tremendously. the saltwater-crocodile supposedly is 90 years old, over 30 ft long (!) and it kills for fun! during the film, he amuses himself by devouring a bunch of utterly stupid surfer-dudes & dudettes who came to seek new thrills by surfing in a shark-congested area. the only beautiful aspect about this film is the tropical location. even though it's a completely inappropriate setting for a film like this, the lagoons and nature looks marvelous. every other aspect is simply disastrous. there's a quite a bit of gore but it all looks fake and laughable. the dialogues are downright painful to listen to! you won't believe some of the lines these actors have to say! i know surfers are supposed to be a mentally underdeveloped group but i hope for their own sake they're not that stupid! early in the film, one of the characters refers to jaws as being a 'mechanical toy' but the croc here looks at least 10 times less real than spielberg's great white shark. the visual effects in 'blood surf' are amateurish and the massacres fail to impress. i won't say too much about the acting since it's secondary in flicks like this. the girls look sexy in wet shirts and their boobs joyfully bounce while running away from the beast. you guessed right: blood surf is a very bad film. so bad it becomes fun again. but 'funny' for a whole other reason than james hickox intended.

seeing this movie, as i just did for the first time on turner classic (which lists it as "dangerous female"), can only multiply your appreciation for the 1941 bogart-astor version. ricardo cortez must have been getting paid by the smirk. i hope he remembered his dentist and his brylcreem salesman in his will; they made him the actor he was. the women are all good, but no better than that. well, una merkel is a little better. more interesting are the "original" joel cairo and mr. gutman, who competently deliver many of the individual tics but almost nothing of the set-changing atmospherics of their successors in the roles, peter lorre and sydney greenstreet. humphrey bogart and mary astor somehow transcended the essential seediness of their characters in the remake; here, sam spade and ruth wonderley(!) can't. this movie doesn't exactly stink; it lies there like a big slice of ham. its chief value today is as a reminder that great movies like the '41 "falcon" don't just happen. on the 1-to-10 scale i rate it a 4, mainly for the camera work and the supporting players.

you get 5 writers together, have each write a different story with a different genre, and then you try to make one movie out of it. it's action, it's adventure, it's sci-fi, it's western, it's a mess. sorry, but this movie absolutely stinks. 4.5 is giving it an awefully high rating. that said, it's movies like this that make me think i could write movies, and i can barely write.

the special effects of this movie are, especially for its time, laughable and used in such an over-emphasized way that you can't deny their terrible existance.the acting redefines the term "terrible overacting" at the hands of meg foster and richard joseph paul, where julie newman and andrew divoff just redefine "bad".***spoilers***the charm in this movie can be found in two things: first is the excellent casting of carel "lurch" struycken as the mysterious psychic gaunt, who can sense where and when people will die and is always there.the second are original finds, the combination sf-western is obviously original, if terrible, but other finds are more original, like the gunman zack stone being able to sense the pain of the people he shoots (though his acting falls short here).overal...don't see this movie, except if you love that ol' hunk-o-brutal carel struycken, as any self-respecting dutchman should.

republic pictures comes late in the game to the "werewolf" er werecat genre. the plot has a writer returning to paris after a long trip abroad during which he developed jungle fear during which he had blackouts. he is arriving to great acclaim as his novel that parallels an infamous trial is a best seller. the french government wants to know if he had access to secret documents, something that seems more likely when an official is killed by a "catman". suspicion really falls on the writer when his fiancé ends up dead. complicating matters is the return of the blackouts so the writer doesn't know if he's the killer or not.okay thriller is much too leisurely to be fully enjoyed. there are too many musical numbers early on and too much dead time when things are all talk in the middle and later sections. the acting is fine and the sets quite good but there is a reason why most people i know only remember the top hatted killer, he's the most interesting thing in this film. despite its short running time (just over an hour) i think the reason that this film was rarely seen on tv was that after 20 minutes you begin to lose patience with it. as good as the talk is, i just wished someone would do something. when it finally did happen, in the closing minutes, it was too little too late..take a pass.

speaking solely as a movie, i didn't really liked it. not because there were no fx or because we had a single cabin as the scenario for the whole film, actually that was what kept me watching it.i didn't like it because the acting was shady, his "friends" are all happy and then they're mad, but you have no idea why; then they take distinct roles, one is the believer, other is the antagonist, but they never really make the point! also, the lighting was terrible and i'm just mentioning technical issues.in a few words, i thing the movie could have just had a "ok i'm outta here!" from some characters. like the lady who doesn't want to hear his version of the bible.about the story itself, everyone is free to write about what they want, and the story is proof of some good writing and imagination. i credit the book author for that, hence, my 4/10.so, in the end, hear the man's story believe it or not, just don't spend the whole time acting like you believe him and being shocked at what he says, and at the same time moving around and making jokes like you don't believe him.coherence.thanks for reading ;)

i have to admit that this "re-imagining" of the original 1968 film was a huge disappointment. specially when taken into consideration that this is a tim burton film. he is defenetly one of the most original and, might i say, cool directors hollywood has produced.i am personally a great fan of his work, but something obviously went wrong with his latest flick, the planet of the apes. i really enjoyed the original film. when it first came out people expected just another cheezie 70's science fiction film, but a very surprise anding totally proved that theory wrong. it had indeed a clear cut message. an obvious anti-war message. fear of the cold war, where it was taking the world and fear of the use of nuclear weapons played a big role in the mind of the film-makers. those reasons made the film rise above all expectations and it became a instant classic. although, the new film, the "re-making" or whatever, leaves us with nothing. no message, no ideals behind it. it is just another money-minded summer blockbuster.visually tim burton does not let you down. the dark and creepy settings were excellent and of course the make up was terrific.obviously that is not enough to keep people intrested in a film. there has to be an exciting plot or storyline. in this movie the plot is highly uninteresting and it is extremely badly thought out. the script is very lame and it is full of gaps. it looks like this film had been written in a big hurry. the explanation for why the apes where there, and why the ruled the planet was indeed very stupid and proved the script-writers ignorance.it raised a lot of questions, which had no reasonable answers to.for example; why did the apes speak english?, why were there other ape-species than chimps on the planet (given that there were only chimps in the space ship that crash-landed on the planet) where the hell did all of those humans come from? how were a few chimps able to evolve into a huge raise of all kinds of monkeys in only a few thousands years. (i mean it took a few million years for us to evolve from monkey to man!)and finally, the bad surprise ending was just plane dumb. it was probably just thrown in because the original film had such an end, then they felt that the audience were expecting the same kind of ending. the ending also raises a lot of questions, which i know, don´t have intelligent answears. did theid learn to work the space ship?, which was power-less, and learnt to fly back in time and take over the earth single hand?, and, what did he do, breed with all the women? and lets say that that would happen, i higly doubt that history would stay the same, like washington would be built exactly like it is today! (i mean wouln't there be a huge banana instead of the memorial?)well, just to say something posative about the film. some of the cast was great. helen bonham carter's character was interesting and well-acted, as for tim roth as theid. he was very good, a little exaturated at some points of the film. michael clark duncan was also fine. i was not happy with marc whalberg. he is not much of an actor, and plays here a very macho colour-less character. very unbielevable and is nothing compared to hestons character in the original. and the main female character had no reason or place in the film. she was just casted for the looks. hardly said a word throughout the entire film.well, i think that in the future when people think about the planet of the apes, they will think about the original one. the latest will soon be forgotten.

apart from helen bonham carter, there is nothing worthy about this movie....and the surprise ending?! the thought of a sequel is even more annoying. save your money, wait for the video and ignore that too.

after looking at monkeys (oops apes) for more than one hour, i was feeling like one too. i was an ape, spending money on this movie. please people, hold you money in your pocket and go see some funny movie like bridget jones's diary..

i read somewhere that hollywood should concentrate on remaking bad movies and leave the classics alone. we can only hope. while this remake wasn't a total waste, i still wish i had the six bucks back to go toward a dvd of the original. lots of violence and one of the worst endings i've ever seen. this version doesn't add anything new. it only reiterates why hollywood should leave the good stuff alone.

probably somebody heard of alberto tomba. a former policeman, a former sky champion, and, now, a terrible actor. "alex l'ariete" was planned to be a tv "mini serial", but the italian television itself refused to show the movie on its channels. now it's a, believe me, ridiculous movie. the script it's simply hilarious (it's supposed to be a dramatic movie), something like a 5 years old kid work. but what really blows you away it's the amateurish acting: alberto tomba, who actually was not believable as a policeman himself, plays terribly a totally silly character: a special operations italian policeman specialized in smashing doors open! ("ariete" is "ram"). this super-guy will try to save a young nice girl life (an actual italian "little" tv showgirl, married to the singer eros ramazzotti): nice but absolutely inept in the acting. lose this one and make yourself a favour. a movie that is a shame to italian cinema industry: only john travolta in earth attack got close..

this movie was exactly what i expected it to be when i first read the casting. i probably could have written a more exciting plot, it's a pity that they left it to a pack of howler monkeys. alberto tomba was surely a good skier but he has to thank god (and we too) that he does not have to rely on his actor skills to earn his living. he can't play, he can't talk, he can't even move very good on mainland without his skis... michelle hunziker is a pretty blonde girl, and that's all. she obviously wasn't chosen for her astounding competence in dramatic roles but most probably for her nice legs. nevertheless i must admit that she could be the tomba's acting teacher, because he's even a worse actor than her, and that's funny, especially considering that she isn't italian. i laughed all the time, watching this movie. i found it so ridiculous and meaningless that it actually made me laugh, loud, very loud.

richard dreyfus is not the star here. he has about three 20 second cameos and what is gene barry doing all over this movie? no idea, the director was probably his brother! this is a movie that makes no sense whatsoever. the inept writer/director (same dude) butchered up everyone's talent with his horrendous uh...work. i got the dvd for a penny so can't complain! but it's weird!and it makes you feel weirded out and in not a good way. this was the 70's and looks like the director was on a bad acid trip and wanted everyone to experience what it's like to be inside his head. it has a somewhat interesting and controversial concept, but like a scratched record, it quickly plays foul. it has that "manson family on acid" vibe to it.i have no idea how the other reviewer got all they did out of this movie? maybe they worked in it back when? at any rate, be prepared to lose 80+ min of your life you'll never get back. yes, it's that awful!

....because if i was, i may have wished it was me being crucified on a wooden cross! i'm still trying to determine the plot of this movie - and i'm being "generous" that there was even a plot to begin with. as previously mentioned, it's a misnomer on the cover of the dvd that richard dreyfuss is actually the star. he was barely in the movie. and if he was indeed "frustrated" as the back cover indicated he was, well, that's probably because he said yes to be in this disaster of a movie and couldn't get out of it! the movie really seemed to focus on jared martin, and what his role in the movie was supposed to be, other than the extreme close -ups, was not as big of a mystery as to what gene barry's role actually was - or wasn't. and speaking of "big"...whomever had the bright idea to fit gene barry in the humpty dumpty attire, which showcased his trousers literally pulled up to his chin, should be sentenced to hard time by watching this movie stoned sober. i could go on and on about how horrendous this movie was, from the dialogue not matching the "actors'" mouths (think clutch cargo), to the erratic jumping from scene to scene (again, being generous even calling the frames of pictures "scenes"), to the lack of a plot.... however, if you're into bad early 70s genre and if you're in a cottage in michigan with nothing but this movie and a box of kid & cat pictures, i recommend having a good bottle of wine before you embark on this weird ride of a movie because you'll be thankful that you may not remember it the next day!

it was and a simpler time ( the seventies ), a simpler place ( san francisco ), where a man could make a simple movie about a drug crazed psychotic re-crucifixion of christ as a woman on acid with never ending dream sequences and inter cut flashbacks while having a multi-racial inter gender orgies regardless of financial responsibilities or moral repercussion.this movie, tedious, slow, boring, is the worst example of the kind of pretentious heavy handed art school dreck that passed as art in the midst of the 70's. and i love it ! once this train wreck of endless slow motion zoom ins and heavy reverbed echo chamber acid guitar licks starts you can't take your eyes off of it until the ridiculous and absurd end. its kind of a cross between jesus christ superstar, beyond the valley of the dolls, and a really crappy acid trip with your parents on a water bed. its simultaneously a train wreck, completely fascinating, and also a great snapshot of the worst ( or best ) elements of b-grade seventies phychadelic film genre.the plot.i'll just tell you the plot because you will hardly be able to tell whats happening due to the constant cross edited flashbacks to events that may or may not have happened to characters that may or may not be themselves, and the face painted hippy freak nicks endlessly cavorting about in banal sequences of performance art level mime like street theater."logan" is a really annoying iconoclast film maker who yells at people allot and is surrounded by a mostly silent film crew who are always dropping acid and having what seem like really bad orgies. richard dreyfus has an ancillary role as what seems like the accountant. the film crew seems to hate him for some reason and break out into maniacal laughter perhaps to torment him. "suzanne" the titular character is a willowy blond who stairs vacuously into space and comforts the totally insane "artist" character. "the artist" is going completely mad, by the way. either from his hamfisted overacting or the incredible awfulness of his paintings. all of course terrible nudes of susanne. there are some other characters that randomly show up, a cigar chomping "the man" character. who also is all hot for suzanne i guess. he has a monologue. i couldn't really ever figure out what he had to do with the story except everyone had to hate "the man" back then and you couldn't make a movie without one. there is also a mute girl. the mute girl pays off in the end trust me, its incredibly stupid.

"the second coming of suzanne" is yet another one of those surrealistic films that tries to come across as extremely sophisticated, yet all it does is put the viewer to sleep. like other movies of this type, there is limited dialogue. everyone is much more interested in the visual aesthetic of the shot. however, the cinematography stinks so there is nothing at all to keep your attention.the video box states that this film is "one of the most exciting visual adventures ever seen on film." yeah...sure. it's right up there with watching such stimulating events as a bucket of ice melting or a turtle walking for a mile. 1/10

richard dreyfuss is, indeed, in this flick, but in a rather small part. he is not the "obsessed" filmmaker - he's the group's business manager/accountant. even the box describes the film inaccurately. there are no erotic scenes with sondra locke, as advertised, unless one uses the term "erotic" quite loosely. i would not have considered viewing the film without richard dreyfuss being in it as a major character. i might have, however, had i realized that the famous 60's anthem, leonard cohen's "suzanne," was an artistic influence. other than the brief recitation of lines from the end of james joyce's "ulysses", and an interesting visual reference to the end of ingmar bergman's "the seventh seal," i found it a poor attempt to meld symbolic elements and moods immortalized in films like "last year at marianbad" and "un chien andalou." if you like the idea of the eccentric artistic troupe, there are many superior films, ranging from "bye, bye, brasil" to "cecil b. demented."

96 minutes of this is cruel..and i love the old munster's. yes, the plot is thing; yes the lines are trite; but whoever was at the helm of this was not a fan. there is so much 'intrigue' (and i use that word with great pause) that i wonder if it's an old starsky & hutch episode. i lost count of the number of times i noticed that makeup had missed a spot near the collar. refusing to acknowledge that any time had passed since the mid-60's (ludicrous) the producers simply replace marilyn & eddie with younger actors. why not let them grow and age? the addition of an addam's family style reunion does not add to the flavor of the halloween party.grandpa & herman fly to transylvania and back in a few hours (preposterous.) sid ceaser is the most, yes the most unbelievable character (i am including the bad robots) since he babbles an unwild combination of gibberish & yiddish but claims to be an ancient arabic ruler. and yes, it looks like the laugh track is missing. in fact, there are several spots where there is dead air, as if the laugh track was to be inserted later. the actors seem to wait on the faux audience. it's not laughable; it's sad. oh, and the best part! yvonne decarlo has a line that just goes to show you how out of touch the writers and producers were. marilyn says something like: "where could uncle herman and grandpa be? they could have been in an accident. they could have been hit by a car...or a train!" lily says responds with something like: "you're uncle herman will be here if he has to drag himself off the train track." what's amazing about this is: yvonne decarlo's husband was a stuntman in the early 60's and lost a leg and was nearly killed in a train stunt. he never recovered and this financially devastated her family. (check out biography's fantastic review of her life and career) this line could have been easily changed to be more sensitive to her.if you are a real fan of the munster's then you'll have to rent this mess. it illustrates how some things are better left alone. even with the (nearly) original cast, this is almost as bad as the attempted remake of the show a few years ago.

following the success of the (awful) gilligan's island tv movie reruns, a number of tv movies were made in the 1980's reuniting casts from classic shows. most of these movies completely missed the boat as far as recapturing the humor that made the shows so special. the munsters revenge is among the most disappointing because it goes for a laurel and hardy-type comedy style that really wasn't in the original series. yvonne de carlo, a wonderful comedienne and essential to the series, is completely wasted - she has less time here in this 90 minute movie than she did in any single 30 minute episode. and since the roles of "eddie" and "marilyn" in this movie are nothing more than cameos, what was the point of making them younger and recasting them? with very little rewriting, they could have used butch patrick and pat priest. although seeing some of the munsters spooky relatives was a nice touch, i didn't enjoy sid caesar as the hammy mad scientist mainly because there's too much of him and not enough of the underused munsters (ironically that very year, 1981, caesar's old partner in comedy, imogene coca, was also inappropriately cast in a major part in a tv movie reunion return of the beverly hillbillies). another strange inexplicable bit at the beginning of the film has the munster family represented as wax figures at a local horror wax museum. why would they be in there when they are supposed to be a "typical" (if strange) american family, not famous monsters? this was the last munsters project featuring the original cast in their roles, there was an awful revival of the series in the late 1980's with a completely new cast and a 1990's tv movie which featured decarlo, lewis, priest, and patrick in cameo roles as a family dining.

this film is the freshman effort of stephanie beaton and her new production company. while it suffers from a few problems, as every low budget production does, it is a good start for ms. beaton and her company.the story is not terribly new having been done in films like the burning and every friday the 13th since part 2. but, the performances are heartfelt. so many big budget movies just have the actors going through the motions, its always nice to see actors really trying to hone their craft.the story deals with the murder(and possible return) of a disfigured classmate. the others are sworn to secrecy, but the trauma of the event sends each person in different directions in their lifes. ten years later, the friends are murdered one by one by a gruesome stalker known as "the bagman". who will survive? you have to watch.if you are roger ebert or any number of arrogant critics, you probably shouldn't bother. but if your taste run more towards joe bob briggs and you want to see a group of people honing their craft, then check out "the bagman".

we bought this film from a shop called poundland. we were looking for more inspiration as we have previously bought the film no big deal an remade it.we expected this film to be badly inspirational so that we might remake it and put it on the tube. however, this was shocking. boring is the main word that comes to mind. the bad effects and script aren't enough to make you watch it. the main woman's body seems to be whipped out at opportune moments in a pathetic attempt to keep the viewer interested. however, it just makes you wonder, did they blow the budget getting her to take her clothes off? if so, i'd have asked for a refund! it looks like a homemade film, the shots don't even correspond with each other and the camera work is so amateur it makes our remakes of bad movies look professional. i cannot believe that this is being sold as a marketable product.it is just boring and ugly to watch. the actors are bad and there is no degree of professionalism about it. there are no words to describe how terrible it is.

any film with a title as ridiculous as "the bagman" should automatically attract the attention of any bad movie lover, but the plot is far different than what one may expect after viewing the dvd cover. the bagman is by no means a good movie. it falls into the category of films that seem to have been (and probably were) filmed on a home video camera. the acting is awful. i haven't heard and seen such wooden acting since troll 2. there are plenty of scenes with nudity and sex, but they are clearly jumped into too fast. the characters are morons and entirely forgettable. the ending (which i will not spoil) can be easily anticipated after watching the very first scene. due to the cheesy nature of the film, nothing aside from the awful production values is truly scary (awful attempts at realistic gore, a driving scene where the car is clearly stationary, etc). recommended for bad movie aficionados only.

to be clear from the get go, 'the bagman' is very, very, very bad. it suffers terribly in almost every aspect except for one: the finished product is such an awful film that it's actually hysterically funny to watch. this is a very low-grade film. budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who watches even just the opening title sequence. i'm not sure if much of the humour in the film was intended or not. for example, the movie takes place in 'doomsville.' note to all prospective home buyers: if the town you're moving to is called 'doomsville,' keep moving. stephanie beaton is quick to pull off her top for a pretty enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen. i couldn't help but laugh because it has intentional humour (she turns on the gas stove ... get it? the sex is that hot? get it?) and unintentional humour. the unintentional in this case is the music. it's like the theme music for 'chariots of fire' goes electronica. break out the computer and the synthesizers! i realize that coming up with music for a small production like this is cost prohibitive. i really feel for them because the work here is so well-intentioned. the problem is that cheap music isn't necessarily good music. i haven't laughed so hard at sex on screen since 'alone in the dark' with that 'seven seconds' song (i guess they were implying that poor old mr. slater was a bit ... quick on the draw?). even the end credits are hilarious. intentional or not? you be the judge: a pet dog and cat are part of the credited cast -- and an animal wrangler was on set for them! -- the boom is credited to 'mr b. stick,' and the 3rd unit's wardrobe (yep, they had a third unit) is credited to k-mart. maybe it's just me, but i think the hilarity of this more than saves the film. the movie is very, very bad, but the goals of stephanie beaton, her friends and family are so well-intentioned in 'the bagman' that you can't help but like the movie they've produced. 'the bagman' is bad but not dreadful. in its own sweet way, it even manages to be a bit endearing. it wears its flaws so honestly that you can't help but forgive them. "better" films that try to hide the flaws are almost worse in a way. i guess this is just a film that knew who its audience was and was produced accordingly.watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be a lot better than this. some of them might look cheaper, or have worse acting, or sillier production value. they may not suffer terribly as 'the bagman' does from awful editing, sound, and foley effects. mr b. stick didn't do a very good job. the special effects look to be where most of the money went. they tend to be more funny than gruesome, although when the 'bagman' is finally unmasked at the end, the make-up job there is surprisingly well done.my 4 out of 10 is a little high but the humour helped a lot. this is an ideal movie to track down some night with a few friends and a few beers in hand. great entertainment is to be had by anyone who seriously considers themselves b-movie or low budget film aficionados. all others should probably avoid with great prejudice.

dear friends and family,i guess if one teen wants to become biblical with another teen, then that's their eternal damnation - just remember kids, "birth control" doesn't mean "oral sex", i don't care what the honor student says. on the other hand, even if the senator's aid quotes himself as a "bit of a romantic guy", he's still only hitting on a high school girl. if she was my sister, i'd eat this guys kneecaps.other than that i found out that mongolians don't kiss the same way the french do and that baseball players named zoo like delicate undergarments.i think i'd almost rather watch richie rich one more time than suffer the indignity of this slip, slap, slop. thank you, and good night.

inspector gadget was probably my all-time favorite 80's cartoon. i enjoyed both the first and second seasons of the series as well as 1992's christmas special "inspector gadget saves christmas". some gadget fans are quick to criticize the second season (1985) of the show, but they need to compare it to dic's 2002 release of "inspector gadget's last case: claw's revenge" for then, they will find the second season to be absolute gold.being a gadget fan, i couldn't resist the opportunity to see the animated inspector gadget in something that wasn't gadget boy-related. i purchased the film, and i swore to myself that i'd be objective; i knew that sometimes artistic liberties would be taken from the original series. i was not even prepared for what i was about to watch.there was barely a shred of the original show still intact.here is a short list of just some of the cons for this movie: *the humor is non-existent from the original series.*penny and brain (originally having a nearly equal part in the series as gadget) are missing from the action for fifteen to twenty minute intervals.*the original music by saban & levy is not there, and the score that exists is sub-par. (understood that saban has his own production company now, but at least "inspector gadget saves christmas" had good music, even without saban.) *don't expect to see any of gadget's gadgets which made the show so endearing, such as gadget-copter, gadget-brella, gadget-mallet,gadget-coat (which actually was used but it was not even called the same thing), as well as his standard other hat and hand gadgets. in this movie, his gadget legs were telescopic instead of springs. that kind of stuff annoys true fans of the show, and simply aren't necessary to change.*the gadgetmobile from the original series is now a fast-talking, supposedly "hip" convertible. all the fans from the original series enjoyed the gadgetmobile transforming into the gadget van and vice versa.*chief quimby is now very short-tempered and even mean to gadget. he was always grumpy in the original series, but this pushes the situation a bit much.*penny no longer has a computer book.are there any positives to this movie? ok, here goes...*maurice lamarche does a good job of taking over for the great don adams as inspector gadget.*in one scene, chief quimby alludes to an actual villain from the cartoon series: the great wambini (classic "gadget" villain from the second season, voiced by louis nye).looking for more redeeming factors for this movie? well, you're out of luck. life is about making choices and living by those choices. most situations in life have a purpose even if it is to teach a lesson. the lesson learned here: keep to the original formula! "if it ain't broke, don't fix it." true gadget fans should steer clear from this movie; you will surely be disappointed.hopefully, dic and shout! factory will continue to release more of the original series after the 2006 release of "inspector gadget: the original series, volume 1," containing the first 22 episodes of the series. as a true gadget fan, lover of 80's animation and many of dic's programs, i urge you the viewer to purchase "inspector gadget: the original series, volume 1" and "inspector gadget saves christmas" dvd's which are excellent and sure to bring back good memories.

this animated inspector gadget movie is pretty lame.the story is very weak,and there is little action.most of the characters are given little to nothing to do.the movie is mildly entertaining at best,but really doesn't go any where and is pointless.it's watchable but only just and is nowhere near the calibre of the animated tv show from the 80's.it's not a movie that bears repeat viewing,at least in my mind.it's only about 74 minutes long including credits,so i guess that's a good thing.unlike in the tv show,the characters are not worth rooting for here.in the show,you wanted inspector gadget to save the day,but there,who really cares?anyway,that's just my opinion.for me inspector gadget's last case is a disappointing 3/10

a still famous but decadent actor (morgan freeman) has not filmed for four years. when he is invited to participate in a new project, he asks the clumsy cousin of the director to drop him in a poor latin neighborhood in carlson to research the work of the manager of a small supermarket. he sees the gorgeous spanish cashier scarlet (paz vega) and he becomes attracted with her ability. his driver never returns to catch him and scarlet gives a ride to the actor. but first she has a job interview for the position of secretary in a construction company and the actor helps her to be prepared; then they spend the afternoon together having a pleasant time.i am a big fan of morgan freeman and paz vega. however, the pointless "10 items or less" is absolutely disappointing. this low-budget movie does not seem to have a storyline, and is supported by the chemistry and improvisations of morgan freeman and paz vega and actually nothing happens along 82 minutes. the ambiguous open conclusion is simply ridiculous, with the character of morgan freeman returning to his silver spoon world and telling the simple worker that they would never see each other again. was he afraid to have a love affair with her and destroy his perfect world with his family? or was a clash of classes, and he realizes that his fancy neighborhood would not be adequate to a simple worker from the lower classes? my vote is four.title (brazil): "um astro em minha vida" ("a star in my life")

this movie was great the first time i saw it, when it was called "lost in translation." but somehow bill murray turned into an eccentric black man played by morgan freeman, scarlett johansson turned into a cranky latino woman played by paz vega, and tokyo, japan turned into carson, california. instead of meaningful conversations and silence we enjoyed in translation, we get meaningless blabbering in 10 items that verges on annoying. instead of characters that were pensive and introspective as in translation, we get characters that spew pointless advice on topics they have no clue about. how can a character that wears hundred dollar t-shirts and has never been inside a target department store expect to give advice to a working-class woman on how to prepare for a job interview as an administrative assistant? don't think that stops him. if he isn't giving her clothing advice, he's telling her what she should eat. the most annoying part of the movie for me was how supposedly they were in a hurry to make an appointment, and yet the characters keep finding time to run another errand, be it washing the car, stopping at arby's, or just laying around to list off their 10 items or less lists of things they love and hate. i kept wanting to yell at them saying, "didn't you say you had somewhere to be? what the heck are doing? a minute ago you were practically late, now you're eating roast beef and pondering your lives!" until i saw this movie, i never truly understood how something could "insist upon itself," but i think this movie does exactly that, and undeservedly so. the dialogue makes the characters cheesy and unsympathetic…with the exception that i felt sorry for both of the actors for having signed onto this project.

while watching this movie, i came up with a script for a movie, called "the making of 10 items or less":producer: i've got good news and bad news. the good news is, we can get morgan freeman!writer: that's great! but what's the bad news?producer: we can only afford to hire him for one day. i guess we'll have to get someone else.writer: so we hire him for one day. a movie is an hour and a half long. a work day is eight hours long. i fail to see a problem.producer: but... he'll have to spend time getting into character.writer: so we have him play a character who is essentially himself.producer: but he'll still need to understand his motivation and all that. you're not saying we have him play a big-name actor that's doing a low-budget movie, are you?writer: why not?producer: that's ridiculous! but fine, at least we'll have morgan freeman in our movie. and i guess we have to set the movie in los angeles too.writer: of course.producer: this script is a load of crap. we'd better make money on this. just in case, have morgan freeman's character plug wal-mart or target or one of those stores, so at least someone will want to sell the dvds.writer: sure thing!producer: wait a second... what's this about a tiny bodega with a "ten items or less" express lane?writer: oh, i guess that is pretty weird. but we can't change the title now!i doubt my script actually bears much resemblance to reality, but then neither did "10 items or less". this is a case of good acting, but bad writing, and i hate to see it happen. when watching an independent movie, you expect it to try to convey some sort of message. i think they might have been trying for the tired old "don't let anything hold you back" message that has been done to death in much better films. in any case, with "10 items or less", the only message i got was "look! look at morgan freeman!"

i love morgan freeman. paz vega is an attractive, appealing and talented actress. i'm sure that this would have been a good movie had anything happened in it. nothing does. it's short (less than 90 minutes). it was 75 minutes too long. after an hour of frustration, i scanned through the remaining 20-odd minutes. excruciating.freeman plays an actor - who hasn't worked in a while - researching a part that he might play, as a checkout clerk in a supermarket. he visits the supermarket where she works. nothing happens. she decides to give him a ride home and they go to an arby's, a target, a car wash. nothing happens. they converse about their lives. nothing happens. ever.i don't get it. but i also don't get the bill murray flicks "lost in translation" and "broken flowers". if you like those movies, maybe you'll like this. lots of people find movies like this whimsical, charming, or - for reasons that escape me - find the dialog fascinating. a common device in movies of this ilk is to have a long take of stillness/silence after an actor delivers a line that's supposed to be meaningful. we know it's meaningful because it's followed by two minutes of nothing on the screen. sorry, i must be a philistine. i don't get it. to me, these kinds of movies aren't funny, or charming, or thought-provoking. they're just boring. why? because there's no comedy. no drama. no tension. no laughs. no suspense. no action. nothing to watch. in short, none of the things i go to the movies for. i can be bored for free. i see oddball/quirky characters in real life. i go to target, and fast-food restaurants, and car-washes. these elements do not a movie make, even if stars are doing this stuff. i pay to be entertained.if you're crazy about morgan freeman and just like to hear him ramble on about nothing, have fun. if you wanna drool over paz vega, you can look and listen to her. but nothing happens, i promise. a total snoozefest.

after i watched this movie, i came to imdb and read some of the reviews, which compared it to lost in translation lite. when i read that i immediately could see the reviewers point.this movie was a poor attempt at a similar theme. interestingly, the format of the movie is nearly identical, but the pacing is incredibly different. "10 items" rushes the viewer through the 1-day time line of the movie, whereas the better-planned "lost in..." seems to stretch out over a few long days.i'm sure some people will see this because it has morgan freeman, and will be disappointed. it seems his better roles now-a-days are supporting roles in big blockbusters, rather than leading roles in sub-$10mil limited release movies and indie films.

i had high expectations for this indie having perused the many thumbs up reviews. then....here's my additional 'two cents' to the already posted, excellent 'lost in translation' review. premise: morgan is 'stuck' in a dusty small town where he meets lovely scarlet who is working in the local supermarket. can morgan help elevate the lovely scarlet from her trailer trash life?realistic dialog? not. how about that shopping in target. first, freeman looks at the target interior as if he's walked into harrods. then, he's bowled over at a t-shirt rack confirming he has never been in any store visited by lovely scarlet. morgan is detached from any and all aspects of scarlet's reality and is portrayed as gleeful in his ignorance of everyone and everything in scarlet's life.one reviewer enjoyed the scarlet and ex-hubby fight scene where her survival, a car in this instance, requires she physically attack her ex hubbie. does freeman run to her defense....naw...he's cowering in disbelief and totally incapable of dealing with such a blunt aspect of her very real, sorry lot in life. freeman's character believes a car wash and new very revealing, tight fitting blouse is the key to scarlet's job interview. another sign that freeman is clueless. freeman's endless 'stage talk' where all aspects of scarlet's reality are reduced to one or another stage related freeman experience was irritating. freeman is right to emphasize that scarlet is young with her future ahead of her and then conveniently ignores the brick walls she faces vis a vis: uneducated, no white collar skills or experience, very poor, no family support and a lifetime of low self esteem. scarlet learns such life lessons from freeman as: some people pay $100 for a t-shirt and a revealing blouse may open doors in lieu of her lack of education and white collar job skills. in the end freeman offers scarlet little more than strange diversion with a 'star',not even paying for gas for scarlet's dead of night return to her unchanged life in a town the name of which freeman cares not to know.

strange... i like all this movie crew and dark humor movies; but didn't like this one at all! it's awful, horrible and surely not funny at all. pity cannot do a whole movie plot, disgust either. and it was really boring. long empty moments fills the movie; it could have been removed. it should have been in another shorter format, surely. maybe i expected too much from the crew - like saving the movie lol -. it's also filled with overused clichés of characters and situations... i don't get it why people liked it... "poetry", "hope"; nope 'mam, didn't see anything like that! ^^ all in all, it's empty and crude, pitiful and hopeless. oh darn this one........

while on a vacation at the beach, red-haired brothers michael mcgreevey and billy mumy (as arthur and petey loomis) find a seal. the lads christen their critter "sammy", and spend summertime frolicking with the sandy sea lion. when it's time to go home, the boys begin to suffer separation anxiety. young mr. mcgreevey decides they can't take "sammy" back to "disneyland"… er, "gatesville" - but, young mr. mumy packs him anyway. at home, they try to hide "the way-out seal" from adults, and, of course… hijacks ensue! **** sammy - the way-out seal, pt 1 (10/28/62) norman tokar ~ michael mcgreevey, bill mumy, robert culp

i don't know why this conduct was ever tolerated in the movie business! this movie (short) is gross (to say the least)! it is a bunch of 5-7 year old children wearing diapers with big bobby pins, acting like adults (and too much so!). however, it is interesting because it is a good example of how "the good old days" may not have been so good after all! (thank god we have laws against this kind of material now!){this is one short from the "shirley temple festival"}

this is a horrible little film--and unfortunately, the company that made this short made several others. the short is essentially a one-joke idea that wasn't funny to begin with and may also offend you. it certainly made me uncomfortable watching very young children (most appeared about 2 years-old) cavorting about and pretending to be adults--in this case, a dancehall girl and bar room patrons. it's the sort of humor that you might be forced to laugh at from your own kids if they pretended to be adults, but i can't see anyone wanting to see this--especially when a very young shirley temple is dressed in a rather slinky outfit and acts like a vamp!! and then, other kids act like adults in some rather adult situations. at the time, i am sure they were not trying to appeal to pedophiles, but when looking at it today, that is what immediately comes to mind! because of this, this boring film also creeped me out and i hope to never see it again!! pretty strange and pretty awful.

[i saw this movie once late on a public tv station, so i don't know if it's on video or not.]this is one of the "baby burlesks" (sic) that shirley temple did in the early 1930s. it is hard to believe that anyone would let their daughter be in this racy little film which today might just be considered this side of "kiddie porn".shirley temple stars in a cast which probably has an average age of 5. they are all in diapers, and are in a saloon which serves milk instead of alcohol. the "cash" is in the form of lollipops.shirley playing a "femme fatale" sashays up to the bar and talks to soldiers who make suggestive comments about her (!). but shirley doesn't need really their lollipops/cash because her purse is full of ones from other "men".meanwhile a little black boy does a suggestive dance on a nearby table (!).what a strange film . . . infants using racy dialogue playing adult roles in a saloon. who thought up this stuff any way?

i rented the dubbed-english version of lensman, hoping that since it came from well-known novels it would have some substance. while there were hints of substance in the movie, it mostly didn't rise above the level of kiddie cartoon. maybe the movie was a bad adaptation of the book, or it lost a lot in the dubbed version. or maybe even the source novels were lightweight. but for whatever reason, there wasn't much there.i noticed lots of details that were derivative, sloppy, poorly dramatized, or otherwise deficient. some examples: the opening scenes looked borrowed from the 2001 "star gate" scene and the star wars image of hyperspace. the robot on the harvester looked like an anthropomorphized "r2-d2".it starts out trying to borrow its comic relief style of star wars, but mercifully (since the humor doesn't work) gives up on comedy and plays it serious. in that sense, it's superior to the star wars franchise, which started with a clever sense of humor, and eventually deteriorated to jar-jar's annoying silliness.the agricultural details were apparently drawn by someone who had never seen a farm. the harvester was driving through the unharvested middle of a field, dumping silage onto unharvested crops, rather than working from one side to the other and dumping the silage onto already-harvested rows or into a truck. corn (maize) was pouring out the grain chute, but the farm lands were drawn like a wheat field.when it was time for kim's father had to face his fate, there wasn't any dramatic weight to the scene. that could have been partly the fault of the english-language voice actor, but the drawings didn't show much weight either. kim's reactions in that scene were similarly unconvincing.similarly, when a character named henderson was killed, chris showed very little reaction, even though they were apparently supposed to have been close. (henderson's death is no spoiler; his name isn't revealed until his death scene.) she seems to promptly forget him. someone's expression of sympathy shows more feeling than she does. i think the voice actor deserves most of the blame in that case; there's at least a hint of feeling in the drawings of chris.on several occasions, villains fail to accomplish their orders. a villain leader often punishes those failures with miserable deaths. i can't say whether that's lifted from star wars, or if that comes from an earlier source -- possibly the lensman books.there's a scene where a space ship crash-lands. as it plunges toward the ground, parts are break off the ship. but so many pieces are fall off that there should be nothing left of it by the time it lands.while in most cases chris seems like a competent, tough space hero, there's a scene where she shrieks like an incompetent damsel in distress. someone tough enough to get over henderson's death so quickly should at least be able to shout, "help, it's got me and i can't reach my gun!" instead of just shrieking.the character with the most personality (almost too much at times) is d.j. bill. he sounded like wolfman jack, the d.j. in american graffiti. i wonder if he's as well-voiced in the original language.two planets in the movie exploded. the explosions were unimpressive, and appeared to owe a lot of inspiration to star wars. to its credit, however, the cause of the explosion was completely unlike the death star's primary weapon. the dialog had a good, interesting explanation for the cause. many other explosions in the movie did look good, just not the planetary explosions.some of the sound effects are very cheesy, as if borrowed from a late 1970s video game. some of the images look like primitive video games, and some influence from tron is visible too. on the other hand, the sound effects are often pretty decent, although that emphasizes the cheesy-sounding parts. the art is good too, particularly when it stays away from the often cheesy-looking computer graphics.finally, there's the story. if a movie tells a good story, it can get away with a lot of production shortcomings. but the plot here was pretty lightweight. a naïve boy tries to help someone on a crippled space ship, and acquires a great power he doesn't understand. he and his band of very virtuous companions struggle against a powerful, unredeemably evil enemy. he makes friends, learns about his special power, and grows into a young man. if he is persistent and virtuous enough, he might even defeat the evil enemy. details along the way can make such a story rise above the simple outline, but there's very little more than that in this movie.in the end, it's just a kiddie cartoon. but then, since it looks like the primary intended audience is older children, maybe it doesn't need to be anything more than that.

the original lensman series of novels is a classic of the genre. it's pure adventure sf with some substance (here and there) and i've always wondered why hollywood hasn't filmed it verbatim because it's just the kind of thing they love: massive explosions, super-weapons, uber-heroics, hero gets the girl, aliens (great cgi potential), good versus evil in the purest form, etc etc. instead (and bear in mind i'm a japan-o-phile and anime lover) we get this horrendous kiddies movie that rips the guts out of the story, mixes in star-wars (ironic as the latter ripped off the books occasionally) pastiches and dumbs the whole thing down to 'thundercats' level. to see kimball kinnison, the epitome of the galactic patrol officer and second stage lensman portrayed as a small boy is pitiful (etc). i just can't understand why the makers did this because they obviously had the rights to the story and could have made far more money (far!) by telling straight. it makes no sense.

wow. watching this film today, you can't help but be appalled by the writing of this film. spencer tracy and loretta young play a couple who, in modern times, might be featured on "the jerry springer show"--as they have a sick and abusive relationship...and inexplicably, the writers appear to be endorsing it! the film begins with a hungry and homeless loretta being shown the ropes by the poor but very resourceful spencer tracy. he shows her how by conniving you can do very well with little money and takes her home to his shack to stay. it's never clear whether or not they marry--and considering it's a pre-code film, you can assume they aren't even though they are cohabiting. their relationship is very strange...and rather sick. while you can see that tracy cares about her by his actions, he is verbally abusive and a total jerk---and young comes running back for more like some sort of dog. he calls her "skinny" or "ugly" and these are, in a sick way, his way of using endearments! later, when he starts fooling around with another woman (glenda farrell), she tells her friend that if that's what he wants, it's okay with her!!! it sure smacks of a sado-masochistic relationship and you can't help but feel a bit horrified. sure, he doesn't hit her but the relationship is very abusive. to show how sick it is, when young gets pregnant, she tells him "...it's your baby and it's mine, but you don't need to worry, i'll take all the blame for it"!! yikes! doesn't this all seem a bit like looking through a peephole into a sick and dysfunctional home?! later, in a case of art imitating life, tracy proves what sort of man he is and disappears. after all, he can't be burdened with a baby--even if it's his. but, he changes his mind and decides to return home. wow...that's bit of him! and, when he returns, he's nasty and acts like if he stays, he isn't obligated to care for the kid!! and, she tells him he's "a free man...free as a bird"! wow, i was almost in tears at this tender moment...not! soon, this crazy pair are married...and, naturally, young is depressed because he seems to be staying as long as it suits him--not because of any love or sense of responsibility. so how can you salvage anything with this sort of sick characters? what would you do? well, as for the writers, they have tracy soon commit a robbery to help pay for the brat! the romantic aspects of the film are underwhelming to say the least! during the robbery, tracy behaves like a chump--doing almost nothing to take precautions not to get caught--like he was secretly hoping to get sent to prison. and, to show what sort of nice guy he is, the guy he tries to rob is one of his best friends.while there's more to the film, the bottom line is that tracy is a jerk and young is an idiot in the film. despite both being very good actors, there's absolutely no way they could make anything of this crap the writers produced. nice music, nice sets, good acting...and a script that is 100% poo. how the film is currently rated 7.4 is beyond me and i wonder how anyone can ignore the pure awfulness of the characters. a horrible misfire that somehow didn't destroy the careers of those involved.oh, and if you wonder if loretta ever gets a backbone in this film or plays a person who is the least bit strong, the answer is no! by the end, she's learned nothing and hasn't changed one whit for the better.they sure don't make films like they used to...and in this case...thank god!

the movie has a good start portraying an interesting and strong shannon lee and introduces two very simpathetic side characters through the first half. but later something happens and all the sudden shannon turns into this straight faced, second hand bad girl and the movie gets lost in it's own context. the second half lacks any kind of charisma and is full of clichés, bad acting, a horrible plot and even worse stunt coordination. not to mention the horrible actors they chose for the chechen mafia gang."game of death 2" was bad and clownified bruce, but his daughter tops it making an even bigger embarrassment of herself than the double who played bruce lee back then. i truly believe that she can do much better than this and i hope she participates in a better production next time.if you are a real hard core action fan and don't care about quality go ahead and see this movie. i was personally looking forward to it but just got terribly disappointed.

i'm not sure what hk movies the other reviewers have been watching, but enter the eagles is nowhere near the top of the heap in hk action. michael "fitz" wong should be glad he can get acting jobs in hk, because he couldn't act his way out of a wet paper bag in english. shannon lee looks good and is a fantastic fighter (even better with the leg fighting than her dad), but her acting skills are also sub-par. in fact, all the english dialog (90% of the movie--even more than in gen-y cops) is so bad that i switched to mandarin audio just to spare myself the misery of the bad dialog delivery and the redundancy of the english subs. sure, there are some decent gunfights (but nothing we haven't already seen before) and good cinematography, but the cheesy visual effects really spoil the action.that said, it's worth the price of admission to watch shannon and benny "the jet" urquidez go at it. spectacular, and almost worth watching the rest of the movie for.finally, you might notice some scenes that seem "familiar" to you, notably a shootout at an outdoor market (think matrix) and fitz diving out of a helicopter wearing black fatigues (think mi:2). guess someone thought at least a few things in this flick were worth ripping off.

one question: why? first off, the premise is not funny or engaging at all. they use taped interviews, and take the audio to animate ite with animals speaking the parts. first off, the interviews aren't funny or entertaining to begin with, and even if they were, i am sure they would be a lot more entertaining being viewed as they are originally, without being turned into cartoons. how does that add any hilarity to it? i turned on cbs's monday night sitcom line-up, (which has become a regular way for me to relax after stressful monday workdays) and found this on. of course, the sitcom line-up would be reruns anyway, being summer, but seeing those episodes over again would have been more entertaining. i tried to give "cc" a chance. i really did. when it started, i figured, well, maybe it will be funny. nope. and then it kept going. it was a long half hour.and i can almost see if there was a purpose, if the interviews were shown in their entirety, and had points to them. but no, it was just one-line clips, cut and pasted together really quick. it was like a horrible dreadful version of cartoon network's "robot chicken." i wasn't a fan of cbs' now-cancelled sitcom "the class." while that was on, it was one half-hour of the line-up i would struggle through. but if it came down to me deciding a whole season of that or three more episodes of "creatures"....let's just say i'd take the "class." considering it's been a couple hours since it aired, and i come on here to see i am the first to comment...i guess that's a good sign that nobody watched it, and that it won't last much longer. cartoon roadkill.

the british claymation series putting "witty" conversations taped from "average" people in the mouths of "cute" fanciful creatures at least had the advantage for non-british viewers of seeming droll and the kind of rarefied cultured humor you couldn't get on u.s. television. someone made the mistake of putting it on u.s. television.sort of like the sadly miscast american version of the sublime brit-com coupling which died in a month on nbc when the same basic scripts didn't "translate" from british english to american english, what seemed droll and cultured (and just a bit dull) in england, comes across in creature comforts, the american version, as simply boredom with puppets. there's no through plot-line, no characters and after one and a half episodes watched (of the three ultimately aired), no reason to suffer through more.the only positive thing to be said about the new summer series and the mercifully brief run it had is that the claymation is at least professionally done and coming as a set-up for the single worst show on the cbs schedule, the new adventures of old christine (or "how to be a horrible mother - or person - in one interminable, unfunny lesson"), kids who wanted to stay up past their bedtime happily ran to bed rather than sit through this show, and the adults could wait to tune in until 9pm when "two and a half men" (guilty pleasure) and "how i met your mother" (actual quality writing) come on.

although this film was made before dogme emerged as the predominant method of filmmaking, and before digital triumphed over -- strike that. you get the point. this 1991 masterpiece clearly anticipated those developments. corin nemec is just outstanding as the ne'er do well author and narrator. the pace is slow, but elegantly so, because the cinematography is so beautiful. record it the next time its on t.v., because i guarantee you'll never see a better nostalgia rip-off made-for- t.v. movie. direct-to-video never felt so good!

may contain spoilers!!!! so i watched this movie last night on lmn (lifetime movie network) which is not known for showing quality movies. this movie is awful! i am still amazed that i watched the entire thing, as it was terrible. could this movie contain any more stereotypes? (harping jewish mother who wants son to be a doctor, catholic family with priest sons, big big crucifixes in every room shown in the catholic family's house, mexican whores, "bad" guy who is really a softie at heart, incredibly bad country accents) gag!!!! i was at first intrigued by the fact that i had never heard of this movie and after seeing that cheryl pollack and corin nemec were in it, i decided to stay awake until 4am to watch it. anyway, the only redeeming thing about this movie is madchen amick's beauty. i suppose pollack's and nemec's acting is okay, but they have a horrid script to work with. unlike the other reviewer who commented on the lack of texan accents (the movie is supposed to take place in austin and very few people there have a twang) i think that the accents were there (in supporting characters like mary margaret's date and john) and were unnecessary. they were also very very bad. i am so very tired of hollywood "southern" accents that sound nothing like the area where the accent is supposed to be from. and since it was supposed to take place in austin and shooting movies there in 1991 would not have been expensive, i fully expected there to be familiar shots of the town: the beautiful capitol building, the ut tower lit up for a winning football game, etc. none of these things were there. also, it takes about 5-6 hours to drive to mexico from austin. at one point in the movie, michael and his posse take off for mexico to lose their virginities and are able to drive off when it is dark (during the summer and early fall it doesn't get dark in austin until 9pm or so), spend time in mexico getting drunk and having sex with mexican (is there any other kind?) whores, and then return to austin by dawn. while this is theoretically possible it is not very likely. and if anyone has started school in the hill country (usually the third week of august, but may have been in september in 1960) they know that unless they want to pass out from heat stroke they do not wear their letter jackets!!!!! in august and september in austin and the surrounding areas it is 90+ degrees. only people with no body temperature would be stupid enough to wear sweaters or letter jackets on the first day of school. all in all, a very bad made for tv movie experience.

while flipping through the channels on a late saturday night, my friends and i stumbled across this film. first of all, irish actor pierce brosnan as a native american? seriously?! his accent was breaking through so much, although his character was apparently scottish. next, i was stunned to find that this film was made after he had already played james bond/agent 007 at least twice. this movie plays up the stereotypes, with the inspiring professor figure. the girl who played pony should be paid to keep her mouth shut. and, this film won an award? i cannot believe it. brosnan is an attractive man, but we seriously wanted to gauge our eyes out after watching this for just 10 seconds. we switched from "kicking and screaming" to this, and we wanted to switch back. we watched the 1995 children's classic "the indian in the cupboard" earlier in the night, which also discussed the iroquois. the following line represents our desire to run away: "take me outside, earth grasper." from "grey owl": "if you don't like it, you don't have to watch."

!!!!! possible spoiler !!!!!you`d think a story involving archie grey owl - an englishman posing as a red indian - would have a massive amount of humour involved . in fact i`d say the only way to treat a film like this where a remarkable man cons the gullible public is to treat it as a comedy . however richard attenborough commits something akin to a crime by making grey owl a serious drama . worse , he`s made an extremely dire film too . pierce brosnan lacks the charisma needed for the title role and the romantic subplot between grey owl and pony ( played by the equally wooden annie gaupeau ) lacks any type of on screen chemistry . but to be fair to the cast their not helped with the script which fails to portray archie as the cheeky chappy he is of fooling everyone into believing he`s a native american . the producers and screenwriter have made the major error of having the film centre around the plot twist of archie being an englishman - that`s why i wrote " possible spoiler " it`s not actually revealed untill late in the film that the title character is english , but it`s obvious that everyone who viewed this movie knew that beforehand hence there`s absolutely no surprise involved.yes i do agree with everyone that the scenery is lovely and that it has a deep ecological message which isn`t actually a new concept . theodore roosevelt was the first important environmentalist of the 20th century if truth be told . and it should also be remembered that with the exception of soylent green ( and possibly the two towers if you want to class it as having a green message ) that there hasn`t actually been a great ecological film . in fact most environmentally concious films suck and that includes grey owl , a film that unsurprisingly had a serious problem in finding a distributor

it's a good movie if you plan to watch lots of landscapes and animals, like an animal documentary. and making pierce brosnan an indian make you wonder 'does all those people don't recognize if someone isn't indian at plain sight?'

i have rarely been subjected to such outright nonsense in a film that is supposed to be based on a historical figure. a horrible joke of a film, i cringed throughout. terrible, trite, distorted and riddled with outright lies and half truths.the famous hitler biographer ian kershaw was to originally be a consultant for this film. however, he found the script to be so historically inaccurate and ridiculous that he refused, and also demanded they stop using his name as a source (it embarrassed him to think people would think he was involved).one scene shows hitler beating his dog. there is not one source for this. hitler loved animals above people. he brought in the strictest animal welfare laws in europe, banned vivisection and animal experimentation. he was also a vegetarian.the film turns his gaining of the iron cross into a farce, involving bribery. utter lies. he was awarded it for repeated acts of bravery over a long period of time.there are no historical documents showing that hitler ever had a sexual relationship with his niece. not one.apart from these, hitler is portrayed as a rabid simpleton in this garbage flick.if he was even half as ignorant, demented and thick as he is in this nonsense film as in real life you would not even know he had ever existed. never mind become the leader of germany.honestly, this film was utterly terrible.go watch downfall and give this a very wide berth.

simply put, this is a simplistic and one dimensional film. the title, the rise to evil, should tell you that this isn't going to attempt to be anything deep or do much with hitler's character. rather, from the first minutes of the movie where we see baby hitler looking evil with evil music playing the background, we are given a view of hitler that presents his as a cartoony supervillian, seemingly ripped right out of a saturday morning tv show. the film really wants to make its case that hitler was evil but does anyone need a movie to convince them that hitler was evil? ultimately, making him such a one-dimensionally evil character is both boring and confusing (one must ask how the inept, phsycotic character in the film cold ever persuade a nation to follow him or be named time's man of the year). this film had a great opportunity to take a figure who has committed some of the most horrible acts in the 20th century, and try to delve into his mind. instead, it basically just says, "hey! hitler was evil! just thought you might like to know..." over and over again. the great irony is that the film still was attacked for presenting too sympathetic a view of the character. give me a break.

i watched this film few times and all i can say that this is low budget rubbish and that it does not have anything to do with a real history facts. actors performances is very poor but it is result of limited acting possibilities. anyone who watched this film now probably think of hitler as some crazy skinny lunatic who running with a gun like some chicago gangster. i can only to say that there is much better films about hitler and germany in those years and that rise of evil is very much under average. i can recommend german film downfall in which you can see brilliant performance of switzerland actor bruno ganz in a roll of adolf hitler.

the back cover of the dvd (missed this one when it came out) hails hitler -the rise of evil as "a triumph" (the new york post) and "mesmerizing" (newsweek).well,never mind the post but really, who ever wrote that word in newsweek in the same context with this peace of, ahem, art should be sacked.i don't no where to start with. why try to paint the picture of hitler's evil with colors that did not exist? he was evil alright, but now his character is portrayed in way that is often historically inaccurate (compared to his love of animals, the gentle and subdued way he treated women) and so on.the actors are good, so you must feel sorry for them as they are imprisoned inside their one-dimensional characters. some kind of curse here with peter o' toole: this is the second time in his honorable career when he has ended up playing an old and failed leader in a failed movie (or in this case tv-production, to be accurate). the first one was of course the legendary galigula.the list of historically inaccurate scenes alone would fill the 1000 words allowed by imdb, so i think i'll leave it here.this one is ok if it's on telly and you don't have anything else to do, but believe me - it's best left on the shelf in your local virgin store.

this is by far one of the most boring and horribly acted accounts of the early days of adolf hitler that i have ever watched. robert carlyle is a wonderful actor, but to cast him as hitler is just plain wrong. to cast liev schrieber as hitler's longtime friend and aid, haefengstal must have emitted cries of despair and anguish from the simon wiesenthal centre. a j-w playing a nazi supporter, bad bad bad casting. this was not an enjoyable family film with a good historical background. this was hollywood rubbish at its finest, cashing in on the strength of a strong (but sorely under utilized) supporting cast of actors whom seemed to have all but disappeared from the acting radar in the past 5 years.the fake german accents (vee vill vin zis var) is insulting to german people everywhere. my mother is german and she sat fuming at the sound of the voices which kept switching from american/english/german all in the same sentence. the supporting cast make better cardboard cutouts at the local video store than they do on screen. jenna malone as the fated geli raubal, was splendid though, she captured the innocence and confusion of this tragic young woman who ultimately ended her own life to escape what her future would have been like in hitler's shadow.if you would like a tremendously fantastic and historically accurate account of hitler's early years leading up to and including the war/holocaust, rent "inside the third reich" 1983 starring rutger hauer as albert speer and derek jacobi as hitler. it was good and made more sense then this baloney.as a historical researcher of the third reich i can honestly tell you, this had me reaching for my books to confirm its myriad of inaccuracies.

if another hitler ever arises, it will be thanks in part to nonsense like this film, which propagates the absurd notion that he was a visibly deranged lunatic from the start. far from following such a person and electing him to the highest office in the land, sane people would cross the street to avoid him, and he would have died in a ditch, nameless and unknown.anyone who reads the accounts of hitler's close companions - the autobiography of his secretary traudl junge for instance - will be struck by the fact that people found him a kindly, intelligent, generous man. he was also a brilliant orator, and the fact that his speeches seem overblown and ranting to modern ears ignores the times in which they were made, when strutting pomposity was common in political speeches. ditto the overstated anti-semitism, which was neither a central plank of the early nazis - who were primarily anti-communist - nor uncommon or unusual for the times. the film makes it look as though hitler's sole ambition from the start was the holocaust.if you want to identify the next person who will cause the death of tens of millions, you can ignore fleck-lipped ravers life the one portrayed here. look instead for a charming, charismatic man whose compelling speeches inspire the entire nation, and whose political work visibly and materially benefits the country. i'm afraid his personality will be much more like barack obama's than fred phelps'.i hoped for much here, and got nothing but caricature. the fools who made this thing perpetrated a crime against reality. this is the historical equivalent of 'reefer madness'.

i saw that movie, and i was shocked! robert carlyle isn't hitler he is a man who sadly tries to be hitler. the movie lies, it doesn't reflect the truth. in the scene were hitler hit the guy with his gun. hitler never had hit anybody, he wouldn't hit people with his fist, but with the fists of soldiers. understand?? another thing is: it is too obvious, that hitler is that evil, he was more clever, than shown in this movie. no german would have accepted him as the leader, because the can see that he is evil. so the real hitler haven't shown his evil side to the people.have any of you yankees watched the movie "der untergang" or "the dawnfall"? this is a great movie, with amazing actors. and its a german movie. i think, this theme of nazi-germany, should not be realized as a movie by people who don't know anything of germany. people! watch "der untergang": http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0363163/its a great movie about a very sad period of time for human beings around the world.

this could well be the worst film i've ever seen. despite what mikshelt claims, this movie isn't even close to being historically accurate. it starts badly and then it's all downhill from there. we have hitler's father cursing his own bad luck on the "fact" that he'd married his niece! they were in fact, second cousins. hitler's mother, klara, called his father, alois, "uncle" because alois had been adopted and raised by klara's grandfather and brought up as his son, when he was really his nephew. alois was much older than klara and so as a child she'd got into the habit of calling alois, "uncle."the scene in the trenches where hitler is mocked by his fellow soldiers and decides to take it out on his dog is simply a disgrace and an insult to the intelligence of all viewers. we see hitler chase the dog through the trench, when he catches up with the poor thing he proceeds to thrash it for disobeying him. in the distance we see and hear his fellow soldiers continue to mock and chastise the cowardly little man, but then a shell lands directly on his persecutors, and every last one, we are told, is killed outright. how then, if hitler was the only person to survive the scene, did this tale of brutality and cowardice come to be told? did hitler himself go around "boasting" about it? - i don't think so.next up, hitler bullies and intimidates a poor, stressed out and war weary jewish officer into giving him an iron cross! i can only assume that this jewish officer had been a pawnbroker before fighting for the fatherland, and had thoughtfully brought along some pledged medals from his shop, because i'm certain that iron crosses were not being handed out as shown in this comic farce.all the grotesque clichés are here, not least the calming and hypnotic effect of wagner's music upon the little man. if only the producers had kept ian kershaw on side. then they might have discovered that franz lehar's "merry widow" was more likely to float the fuhrer's boat than any "flying dutchman" from the cannon of richard wagner!hitler may have been responsible for the deaths of 60 million people but how can he ever be forgiven for his appalling taste in music?i could go on but i'd be at it for hours.give it a miss.

just imagine the real hitler, who was a master of propaganda and speech, would have been such a mumbling moron as carlyle portrayed him in this film.nobody would have followed him, not even a desperate, unemployed guy in the 1920s.this is just a hollywood cardboard piece of propaganda itself, disguised as "true history".i pity everyone who actually believed anything from this show. carlyle and the producers didn't get anything right with this.why was hitler able to win so many people, a whole county for his ideas if we was such a sausage? why did people follow him to death? by portraying him as such a loser they make their own film totally unbelievable. this film is a mixture of old ww2 propaganda and mtv urban myths about one of the most important persons of the last century. imagine a film about churchill where the director only shows him as a drunkard for 90 mins. this film is a disgrace and i wonder how they could talk an actor like carlyle into this dreck.

i watched this hoping to find out something i didn`t know about modern history`s most infamous man and couldn`t help thinking that history has been rewritten in hitler:the rise of evil . hitler was so obsessed with his niece that he threatened to have one of her admirer`s shot . hitler turned up with a gun in his hand to arrest ernst rohm . forgive me for asking but haven`t the writers confused adolph hitler with tony montana from scarface ? that`s bad enough but what really offended me was that there`s entire chunks of historical context missing in this mini series . germany lost the first world war and the allied powers made germany pay a heavy price for doing so. it was this economic environment that led the german people to have someone - anyone - to restore their pride and that`s why they turned to nazism . the german humiliation of the 1920s caused by the allied powers seems to be entirely missing therefore there is no way that hitler:the rise of evil can be taken seriously as a historical document, and i haven`t even mentioned that himmler and goering are conspicous by their absence there is one positive point about the mini series and that`s robert carlyle in the title role . okay some of his mannerisms are wrong and his voice is a little too loud ( archive recordings show that hitler had a soft seductive voice ) but carlyle is a charismatic actor and he does manage to communicate hitler`s own charisma on screen . comments in the british press that carlyle resembles the synth player from sparks more than adolph hitler are unfounded and he gives one of the better interpretations of hitler.i liked the performance by robert carlyle but i hated everything else about this mini series and wondered why on earth it was made in the first place . there`s nothing to recommend it to serious history fans

well first off i'd like to add that i myself is somewhat of a historian so what i look for in a film that is based upon historical events is that it is actually based upon historical facts. but this is however not the case here. sure the movie is entertaining and all but the fact that it isn't entirely based upon true facts is more than annoying. hitler wasn't anti-semitic in his youth, he even worked for jews before world war one. it was however during world war one and after that he formed his views about the jews. his upbringing in this movie is also inaccurate, hitler as a child wasn't a disturbed little brat. he had a more or less normal upbringing. nothing is mentioned about his lost brothers and other important pieces that adds to the puzzle that is hitler.robert carlyle is a great actor but he doesn't really fit in the role as hitler. hitler wasn't as impossible and unstable as he is portrait-ed here. under his younger years he was a charismatic person whom "manipulated" people through his charms. his unstable behavior and rage outbursts started in the turning point of the war.i'd like to see a film about hitler's life that is based upon real historical facts and not accusations. i really hate when people point a blaming finger at for example hitler and others and tell inaccurate stories just to paint a picture of them as pure evil. it is much better to actually tell the story exactly as it was so that everyone can learn what it was like! the ones behind this movie should have made some research before making this. because it seems as if they didn't even know what really happened. hitler wasn't even shot in the revolutionary march in munch, his shoulder was ripped out of its socket.it gives you more to see a good documentary than seeing this.

as usual, i was really looking forward to a new tv/film on a favourite subject of mine - makes a nice change from a *strangely familiar* documentary about kursk or stalingrad on the history channel.i avidly looked forward to pearl harbour and enemy at the gates - but was rudely brought down to earth with the realisation of the malevolent, stupid-ifying power of hollywood - and its ability to spend an absolute fortune on tripe.so yet again i got excited about 'the rise of evil', especially as i heard that ian kershaw was involved, as i've enjoyed his books. i can see why he quit.to quote some guy responsible for this rubbish:"the kershaw book was an academic piece," he said. "it wasquite dry. we needed more incidents." incidents? are they totally nuts? hitler's life cannot be said to be without 'incident' - yes kershaw's two volume hitler biographies were long and detailed, but they were supposed to be.the thesis behind 'rise of evil' seems to be:hitler was a very bad man - no he was a very bad man, who hated jews, and just in case you miss this, we're going to emphasise the fact in every scene in the film.there was no effort whatsoever to try and explain the mood of the time, and why hitler may have adopted the views and strategy he did. needless to say - unlike the generally excellent 'nazis - a warning from history' - this film neglected to point out the fact that nearly all of the leaders of the munich communist rising were jewish, and that this may have coloured his views on the subject - and his axiomatic linking of the jews with bolshevism - an absolutely crucial aspect to understanding much of the nazi era.but there was not much understanding to be done - the film-makers weren't going to go there, so we just got all the stuff we knew about anyway. we certainly don't get the fascinating fact that kershaw alludes to, which has hitler briefly being a socialist/communist immediately after ww1. that would of course be far too complex for the film to handle, and might even detract from the relentless 'he was very bad' mantra which bangs away incessantly.we know he was a bad man. however, we also know that he was a mesmerising figure both as a public speaker and in more private situations. he could be polite and even sympathetic, and of course espoused some views like vegetarianism, anti-alcohol and anti-smoking that many guardian readers could agree with. he was also famously fond of animals, hence why that wholly invented dog-flogging scene was so absurd.he was also, from all the accounts i've seen, a brave soldier in ww1. whilst we saw him with his iron cross, we never get to see how he won it (acts of bravery were not in the script, needless to say). we also get no insight whatsoever into why he was so fired up by his war experiences, whilst sassoon, owen, brook, remarque and so many others found it so repellent an experience. and again, like the point above re the jewish/bolshevik link, this is vital to anyone's understanding about the subject. why did he love war so much? why did he think it was always a good idea, despite massive evidence to the contrary? why didn't he care about his colleagues who died? or maybe he did - but still drew the wrong conclusions.this film certainly didn't have anything of any interest to say on this either.as all too often these days, the film is a classic example of 'making history relevant to the present' and inventing stuff or leaving awkward facts out to fit in with 'the present' - which all too often is to cater to the lowest common denominator, where you don't trust your audience an inch, so you just ram stuff down their throats, knowing (sadly correctly) that you'll always get away with it because there are so many dumb fools in the world.history is really about making us relevant to the past and seeing how it colours our present, for better and for worse. this rubbish was a great opportunity, lost again. they spent millions on it, and the locations and large scenes were impressive, but told us nothing at all we didn't know already, and promoted no understanding of this dark period in human history.wt

no wonder that the historian ian kershaw, author of the groundbreaking hitler biography, who originally was the scientific consultant for this tv film, dissociated himself from it. the film is historically just too incorrect. the mistakes start right away when hitler`s father alois dies at home, while in reality he died in a pub. in the film, hitler moves from vienna to munich in 1914, while in reality he actually moved to munich in 1913. i could go on endlessly. hitler`s childhood and youth are portrayed way too short, which makes it quite difficult for historically uninformed people to understand the character of this frustrated neurotic man. important persons of the early time of the party, like hitler`s fatherly friend dietrich eckart or the party "philosopher" alfred rosenberg are totally missing. the characterization of ernst hanfstaengl is very problematic. in the film he is portrayed as a noble character who almost despises hitler. the script obviously follows hanfstaengl`s own gloss over view of himself which he gave in his biography after the war. in fact, hanfstaengl was an anti-semite and was crazy about his "fuehrer". but the biggest problem of the film is the portrayal of hitler himself. he is characterized as someone who is constantly unfriendly,has neither charisma nor charm and constantly orders everybody around. after watching the film, one wonders, how such a disgusting person ever was able to get any followers. since we all know, what an evil criminal hitler was, naturally every scriptwriter is tempted to portray hitler as totally disgusting and uncharismatic. but facts is, that in private he could be quite charming and entertaining. his comrades didn`t follow him because he constantly yelled at them, but because they liked this strange man. beyond all those historical mistakes, the film is well made, the actors are first class, the location shots and the production design give a believable impression of the era.

wonderful cast wasted on worthless script. ten or so adults reunite at the summer camp they attended as juveniles. could this ever happen in a million years? it's simply a fantasy, and a boring one at that. do they become teenagers again? do they reenact their pranks, games, good times? they may try but ultimately the answer is: no. is there any intrigue? any suspense? horror? comedy? none of the above. how anyone can be entertained by this drivel is beyond me. i wanted to like this movie; i tried to like this movie, but my brain refused.

like watching a neighbor's summer camp home movies, "indian summer" is a sleep inducing bore. eight alumni campers are barely introduced, when unbelievably boring flashbacks begin for characters we know nothing about. fine actors, alan arkin, and bill paxton are totally wasted in this film. one camper's observation that "everything seems so much smaller than i remember it" is repeated at least ten times, enough to make you squirm. the anticipated pranks are neither funny or original, unless you think that short sheeting is a real "howler". this movie was a great disappointment considering the ample talent involved. "indian summer" did not make me homesick, just sick. - merk

i was looking over our dvd tower last night for something to watch. we were between netflix mailings and it was a quiet saturday night. i pulled one out that i never heard of before and realized it was borrowed from a friend. from the jacket, it sounded like a rip-off of "the big chill" but, with the all-star cast, felt it might be worth watching. boy was i wrong!!! not only was it like "the big chill," it was a rip-off almost character by character. the bill paxton character was a copy of william hurt ("where have you been all this time" role) -spoiler warning- and, lo and behold, he remains behind to take care of the old place(cabin/camp). kimberly williams = meg tilly; jerk womanizer matt craven = jeff goldblum etc., etc. i found myself wondering why i'm even watching these people. there was insufficient character development for me to find any interest in them. how did "unca lou" even find these characters after 20 years? plus it wasn't even funny, except when perkins fell, err 'flopped' out of bed the first morning, it was a sign and i missed it. after it was over, i asked my wife, "were there any endearing characters in this film? ... are you sleeping over there?" she replied, "no, i'm still thinking...no, none i can think of."

this kind of film has become old hat by now, hasn't it? the whole thing is syrupy nostalgia turned in upon itself in some kind of feedback loop.it sure sounds like a good idea: a great ensemble cast, some good gags, and some human drama about what could have/might have been. unfortunately, there is no central event that binds them all together, like there was in "the big chill", one of those seminal movies that spawned copycat films like this one. you end up wanting to see more of one or two particular people instead of getting short takes on everyone. the superficiality this creates is not just annoying, it's maddening. the below-average script doesn't help.

i am completely appalled to see that the average rating for this movie is 5.2/10 for what affects me, it is definitely one of the worst movies i have ever seen and i still keep wondering why i watched it until the end. first of all, the plot is totally hopeless, and the acting truly awful. i think that any totally unknown actress would have been better for the role than susan lucci; concerning mr. kamar del's reyes, i think it would have been a better choice for him to remain in his "valley of the dolls". to sum up, it is total waste of time(and i'm trying to stay polite...) to avoid at any cost. my rating is 1 and i still think it is well paid, but since we cannot give a o....

a thematic staple of cinema since its inception is that genre involving seductive women whose wiles and means entice susceptible men not only into their arms but also into dire circumstances that typically will only result in jeopardy for the male victims, along with incertitude as to whether or not temptresses will be forced to take their medicine, and here susan lucci performs as a siren, although her acting chops from a primarily soap opera pedigree are inadequate to make her performance a credible one. isabelle (lucci), inconstant wife of venture capitalist stewart collins (john o'hurley), begins a love affair merely for fun with yacht salesman richard davis (philip casnoff), simply a bagatelle for her but an earnest matter of the heart for richard, apparently mesmerized by his lover while she takes advantage of his ardour by engaging him in a risky plot that will graduate into a scheme of murderous intent. when davis becomes convinced that guileful isabelle is a victim of physical abuse administered by her husband, he desperately attempts to free her from what he feels is a marital trap in order that he may wed her himself, coming to believe that the only clear solution to his plight will be found in a rudimentary essay at hiring a professional assassin who will dispose of the allegedly violent stewart. in the wake of the hit-man's assault upon collins, a pair of police detectives, performed by joe grifasi and dean mcdermott, become increasingly curious concerning isabelle's possible involvement in the crime, while at the same time reality dawns upon enraptured richard who might have to pay a dear price in return for his inamorata's maneuvering. lucci and kasnoff are properly cast as a viable pair of conspirators, each giving a reading that makes for a boring rather than charming set of lovebirds, but o'hurley and mcdermott offer strong turns in a film that suffers from a hackneyed scenario as well as uninventive direction and design elements. released upon a fremantle dvd, this largely lustreless affair depicting a man 'neath the spell of a seductress does benefit from top-flight visual and sound quality, and although no extra features are provided, the above-average production quality enhances able efforts from cinematographer robert primes and composer stephen edwards.

**spoilers** a bit ridicules made for tv movie has sexy and middle age gold-digger isabelle collins, susan tucci,doing a number on every man she comes in contact with in the movie. first winning over their hearts then their wallets and then, when their no longer any use to her, thrown in the wastepaper basket like a used up kleenex tissue.isabelle's first victim is non other then her abusive, on keeping isabelle from raiding his bank account, husband stewart, john o'hurley. it's later in the movie when isabelle gets very friendly with former plumber and now yacht salesman richard davis, philip casnoff, that she, without really telling him, has the totally love-sick richard get a contract out on her unsuspecting husbands life. getting this ex-convict, in fact as soon as he's released from prison, daggett, nicholas campbell, to do the job on stewart richard soon finds out that he didn't get exactly what he paid, $15,000.00 in cash,for.getting a little too greedy daggett not only blew stewart's brains out but took a solid gold watch, that stewart offered him in order to spear his life, as well. the watch was easily traced to daggett as he tried to pawn it at a local jewelry shop where he was quickly arrested. with doggett spilling his guts out on who hired him to whack stewart it doesn't take long for the long arm of the law to arrest stewart's, by hiring doggett, killer isabelle's husband to be ex-plumber and yacht salesman richard davis! davis' arrest by the police happens just as he and isabelle took the vows of matrimony in a local church!isabelle manipulates everyone, exclusively men that fall head over heels for her, to her advantage by getting them to do her dirty work. always playing the part of the naive housewife or widow or lover or even client isabelle seems to live a charmed life always one step ahead of the law and police. no matter what she does isabelle covers her pretty behind so well that it's almost impossible to pin her down on any, in having others do them, of the many crimes that she commits, through a second party, in the film.after screwing, figuratively as well as literally, her first husband steven her second husband, for less then ten seconds, richard and finally her, or richard's, attorney gavin kendrick, kamar de los rey, isabelle knows that it's only a matter of time before the police get wise to her. with the d.a getting both richard and kendrick to turn evidence against her isabelle now knowing that everything is fast closing in on her makes her final move. getting everything in order, by transferring all her cash overseas, isabelle and her 10 year-old daughter ruby, lauren collins, shoot down to the passport office in order to get clearance, passports, to get out of the country.it's then when the cagey and clever isabelle makes her first and possibly last and fatal mistake in the movie. isabelle is told by the passport clerk, don carrier, she'll have to wait a full 48 hours for her, and ruby's, passport to clear! just enough time for the police to find and arrest her! outlandish ending that goes against almost everything and every ethic that's in a film noir or crime movie. an ending that will not only blow your mind but your concept of what's right and wrong in the world!

most of the episodes on season 1 are awful..there is no comparison to twilight zone or outer limits, as they programs actually had decent story lines. most of amazing stories are well dull..not amazing in the least..go rent or buy the twilight zone series...i have heard season 2 of this series is much better..also for some reason on the dvd's they cut out the ray walston parts which further diminishes this compilation. the one cool thing is to see actors and actresses when they were younger in 1985...most of the story lines are very predictable though and the series could of been better with twists and turns that left you wondering...

i gave this two stars for the awesome dv shot clarity, which lends to the cold and dark sterility of its character. that was being generous, i know.this film fails on all accounts. i can not recommend this, for it is neither poetic, nor blunt. neither dramatic, nor suspenseful. neither controversial, nor ordinary. it is just a wretched piece of trash that no horror or exploit fan can recommend in good faith.do not watch this, whoever you are. . .please, just stay away from this awful product.thank you.

if i could give it less that 1 i would. do not bother to rent; if someone gives you the dvd burn it.this is horrible movie making. a total waste of even digital "film". i have seen better on youtube made by 12 year old boys. lommel claims to have written this, if that is the case he is a classic case of someone who is illiterate in two languages. the story line is none existent, the dialog is mainly screaming, the camera work is some sort of attempted arty flairs with nonsensical cutting of totally unrelated jumps to either industrial transportation scenes or some sort of odd angry young woman rift.i can usually follow a less than obvious plot or see the purpose in a "creative" film - i like david lynch.this one is either so far beyond my limited powers of comprehension i missed it or it is totally pointless. i think this is a "lets see if we can grab a title that will be coming out soon and do a weird rift on it and see if we can grab some of the bucks" con job.i cannot see why lionsgate even bothered with this. totally worthless, it is so bad i will not rent any other by this same director.

really, really bad. how does a film this bad get made? i kept waiting for some redeeming plot point, interesting camera work, or at least some gratuitous nudity but i got nothing. i had just watched cabin fever and i thought it was an train wreck (except for the nudity and pancakes) but it looks like genius compared to this dreck. the best script doctor in the world couldn't have saved this putrid pile of of stinking poo.the only thing going for this "film" is that it ended.i've got a headache just thinking about this movie and trying to write something. ugh! i'm glad i only paid $5 for it and it will soon end up in a landfill.

following a car accident, a mad scientist(jason evers) keeps the head of his fiancee(virgina leith)alive. he then goes on the prowl looking for the perfect body to make her whole again. pretty lame all the way around, nothing redeeming here. also in the cast are: leslie daniels, bonnie sharie and bruce brighton. someone should have helped put this one out of its misery. let it die.

this movie tells the tender tale of a demented scientist who, after his fiance is decapitated, goes around ogling strippers so that he can find a suitable body to attach her noggin to. everyone in this movie exudes more slime than a snail, particularly our protagonist.

**possible spoilers ahead**	jason (a.k.a. herb) evers is a brilliant brain surgeon who, along with wife virginia leith, is involved in the most lackluster onscreen car crash ever. leith is decapitated and the doctor takes her severed noggin back to his mansion and rejuvenates the head in his lab. the mansion's exterior was allegedly filmed at tarrytown's lyndhurst estate; the lab scenes were apparently shot in somebody's basement. the bandaged head is kept alive on "lab equipment" that's almost cheap-looking enough for ed wood. some of the library music–the movie's high point–later turned up in andy milligan's the body beneath. leith's head has some heavy metaphysical discourses with another of ever's misfires, a mutant chained in the closet. meanwhile, the good doc prowls strip joints looking for a body worthy of his wife's gabby noodle. the ending, in uncut prints, features some ahead-of-its-time splatter and dismemberment when the zucchini-headed monster comes out of the closet to bring the movie to a welcome close. this thing took three years to be released and then, audiences gave it the bad reception it richly deserved. between this, plan 9 from outer space and a few others, 1959 should have been declared the year of the turkey.

a doctor who is trying to complete the medical dream of transplantation is experimenting secretly on corpses from the hospital with varying success. his final best chance comes when he lovingly wraps his girlfriend's head in his jacket as he rescues it from a burning vehicle.i was looking for cheese and with this premise i believed i found it. it has everything everything that bad movie hunters look for - chest and brain surgery with the surgeons leaving with pristine white scrubs, unique camera angles (i always love watching the rear passenger wheels of cars), cheesy clarinet stripper music, and one of the longest death scenes in movie history. but unfortunately these so-bad-they-are-good moments can't overcome the too-bad-they-stink stretches.jan in the pan annoyed me, with her droning monologues in a hoarse whisper, the somewhat less than evil laughter, and the fact she was kept alive with some columbian home brew coffee and 2 dd batteries.i couldn't even entertain myself with dr bill's horrid overacting and moral self righteousness. usually such ham makes these movies a must see in my opinion, in this case i was bored with it.the best part of the movie in my opinion was the 1960's version of "body shopping" and i even found myself nodding off during that.don't spend money on this one - there are better bad movies out there to entertain your sick sense of humor.

another movie that relies upon the trite, worn-out cliché of the mad scientist gone madder. the movie centers around a surgeon whose life's ambition is to bring the dead...back to life. i know, i know...you've never heard that one before! of course, as all of these movies go, the experiment goes very, very wrong and creates a maniacal, bloodthirsty creature. for this promising setup, you'd think that it'd be at least a bit suspenseful. wrong. like many movies of this era, the idea is nice, but the execution and the script is mediocre. not the worst horror movie i've seen (no, abominator: the evilmaker 2 still takes the cake)...but not one of the gems, either.

a demented scientist girlfriend is decapitated so he brings her head back to life. honest this is the plot of the movie. he try's to get her another body he searches through the sleaze area of town for that perfect body. for some reason he has ugly looking monster in a closet at his cabin. the sleaze style of the movie is laughable. no one in the movie can actually act including the head. the closet monster is a man with a mask tie on and you can really tell. the plot is slow, weak and the ending is so badly done. watch the mystery science theater 3000 version of this move. believe me folks i wouldn't watch this movie on its own.

neat premise. very unrealistic. what i learned from this movie is that speeding crazily out of control to go to the weekend cabin may not be the best idea after all. i loved how bill conveniently rolls out of the car and down the hill with no injury at all! unfortunately, the same can't be said for his gal. oh, and the police never seemed to find the car or trace the owner of the wreck.lots of dragged out scenes including a plain stripper (still have nightmares from that scene). poor assistant guy and his crummy useless hand. i admit i was intrigued to see what the mysterious "thing" was behind the door, but when it appeared, i just laughed. ha ha ha!! the girl really seemed sadistically angry about being revived. personally, i really would want a new body after an excruciating experience like that!

it was supposed to be the last freddy movie (and it was for over 10 years)--you would think they would have tried to get a good movie done. but they turned out giving us the worst of the series (and that's saying a lot). the plot made no sense (i seriously can't remember it), all the main characters were idiots (you really wanted them dead) and freddy's wisecracks were even worse than usual. the only remotely good bit about this was a brief (and funny) cameo by johnny depp (the first "nightmare" movie was his first).also i originally saw it in a theatre were the last section (reaccounting freddy's childhood) was in 3-d. well--the 3-d was lousy--faded colors and the image going in and out of focus. also the three flying skulls which were supposed to be scary (i think) had the opposite reaction from my audience. everybody broke down laughing. looks even worse on tv in 2-d. pointless and stupid--very dull also. skip this one and see "freddy vs. jason" again.

this is going to be the most useless comment i have ever put down, but yet i must do it to warn you about the atrocity to cinema that "freddy's dead" is. it is not only the very worst chapter of the nightmare series, but is right up there with the worst horror sequel of all time! it was boring, pointless, and nearly death free. the horrible 3-d ending and over-the-top corny kills are enough to drive this "film" into the ground. however, it doesn't stop there, just add bad acting, a terrible script, and a number of cheesy cameos and you've got yourself this heaping pile of guano! it's no wonder why freddy, as always played by robert englund, has made two postmortem appearances. i would too if i went out like that. this is a strictly fans only movie, don't stare at our shame.

this movie is easily the worst of the series. though new line might just be looking at sales, they all know the only reason this one made more money than the one prior was due to its 3d ending. it wasn't that the 3-d was good either, because it was 50's 3d with the red and blue lenses(anaglyph.) it was just the fact that people wanted to see what it would look like. beyond that this movie was so poorly done! bad script, bad characters, bad acting, worse directing. this movie is trying to push the camp factor almost to the point of being like a "looney tunes" episode.seriously, not for horror audience, because it is corny and not scary, and not funny or amusing for comedy crowds. just a total mess with some really bad cameos that are still trying to play this whole thing as camp and having it fall way short of what they probably wanted.i remember most of us who had been fans of this series were just praying that it would end at this point because of how bad it had gotten. this is one of the movies that helped take horror out of popularity and ride a fad of belief that audiences really wanted to laugh with some stupid comedy than see a good and scary horror film.

my wife and i started to watch this movie with anticipation. it looked warm and touching. it started out well; but, soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while. it got so bad that we turned it off the movie was poorly acted and honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! you lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. i would have had her committed. and, of course, like most movies and t.v series made in hollywood we have to throw it a token "gay" character! this movie was boring. i was expecting more from diane keaton!

michael callan plays a smarmy photographer who seems, nonetheless, to be regarded as a perfect "catch" by any woman that runs across him; could this have anything to do with the fact that he also co-produced the film? he's a "hero" whom it's very difficult to empathize with, so the movie is in trouble right from the start. however, it's troubles don't end there. it has the production values of a tv-movie (check out that head made of clay or something, near the end), and the ending cheats in a way that i can't reveal, in case anyone wants to see the movie (highly unlikely). let's just say that the killer knows more than we were let to know he knows. (*1/2)

a cast of 1980's tv movie and tv series guest stars (misty rowe, pamela hemsley,clevon little, seymour cassel among several others)in the story of a photographer who has dreams about killing his models. of course the models and other people start turning up dead causing all sorts of complications.over done not very good thriller has enough nudity and violence to get an r rating but not enough good material to engender any real interest. this is best described as the sort of movie that gave the cable channel cinemax the alternate name of skinamax. i really can't see the point of watching this unless you need to see every sleazy thriller out there. (i also have to comment that this film is filled with smoking, to the point that it becomes laughable when anyone lights up)

when i look back on my college days at ohio university, there will always be one event in which i will remember with fond memories. channel 23 is ou's local access channel and until the last few years, pretty much played anything they were sent. this included many diy movies ranging from a guy microwaving marshmallow peeps and then scanning pictures of them online, to a version of macbeth starring 8th graders who had apparently just learned how to make squibs.however, the king, in my opinion, of the channel 23 lineup was midnight skater. the first time i watched it was around 2am. i should have been studying. or sleeping. or watching regular tv. but no, all that is for pussies. my roommate and i watched midnight skater, and when it was complete, i don't think either of us believed that any of the movie had just happened. but sure enough, it was on a few nights later, and we had to come to grips that this movie did, in fact, exist.i could go on and on about how awful it is, but its the sort of awful that makes life worth living. the plot is disjointed, the acting terrible, the everything soul scarring, but by god, if there are others watching with you, its impossible not to have a good time watching it. its sort of like the first time you hear "guts" by chuck pahalniuk. you hear it, you're disgusted and shaken, but five minutes later, all you want and desire is to make someone else experience the abject horror you just endured.long story short, midnight skater, for all of its epic flaws, makes for some very late night fun. plus, i desperately want the theme to midnight skater. kudos to whoever wrote it and sang it. sweet god i love that song.

i'm surprised about the many female voters who even give this film better marks. my thought about this film was that the target audience is adult and male. whipped and tortured women, merciless revenge and a high body count are typical ingredients, introduced into film history by the spaghetti subgenre. the opening and the hand-smashing are django rip-offs. the shooter however lacks the style of e.g. django. score, acting and cinematography are mediocre at best but if you look for the above mentioned ingredients you are in the right place here. and the actors don't have an italian accent.4 / 10.

will they ever make movies without nudity and sex? this came on at 3:00 on sunday afternoon and i couldn't believe what they showed. thank god my son was outside or i would have been freaked out if he had seen the soft/medium porn! do people who make movies not care who they offend or corrupt? kids could have been watching after church and that is what they show???!!! the acting was good and i enjoyed the suspense but gee! there was violence and bad guys but that is to be expected in a western movie. randy travis was really good in his role. if the writers, directors and producers would just quit putting on so much uncalled for sex scenes. what has to happen to get them to quit going in that direction? where can i complain?

i saw this film recently in a film festival. it's the romance of an ex-alcoholic unemployed man who just came out of a big depression and a single middle-aged woman who works in an employment office (inem). i found the story very simple and full of clichés, taking the 'social' theme of the movie and turn it in to a romance comedy. the lead actor did a good job, he definitely looks like an alcoholic man, but ana belen is not believable as a working class woman, she looks, acts and talks very much like a 'high-standing' woman. what i mean is that ana belen plays herself. she does it in all her movies anyway. the whole mise-en-scene of the film was very poor. the photography is ugly, not using well at all the panoramic aspect ratio. the dialogue sounds totally scripted and dull most of the times. the comic situations are typical from gomez pereira, but in this case they are not funny at all and are resolved poorly. in my opinion this film is not worth watching. only if you really love pereira's previous films you might enjoy this one a little bit. anyway, i walked out of the theater because i felt i was wasting my time. the film-maker was by the door. i wonder what a director feels like when he sees someone walking out of one of his films, specially one that is made to please everybody.

normally i would never rent a movie like this, because you know it's going to be bad just by looking at the box. i rented seven movies at the same time, including nightmare on elm street 5, 6 and wes craven's new nightmare. unfortunately, when i got home i found out the videostore-guy gave me the wrong tape. in the box of wes craven's new nightmare i found this lame movie.this movie is incredibly boring, the acting is bad and the plot doesn't make any sense. it's hard to write a good review, because i have no idea what the movie was really about. at the end of the movie you have more questions then answers.on 'max power's scale of 1 to 10' i rate this movie: 1ps i would like to correct corinthian's review (right below mine). he says robert englund is ripping off lingerie, riding horses naked, etc. the guy that did those things was mahmoud, played by juliano mer, not by robert englund.

1st watched 8/26/2001 - 3 out of 10(dir-tobe hooper): scary, yet sadistic(which makes sense) portrayal of a relative of the marquis de sade carrying out the same sadistic acts and enjoying it that supposedly his predecessor did. this tobe hooper film really doesn't do a whole lot different than his similar in style freddy krueger movies with the same star (freddy himself - robert englund) playing a dual role(the marquis de sade and his relative). it is also seems like it wants to really poke at christianity but then loses that in the end much to my chagrin but leaving an inconsistent feel to the movie. could have been much worse if excesses were taken in sex and violence, but they try to keep this at a minimal despite some disgusting scenes. my final thought is why would hooper want to make this movie. it obviously took awhile to actually get distributed, then it has to be advertised gruesomely and with hooper's name in the title to hopefully make some money on his name and his gore. it's obvious this didn't work.

watching tom hanks as a hit man for the irish mob is a little like seeing jimmy stewart as a serial rapist it just doesn't work. i had a really hard time accepting this.not that i don't think tom can't act he can i've been following his career since mazes and monsters but for some reason this fell flat for me. maybe because i'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)the movie as a whole fails for me.the additions jude law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little disappointed. i was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of bonnie and clyde mendes took all the heart out of the story and left us with nothing but the bare bones. there are things to like in this flick however the cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images paul newman is as usual excellent and i really did enjoy the score, but tom as "the angel of death" sullivan was completely flat.

the highlight of this movie for me was without doubt tom hanks. as mike sullivan, he was definitely cast against type and showed that he can handle an untraditional (for him) role. hanks is usually the good guy in a movie - the one you like, admire and root for. sullivan was definitely not a good guy. it's true that in the context of this movie he came across as somewhat noble - his purpose being to avenge the murders of his wife and youngest son. even so, he was already a gangster and murderer before those killings. so hanks took a role i wouldn't have expected him in, and he pulled it off well.hanks' good performance aside, though, i certainly couldn't call this an enjoyable movie. after an opening that i would best describe as enigmatic (it wasn't entirely clear to me for a while where this was going) it turns into a very sombre movie, about the complicated relationships sullivan has developed as a gangster - largely raised by rooney (paul newman), who's a sort of mob boss, and trying to raise his own two sons and to keep them "clean" so to speak; isolated from his business. after the older son witnesses a murder, the gang tries to kill him to keep him quiet, gets the wrong son (and the mother), and leaves sullivan and his older son (mike, jr.) on the run. it becomes a weird sort of father/son bonding movie.although it ends on a somewhat hopeful note (at least in the overall context of the story) it's really very dark throughout, that mood being reinforced with many of the scenes being shot in darkness and torrential rainfall. i have to confess that while i appreciated hanks' performance, the movie as a whole just didn't pull me in. 4/10

this film is overblown, predictable, pretentious, and hollow to its core. the settings are faithful to the era but self-conscious in their magnification by prolonged exposure. the lingering over artifacts stops the action and cloys almost as much as the empty dialogue. tom hanks seems to be sleepwalking much as bruce willis did in hart's war. tom, you can't give depth to a character simply by making your face blank! the content did not warrant the histrionic acting by paul newman. this is a dud wrapped in an atomic bomb casing.

"meatball machine" has got to be one of the most complex ridiculous, awful and over-exaggerated sci-fi horror films that i have ever came across. it is about good against evil and a coming-of-age tale, with the aim of to entertain with bloody, sleazy and humorous context. because of that the violence isn't particularly gruesome and it doesn't make you squirm, but the gratuitous bloodletting and nudity does run freely. the performances by issei takahashi and toru tezuka is the worst i have seen, if that was not enough it is also directed by an unheard of director called yudai yamaguchi. this movie just have it all, it is bad to the bone!, a must see for every b-movie freak!!!... simply: an enjoying and rare gem.

the plot was quite interesting, with the russian revolution background. i also enjoyed seeing budapest as the movie was partly filmed there. sadly, there was zero chemistry between the 2 main characters so it was hard to believe the love story between them. the love scenes were forced and mechanical. jordan kirckland was really stiff, almost icy. rob stewart was quite charming and boyish, so she looked like his older sister rather than his girlfriend. the ending, when we finally figure out who was actually after them, was quite weak and made no sense whatsoever. i think i would have enjoyed this movie a lot better if the relationship between the 2 actors was slightly more credible.

there was something here with the female lead having this perfect life she's always wanted after the worst life possible, beginning as a child prostitute and winding up with eric roberts. but her background makes it impossible for her to trust dean cain and this utterly destroys it in the end. it sounds weird, but i like the position dean cain was in at the end and the choice he made. he can't hurt her because he loves her and she's the mother of his child (i think the time frame makes it clear it's his child and not his brother's), but at the same he can't forgive her for all she's done, sleeping with his brother (which shows the love and obligation he felt was pretty much one way) and then being part of his death. in better hands this would have been a better movie, but for something i caught on late night cable, it's not bad.

after reading several good reviews as well as hearing nice things about it by word of mouth i decided to rent come undone. i must say i was rather disappointed. the story was hard to follow because the film is set as a series of flashbacks between the present and recent past that are very poorly executed. the characters, despite the actors best efforts are flat and uninteresting. the sex is and nudity are more explicit than they need to be. i've never seen a film where they seemed so unnecessary to the plot. the ending is very anti-climatic and leaves many unanswered questions to a story line that wasn't explained well to begin with. in my opinion, a waste of time.

it seems there's a bit of a curse out there when it comes to gay cinema. namely, happy endings aren't very common. beautiful thing excluded, gay films tend to end in broken relationships or untimely death. and some, like come undone, just end... period.the creators of this horrid piece of nonsense have a thing or two to learn about plot, direction, and timelines. within the first ten minutes of this film, i found myself a bit confused, and even more so after the first glimpse of jeremie elkaim's character having a little psych session. it seems this film was randomly pieced together without the slightest attempt at continuity or consistency. there's no real way to tell when you're viewing the present or some sort of ethereal flashback. i could only take so much before it became truly unappealing.stephen holden of the new york times called this film "...shimmeringly beautiful and utterly real." well, it seems that stephen invested in beer goggles prior to viewing, as this is truly far from beautiful. due to all the praise this film received, i expected something worth watching. sadly, the film lived down to its title. and by the end of the movie (which provided no resolution whatsoever, i might add) it's plain to see that the writers, the director and the film have all come undone.

somewhere, out there, there must be a list of the all time worst gay films every made. one's that have overlong camera shots of the stars sitting and staring pensively into space, or one's where they focus unbearably long on kitty kats eating spaghetti. this motion sickness picture is a story of a boy and a boy and they live and love and swim and get stuck in grottos and one of them has a depressed mother and another has no mother and they talk and walk and swim and have sex and get drunk and then break up and someone goes to the hospital for eight days and then gets out and there is a lot of fast forward and rewind and there are long pensive shots of one of them looking into space or just sitting and doing nothing. i think it's some sort of gimmicky film making technique or maybe it's that the film is so bad they have to fill it up with long, wasted shots because otherwise if they had to rely on plot or story the film would be about 14 minutes. don't get me wrong, this is about the 30th gay film i"ve watched in the past 6 months and some of them (most of them) have been very formulmatic, predictable and boring but this is one is really a terrible waste of time. the best one so far was "beautiful thing". so, i watched this and after the very first opening shot which lingered and lingered i thought "oh, no, its going to be creative sinny mah" but i gave it a chance and watched it and then when it ended i tossed the dvd in the trash. sorry i didn't like it and if you did, sorry if i offend.

i'd really, really wanted to see this movie, and waited for months to get it through our blockbuster total access account. when it showed up in our mailbox, i threw it straight into the dvd player.i was very sadly disappointed, which in turn made me mad. i'll give any movie a chance, even if i want to walk out of the theater/press 'stop'. i watched it all the way through, but didn't get anything from it but frustration.the acting was very, very good, but that was about it. nothing is explained; while we understand that mathieu becomes depressed and lands in a psych ward of some kind, we're never given insight to his 'downfall'. while we understand that he and cedric break up, again, we don't see it happen or why it happened. during an interview with mathieu's doctor, cedric reveals that he'd cheated on him once, but it was no big deal. i expected to see this in flashbacks, but no--nothing. we also gets the hints that cedric was the one to bring mat to the hospital--but again, we don't see it.i know some movies are a 'take it as it is' basis, but this movie honestly ticked me off. when pierre, cedric's ex shows up in the club and starts trouble, we don't see hide nor hair of him until near the end, and it took me a good chunk of time to figure out that pierre was the ex. his personality at the club and when mat finds him are entirely different. i might even be wrong saying this, it was that confusing.the film expects you to know everything and move along with its disjointed, out-of-place and confusing pace. i can keep up with films like 'pi', 'citizen kane' and other films that have flashbacks/flash-forwards left and right, but cu didn't capture and hold onto the style. at the end of 'citizen kane', you know what's going on and discover the answer to the main mysteries. cu just leaves you hanging. it has an air of pretension in its 'we're not gonna tell you a damned thing, figure it out for yourself' presentation. it's like reading a book with the chapters switched around and pages missing.good acting, like i said. i liked the characters, but the whole story was just too disappointing.

not funny - how can anyone link this to monty python? that is absolutely ridiculous - there are no laughs. this is not funny. over the top, but ugly, weird just for weird sake and it seems to me these people were on something all the time. unfortunately something that did not make them funny.it should be given some points for effort etc. whatever. actually it appears there is a laugh track - or is there one? hummm.... since there are barely any laughs that's a debatable question.maybe i'm doing it injustice - maybe it's some sort of exercise. some sort of art - in that case anything goes, never mind.but these guys playing women with high-pitched voices, turned-up noses. come on !!! not funny. there is only one heir apparent to monty pythons intellectual wit and that is stephen colbert, and maybe jon stewart.

i like british humor, i believe it's one of the best in the world. i like almost every british sitcom (okay... maybe not monthy python, some of the jokes were great, but some of them i didn't understand.), but this league of gentlemen is just something good to make you sick. this show was good in some way; it helped me lost some weight because watching this piece of garbage make me feel i'm not hungry anymore. this is really just disgusting, sick and not even funny tv show and i wonder who is actually laughing at this stuff. i watched it for about 10 minutes and turned it off. it was so disgusting, watching men dressed in the woman with yellow teeth and urinating on the car... i mean... what's so funny about that??? it makes me wanna puke. no humor, just disturbing images and cheap, toilet laughs... i don't know... if you like this stuff... you go ahead... watch it... but to be honest, people watching and enjoying this must have some emotional problems. garbage.

the sitcom "the league of gentlemen" follows the lives of several bizarre inhabitants of the fictional village "royston vasey". the different scenes are linked together by their common setting.in the first series, a sketch show, the main plot deals with a new road which is going to be built through royston vasey. consequently, more foreigners visit the small town. but edward and tubbs, the owners of a "local" shop, which is actually far away from the town, do not like foreigners. whenever a visitor enters their shop, they kill him. in my opinion some scenes are kind of tasteless and not funny at all, for example, when the couple absorb two engineers who want to build the new road. edward drums, while tubbs is dancing half naked around the victims. moreover pauline lives in royston vasey. she works at the local job centre. although pauline hates the people she has to work with, the woman does not want to loose her job. so when an unemployed man gets an interview as fireman, she does not allow him to go because he is not ready for the job yet.then there is barbara dixton, a transsexual taxi driver who goes into great detail about "her" sexual conversion.furthermore the vet, mr. chinnery, always kills animals instead of curing them. in one case, he comes to a farm and is leaded into the sitting room, where a dog lays in his basket. the farmer goes outside. on the assumption that the dog is the sick animal, mr. chinnery euthanizes him. a second later, the farmer opens the door, holding the "real" sick animal, a sheep, in his hand.some more inhabitants are a husband and his wife who are visited by their nephew (his friend is killed by the shop owners, by the way). the couple is very tidy. they have, for example, towels in different colours. each colour stands for one part of the body. besides, they have thousands of keys, marked with different colours and precisely classified.in my opinion, the actors play very well. by playing women, the scenes become comical. the costumes are suited to the actors, too. tubbs is wearing a scarf and some crazy characters, for example edward, have unappetizing black teeth. the show has a great deal of dark humour, typical british. the set design reflects the mood of the series. the village and all the houses look grey and are decayed. around the local shop there is often fog which strengthens the threatening effect. even the village sign is ominous: "welcome to royston vasey. you will never leave."although i think that the actors do a great job, this type of series is not my taste.

not that he'd care, but i'm not one of simon pegg's friends. if i was, there's a good chance we'd fallout if he continued to make dross like this. the trouble is, he found a successful formula as the bumbling, ordinary guy-next-door type in shawn of the dead, run fat boy run etc, but it's starting to wear thin. here his character has no discernible qualities, he's rude and obnoxious, and thinks he's funny when he frankly isn't. when transferred to new york from london (and i presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the atlantic), he proves equally out of place with his new colleagues. still, is it any wonder when amongst his jolly japes he hires a transvestite stripper to appear at an editorial meeting an act of revenge for his boss. yet somehow, kirsten dunst starts to warm to him, even though he's done nothing nice. oh, and because he's a superficial male he falls for megan fox at first sight, possibly because her character is as shallow as his. it all makes for a predictable film conclusion, although i can't see any viewer expressing how this mirrored their life. the shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching. pegg, though, plays himself, kirsten dunst seems to just go though the motions, creating no on screen chemistry, and megan fox isn't stretched at all. the one huge plus is miriam margolyes, as pegg's new york landlady - now if she had been on screen longer.....

if you have read the book - do not set your hopes high, if you have not - go read it, and never watch the film. it is strange to learn that toby young was actually involved a lot in the writing of the script (as he claims himself in the post script of the book). because the film is very different from the book.what the film seems to be aiming at - taking a rather thought provoking and entertaining piece that combines philosophical ideas with plain funny sarcasm and simplifying it so that everyone would understand it - it achieves with perfection. the film is full of bad and cheap jokes suitable for a sitcoms, and has lost any meaningful message that it could have had.you are better off not seeing it.

simon pegg stars as sidney young, a stereotypically clumsy idiot brit working as a celebrity journalist in this us comedy. after getting a very lucky break he starts work at the highly respected sharps magazine run by a reliably on form jeff bridges in new york. it's more the devil wears prada than shaun of the dead. the unlikely love interest is provided by kirsten dunst who works well with pegg for the laughs but they don't exactly set the screen ablaze with their passion.sidney goes through some emotional challenges while trying to decide if he should forget about his journalistic principles in order to get material in the magazine. of course he's eventually seduced by the glitz and glamour of the world of celebrities especially the young starlet sophie maes (transformers' megan fox). fans of shaun of the dead, hot fuzz and spaced will wonder if pegg himself ever experienced similar feelings in real life with this film and to an extent run fat boy run as one of the uk's best comic talents being ruined by the us.all in all this is a forgettable comedy. please come back to us simon, we can forgive and forget.

(rating: 21 by the film snob.) (see our blog what-to-see-next for details on our rating system.)here's a movie that will have you clawing at your own face in an attempt to earn release from the on-screen tedium. you'll not be wringing your hands, nor rolling your eyes, nor sighing into your popcorn. no indeed. for a movie of *this* averagousity, only clawing at your own face will do. when you begin to claw your own face -- as begin you must! -- start in at the lower portion. you'll need your upper portion, with its handy tear ducts, intact for the truly tear-jerking third act which may bring you to your knees if you haven't clawed your way clear of the entire theatre by then. in a season celebrating joe six-pack and hockey moms as the new gold standard for leadership and foreign diplomacy, permaybe a movie this tedium will be welcomed as a thing that anyone could create. *watching* it, however, is a much more dangerous undertaking. here's our story... sidney young, the london publisher of a fourth-tier celebrity/entertainment magazine is just about to see his magazine go under. he needs a miracle, and what he gets is a phone call from new york city, in the usa.the publisher of sharp's magazine, clayton harding (played by jeff bridges) says "come work for me!" with his own employees carrying out the fax machine out of his apartment/office in the background, saying "yes" is a no-brainer.soon sidney is at work in new york city, doing allllllll the wrong things. his interviews consist of asking broadway musical directors if they are (1) jewish, and (2) gay. he kills the pet dog of sohpie maes, the industry's hottest movie star, when she leaves it in the magazine's offices during a business luncheon.this is a spot of bad luck for everyone, for, among other things, sidney imagines that he is in love with maes, before he wakes up to the dunst character.worst of all, he totally alienates alison olsen (played by winsome scripting-confusion by kristen dunst), a colleague assigned to show him the ropes of the magazine *and* the big apple. (we have, of course, been to a movie before, and so we know how this relationship is going to end up. this is therefore why we'll need intact tear ducts for the movie's third act.)the problem with the thing is, the script just never jells, excepting for the one tear-duct set piece in which true love prevails.publisher harding is supposed to be a son-of-a-bitch who also wants to just throw the whole job over. the script never comes down firmly on one or the other sides of this dichotomy, however, and bridges is left to twist and waffle in the breeze.alison olsen is supposed to despise sidney young, but whenever he comes up to her (as he does constantly) she makes a point of engaging him in conversation, instead of attempting to discourage his existence.the "comedy" of early scenes is built around a piglet destroying an expensive hotel room, and then taking the elevator downstairs to urinate on the expensive high heels of a celebrity at a cocktail reception.the hot starlet maes confesses that she is attracted to young because he is "wounded." the character never shows us *why* he is wounded, however. this is yet another resultant of the movie's mortally wounded script.at one hours and fifty minutes, this thing feels longer (and more deadly) than napoleon's retreat from moscow. it is uninspiring, unfunny, unredeemable, and not even rentable. run away

i too was intrigued by the high (8.5) rating for this film, and was very disappointed. i had just seen a couple of good foreign films and was looking forward to making it three in a row, but it was not to be. i went with a spanish speaking friend who felt the same way. there is not much of a plot, if any. i don't necessarily need that in a movie, but it needs to somehow entertain or bring me in. the best i could say would be that it aspires to be an altman-esque film, albeit with an extremely small ensemble. sure, there are moments, but a few moments easily get thinned out by 97 slow minutes of nothing. i do not understand the high rating for this film. i give it a 3.

an attempt at crossover to appeal to those who don't appreciate opera, exploiting the fame of one of the greatest opera singers of all time, it fails badly. all that is desirable in this movie is the opera, and one can best find a recording of pavarotti doing what he does best. the plot revolves around a romance with a doctor who heals his throat which has suddenly become troublesome. only because it came out so long ago is it largely forgotten. like most opera stars, pavarotti is a decent actor and has stage presence aside from his singing talent, and nothing that he does in this movie negates that opinion. his culpability lies in not rejecting the horrid script. perhaps because great operas can have silly stories he tolerated this one.who knows, except those involved? do we need to know? the plot is weak and trite. this movie is like trudging through cold mud to pick off a few juicy tidbits (the opera music) hanging above the mud. we have other ways in which to appreciate the great pavarotti, and this one isn't one of them. just get one of his many superb opera or vocal-concert recordings and recognize the master tenor where he is most suited.it would be one of imdb's 100 worst films if more people remembered it and gave it some votes; it would fit neatly in a list including several efforts of singers, actors, models, and athletes to exploit their popularity through film. very often it all goes badly wrong due to incompetent acting or a horrible script. pavarotti would have been a decent actor had he not shown such a superb voice. however effective he is as an actor (opera requires it), not even jimmy stewart could have rescued this turkey of a script.i give it a polite 3 of 10 because someone may have become a fan of pavarotti's singing and of opera because of this movie.

by my "kool-aid drinkers" remark, i mean that these are such devoted fans of the man pavarotti that they make no attempt to objectively rate this film. giving this a 10 is akin to giving wally cox the award for mr. universe or putting a velvet elvis painting in the louvre!!! when this film debuted, i remember the savage reviews with headlines such as "no, giorgio" and some said it was among the worst films ever made. this is definitely overstating it as well. while bad and far from a great work of art, there was a lot to like about the film and the movie's biggest deficit was not the acting of pavarotti nor his girth.believe it or not, the brunt of the blame rests solely on the shoulders of the writers (who, i believe, were chimps). it is rare to see a movie with such clichéd dialog or goofy scenes like the food fight, but even they aren't the heart of the problem. the problem is that the writers intend for the audience to care about a "romance" that consists of a horny married middle-aged man and a seemingly desperate lady. perhaps european audiences might be more forgiving of this, but in the united states in 1982 or today, such a romance seems sleazy and selfish--especially when pavarotti tells harrold that he loves his wife and "this is just fun". wow, talk about romantic dialog!! sadly, if they had just changed the script a little bit and made pavarotti a widower or perhaps had his wife be like the wife from a couple classic hollywood films, such as from all this and heaven, too or the suspect (where the wife was so vile and unlikable you could forgive the husband having an affair or even killing her). instead, she's the loving mother of two kids who waits patiently at home while her egotistical hubby beds tarts right and left--as pavarotti admits to having had many affairs before meeting harrold.sadly, even the gorgeous music of pavarotti couldn't save this film. towards the end of the film, there are some amazing scenes in new york where the set is just incredible and pavarotti's singing transcendent. for that reason, i think the movie at least deserves a 3. i really wanted to like the film more, but it was a truly bad film--though not quite as rotten as you might have heard.sadly, from what i have read, this film might be a case of art imitating life, as pavarotti's own life later had some parallels to this film, though this isn't exactly the forum to discuss this in detail.

as others have said, "no, luciano" is a more apt title or response to this movie title. for entertainment, the great opera singer should stick to singing.....not that he's a terrible actor. it's just that this movie stinks.the first 25 minutes were fine - a nice family movie, as it were - but after that it's nothing but a boring soap opera.appropriately playing a singer, pavarotti, as "giorgio fini," loses his voice a few times and the doctor, "pamela taylor" (kathryn harrold) comes to the rescue. the singer then falls for the doctor, the doctor slowly falls for the singer, the two argue all the time and on and on and on it goes.pavarotti has a winning smile and is a likable guy. it's harrold that spoils things and after watching her here i am not surprised she didn't become a star. there is nice scenery in the movie to enjoy, good shots of san francisco and italy, at least in the first half of the film. i got bored and don't remember much about the second half of it.

i saw this movie when i was really little. it is, by far, one of the strangest movies i have ever seen. now, normally, i like weird movies, but this was just a bit too much.there's not much of a plot to the movie. if anything, it starts out like toy story, where toys come to life, and raggedy ann and andy go on an adventure to rescue their new friend, babette. from there, craziness ensues. there's the greedy, the looneys, a sea monster named gazooks, and a bunch of pirates singing show tunes, all of which just made the movie weirder. also, i can't help but feel that babette is annoying and a bit too whiny. she definitely didn't help the movie.now, even though i didn't like this movie, there were a few cute parts. i liked the camel's song. even though it was a song about being lonely, it had a friendly feel to it. then, there was sir leonard. while most of the looneys were just plain nuts, sir leonard was the most interesting and probably the funniest. king koo koo was just a little dirtbag that made dr. evil look like a serious villain. also, there was raggedy andy's song, no girl's toy. it was definitely good song for little boys who wanted to act tough. but, honestly, even these things didn't make the movie any better. (but remember, this is just my perspective.) while i personally wouldn't recommend this movie, even i have to admit, it does have its charming moments. see it if you're interested, but only if you're in the mood for something "really" out of the ordinary.

i hadn't heard of this film until i read an article about it on the unknown movies website, which made me curious. as a cartoonist and illustrator myself, i'm an admirer of richard williams's work - i rate ziggy's gift as one of the finest christmas specials of all time, and even though who framed roger rabbit stopped being one of my favourite films when i got past the age of sixteen, i still have the highest of regard for the amount of work, care and attention to detail that went into creating the visuals - but it seems the man has his faults, most notably a propensity for going over budget and over schedule, and this film is a testament of just how far wrong even a super-talented individual like williams can go, given the right circumstances.raggedy ann and andy is a strange confection that tries to be weird and experimental and off the wall within the confines of a children's cartoon. it tries also to be a musical. it tries to be a thousand and one other things as well - is it a freakout? is it a mind-blower? is it a paean to the innocence of childhood imagination? - until it finally collapses under the weight of its own limitless ambitions and aspirations. it's beautifully animated, for the most part, though the bland backgrounds could have used a little more attention, but even that doesn't count for much when you're confronted with the hallucinogenic absurdity that constitutes much of the 'action' here.there are a number of problems with the film, but let's start with raggedy ann and andy themselves. they're the stars of the show, yet they have no personalities. actually, we get the message that andy is a wannabe tough guy ("i'm no girl's toy", he sings) and that ann has a unique perspective on things because her owner, a little girl called marcella, carries her upside down, but that's all we get to find out about these dull-as-mud characters because the overwhelming weirdness of this film kicks in not long after. i use the word "weirdness" advisedly, because some weird films can be hugely entertaining, but this is just flat-out strange. the toys and dolls in the playroom are supposed to be cute and lovable, but they're actually bizarre and disturbing. the two marionettes who do and say everything in sync are a prime example of this. but even they're relatively normal compared to the constantly sneezing pirate captain, whose moustache becomes erect and whose groin visibly swells when he first catches sight of a glamorous french doll. yes, this is supposed to be a children's film! then there's the music, none of which is memorable, and all of which is sung by actors who can't sing. and to add insult to injury, there's a lot of singing in this film. when ann and andy finally make it out of the playroom, the first thing they do is sing a long number in the woods about how scared they are, about how they'll always have each other and...yes, we get the message. this seems to go on forever, but at least it brings some semblance of normality back to the film. not for long, though, because the camel with the wrinkled knees leads us into a bizarre world where everything looks like it's made from worn and faded denim, and - bad enough that he's clearly a paranoid schizophrenic - he also starts hallucinating. but this is nothing compared to the scenes that follow. the greedy, a living, breathing. belching, farting, constantly eating pool of taffy, is so trippy, creepy and ultimately disturbing, you'll hardly believe what you're seeing - this is as close to a drug-free psychedelic experience as i've ever seen on film. then, after a l-o-n-g time spent with the greedy, along comes the psychotic sir leonard looney and his master king kookoo, whose throne resembles a urinal. i can't believe i'm actually writing a capsule description of a real film here - i just had to rub my eyes and remind myself that i'm not blogging about an overwhelmingly whacked-out nightmare i had. part of the sequence in looney land resembles one of the old winsor mccay / little nemo cartoons, for no good reason other than somebody felt like doing it, probably. all this would be fine if there was some kind of rhyme or reason behind it, but there isn't. these scenes are just strange, and very, very long. surrealism only works when there's a strong idea behind it, or takes place against some semblance of reality. but nothing in these scenes points towards any kind of reality. take away this element, and you're left with pure self indulgence.as the final scenes unravel, even the animation begins to look less impressive (the pirate ship, ludicrously detailed, jerks about on the water in a manner that suggests some of the cels went missing during the production) and there's a non-event of an ending that simply suggests money ran out. even at a meagre 86 minutes in length, the film feels like a never-ending ordeal, and it's understandable why it flopped on its original release. animation buffs will probably scratch their heads and wonder just how williams managed to flub this one so spectacularly, but he did, and there's nothing anyone can do about it.

this is hands down the worst movie of all time. a combination of whoopie goldberg (the worst actress/person in history) and a talking dinosaur ala jar-jar-binks add up to a painfully bad movie. that was an understatement. this movie is unwatchable. for the love of god, do not watch this movie.

in theodore rex poor whoopi goldberg is set up as a tough police cop who gets to work with a pathetic dinosaur on a case. the movie tries to be funny, and tries to make a story about abductions and more but it never works. the movie is far from funny, and the story is ridiculous. i voted 1/10

i can say nothing more about this movie than: man, this sucks!!!!! if you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain, watch this movie. it's the best cure in the world for taking away happiness. when i started watching this film, i was completely happy. afterwords i could feel my brain melting, like it was struck by molten lava. god, i hate that stupid dinosaur. so if you want severe brain damage: watch this movie, it will do the trick.

i watched this movie when joe bob briggs hosted monstervision on tnt. even he couldn't make this movie enjoyable. the only reason i watched it until the end is because i teach video production and i wanted to make sure my students never made anything this bad ... but it took all my intestinal fortitude to sit through it though. it's like watching your great grandmother flirting with a 15 year old boy ... excruciatingly painful.if you took the actual film, dipped it in paint thinner, then watched it, it would be more entertaining. seriously.if you see this movie in the bargin bin at s-mart, back away from it as if it were a rattlesnake.

i must say that during my childhood i'm quite proud of a lot of the movies i've rented. the exception being theodore rex. talk about the all time swindler movie in any actor's resume. could you just imagine what whoopie's fired agent must have told her to sign on to this piece of crap "hey whoop, you ever seen that show dinosaurs, yeah well they're making a movie out of it, and you get to see germany!" after that that agent must have referenced star wars a lot.this movie was so bad i figured whoopie must have bought out every copy of this film and had it destroyed. i just wish she could have done the same thing to my memory, because my sister still gives me crap for watching that movie. i mean c'mon, i'll even admit i watched mr. nanny and kazzam in theaters (good reasons why i gave up on both hulk hogan and shaq for awhile), yet this one sticks out in my mind as the worst of my childhood, and the biggest rental regret of my life, and that was 16 years ago. i'm 24 now if you want to do the math.whenever i think of my all-time list of worst movies i don't even mention this one, because like a raped step-child, i try hard to repress that it ever happened. screw you whoopie, just be glad people only acknowledge eddie and sister act 2 as your worst you lucky stiff.

there have been very few films i have not been able to sit through. i made it through battle field earth no problem. but this, this is one of the single worst films ever to be made. i understand whoopi goldberg tried to get of acting in it. i do not blame her. i would feel ashamed to have this on a resume. i belive it is a rare occasion when almost every gag in a film falls flat on it's face. well it happens here. not to mention the sfx, look for the dino with the control cables hanging out of it rear end!!!!!! halfway through the film i was still looking for a plot. i never found one. save yourself the trouble of renting this and save 90 minutes of your life.

this movie was amazingly bad. i don't think i've ever seen a movie where every attempt at humor failed as miserably. let's see...the acting was pathetic, the "special effects" where horrible, the plot non-existant...that pretty much sums up this movie.

wow... what would you do with $33m? let me give you a choice; you can either a) shred it and flush it down the toilet or b)make a film based on the premise of whoopi goldberg as a hard nut futuristic cop partnered with a rubber dinosaur who uses terms like "i didn't butt trumpet" and blows raspberries on the basis that this is funny. that's right, you would choose the option that has more merit - flushing down the toilet.this has to be seen to be believed. i cannot even find the words to describe how bad this film is. it doesn't even fit into the "so bad - it's good" category. i actually have it on the television as i write - and whilst watching i felt the need to come onto imdb and register my disgust.considering jurassic park was made a couple of years before, how on earth did they think that audiences would any longer tolerate a man dressed in a rubber suit? wg should have simply walked and damn the consequences. everyone concerned will go to hell for this criminal waste of money.i have to stop writing - i am about to implode.

i watched this movie when joe bob briggs hosted monstervision on tnt. even he couldn't make this movie enjoyable. the only reason i watched it until the end is because i teach video production and i wanted to make sure my students never made anything this bad ... but it took all my intestinal fortitude to sit through it though. it's like watching your great grandmother flirting with a 15 year old boy ... excruciatingly painful.if you took the actual film, dipped it in paint thinner, then watched it, it would be more entertaining. seriously.if you see this movie in the bargin bin at s-mart, back away from it as if it were a rattlesnake.

what reviewers and mst3k left out is the best part (and only memorable scene) of this otherwise dreadful movie: there is a very good rape-in-the-shower scene committed by the bad guy (ben gazzara look-alike) on maria (as mentioned, killed later through t.j.'s ineptitude). perhaps rape is too strong a word, "prison mating ritual" may be more appropriate. the background behind this chance, yet forced meeting is the mobster who is hiding "ben gazzara," introduces him to the girls hanging out at his pool. the 30-ish blonde disses him, but our villain must be quite smitten by her, because the courtship is on at that point. his first move is to attempt drowning her, until his mafia don benefactor tells him to knock it off. kind of like the girl in high school you didn't like, but still wanted to have carnal knowledge of anyway... let's just say, he catches up with her in the cabana later.

i can count (on one hand) the number of good movies starring joe don baker. this is not one of them.interminable chase scenes, dim-witted dialogue, and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send-up on mst3k.and that is the only way i was able to watch this...

i can't believe this movie was made as recently as 1984. it's got some laughable acting, not to mention one of the stupidest plots ever. who would ever ask fat texas sheriff joe don baker to escort an italian he illegally arrested in mexico back to italy? not to mention that the title of the movie tells you pretty much nothing about it - in fact, it's about as generic a title for a wannabe action/cop film as i can think of.i'm glad i only saw this on mst3k with mike and the bots as a shield. they remark on the female lead's resemblance to elaine from seinfeld ("none of them are spongeworthy") and riff non-stop on baker's weight. this movie probably isn't worse than "mitchell," but baker's reputation definitely precedes him here: when his title comes up at the beginning of the film, tom says, "i wish i was illiterate so i wouldn't have to read that."

two qualifiers right up front: i actually think joe don baker can be good or even great with the right material and the right director (the "cape fear" remake, a small role in "goldeneye", "walking tall"). and i even liked baker in "mitchell", because he was playing an anti-hero who was supposed to be unlikeable. yes, mst3k's coverage was hilarious, but they took a lot of cheap shots at baker - that he didn't deserve - to keep things lively and entertaining - he was appropriate to the level and tone of the movie, and he was the best part of the movie."final justice" seems to be more of the same, but in spite of the exotic locations and the "cowboy frontier justice" theme, it is quite a bit weaker than "mitchell". and the main reason is that baker's character, as written, is an idiot. the movie has the conceit that because baker embodies old style frontier machismo, he challenges his opponents to old style mano-a-mano quick-draw contests. and because he's so tough and macho, he always wins, even when he's hurt, wounded, outnumbered, etc.that's a conceit with a lot of potential (it worked for gary cooper), even if it condemns the film to "b" movie status. but baker is so frigging stupid and obsessive that he needlessly challenges three of the bad guy's henchman to a showdown in a public market, with civilians all over the place. he could have simply shadowed them to the chief bad guy's headquarters (which was why he was following them in the first place) and they never would have noticed. or he could have gotten the drop on them and forced them to surrender, and gotten one of the henchmen to take him to headquarters at gun point. but no, he has to be a bush league hot dog and a macho blockhead, and so he gets a child taken as a hostage in the ensuing shootout! this is a guy we are supposed to admire? the whole movie is basically like this. most of the supporting actors are somewhere between ok (the henchmen) to pretty good (the chief bad guy and his father, who are two well known european actors - they just go through the motions, but they are pros and even hamming it up they are decent). but through it all, baker's character pulls silly , unproductive stunts and mistakes that get at least two relatively innocent people killed, plus a couple of bad guys who might have been taken alive without the use of deadly force.on the positive side, since 90% of the movie is set on malta or in the mediterranean, you get to see lots of pretty scenery and lots of nice and exotic looking extras. and really, baker himself may be on the heavy side and slightly dyspeptic, but he isn't that bad...certainly not the tub o' lard that this films critics (including mike and the bots in their hilarious coverage) seem to think.in short, this movie is good for video wallpaper, but the viewer should not pay any attention to it.

the only words you need fear more than joe don baker if your thinking of watching a film are greydon clark , and if they are both there , run for your life . however this is a very funny film because they actually take themselves seriously ! it starts out bad and goes downhill from there , repeated scenes , the good the bad and the ugly like shootout will have you rolling on the floor with laughter .yes , he's the best deputy sheriff in texas , tracking a mafia hit-man to malta as only he can . he makes his own rules , does things his own way , all the while wearing cowboy boots and sidearms cowboy style . you want to see a bad but funny film ? go ahead on , its your move !

after apprehending the man responsible for the murder of his boss, deputy sheriff thomas jefferson geronimo, iii, is assigned the task of taking the killer back to italy. on the way, however, the plane is diverted to malta. not long after landing, the killer escapes. now, and with little help from the maltese police, deputy sheriff geronimo is out to recapture a murderer. but will his "shoot first, take names later" brand of texas justice work in a foreign country? let me get this out right up front, i've seen final justice both with and without the mystery science theater 3000 commentary. i've seen the scenes that were cut that help make the movie a more coherent whole. and i've seen the cut-up tv version that was used for mst3k. having said that, i've got to admit that i much prefer the mst3k version. why? because final justice is one lousy movie. the mst3k commentary helps make it much more palatable. on its own, it's a real snoozer of an action movie with corny dialogue (often delivered with such thick italian accents that it's impossible to understand), bad acting, weak direction, gigantic plot holes, and most everything else you'll find in a bad movie. and if most of final justice wasn't "so bad, it's good", it would be one terribly dull movie on top of everything else. so, yes, i enjoy the often very funny mst3k commentary over the bad movie on its own.my main sticking points with the mst3k commentary and with most of the reviews i've read on final justice, however, involve the criticisms of joe don baker. the main weaknesses in baker's performance actually have nothing to do with his size or the wardrobe choices of his character or any of the other jokes flung in his direction. instead, i think much of it is has to do with the poor decision to cast him in the lead in the first place. joe don baker has always struck me as a decent enough actor, but he's not the kind of guy i would call an "action hero" by any stretch of the imagination. he's more of a sidekick as he demonstrated with solid performances in a couple of james bond movies. or if you really want to blame someone for the problems with final justice, point your finger at director greydon clark. clark's resume can't begin to compare with baker's. so i say, "lay off joe don baker!"

in short, the movie had a little bit of a weak 1st act with some forced acting and a somewhat disjointed rhythm and pacing, somewhat of a decent 2nd act that managed to build some tension and intrigue despite some inconsistent pacing and some inferior performances by the cast, and the 3rd act ... there virtually wasn't any 3rd act!regarding the 3rd act, the movie just abruptly ends. there is no resolution and no path down from the climax of the 2nd act, so there wasn't much of a 3rd act. the bad guys die and that's that; the end credits roll. there is nothing to show what happens to the protagonist and the supporting characters and so on. the audience would've likely left the theater after the movie, asking "that's it?" a real letdown.music was composed by david bell which worked adequately enough to serve the film most of the time, but it's certainly nothing outstanding. it's just functional, but achieves this by being merely generic and derivative. it is also apparent that the score is very dated with the use of synthesized timpani for some of the percussion. what least impressed me about the score is that some moments of tension heralds music cues sounding like they were ripped off of james horner from "48 hrs." and "commando," particularly the brass.in all, the film had potential as the basic story itself is good, but the execution was lackluster with mediocre direction, weak acting, and somewhat inconsistent pacing.there was virtually no 3rd act to properly finish the story, and this omission is major and unforgivable as it doesn't allow the movie to end satisfactorily. this could either be the screenplay or, possibly, the production had to cut out filming or editing the 3rd act into the finished movie due to budget constraints (but i'm speculating as to why there isn't a 3rd act). whatever the reason, the abrupt ending really hurts the movie overall. this is good for a view if you're curious and you can get the movie for very cheap as well as to learn the reason why you need to have the 3 acts (beginning, middle, end) if you write screenplays and make movies.otherwise, you might not want to waste your time unless you can get the mst3k version to at least get some laughs out of it.

...but i regret having seen it. since the ratings on imdb are relatively high (and they must also have been relatively high on netflix), i guess i put it in my queue because it is advertised as a gentle comedy from the uk, a category that has produced many films i liked immensely. "saving grace," on the other hand, falls into the category of laugh-less comedies usually populated by hollywood movies produced and directed by the talentless. brenda blethyn is a capable actress, and i have liked her in other movies. the concept -- a gardener growing marijuana to overcome the penury she finds herself confronting after her husband's death -- does not offend me. notwithstanding the strenuous efforts on the part of the cast to produce humor, the film falls flat on its face (falling flat on its arse might have been funnier) as far as i and my wife were concerned. be forewarned, oh gentle reader, not all offbeat british comedies succeed. this one is a dud.

how can anybody say that this movie is a comedy?? if i had not gone with then my finacee i would have fallen asleep and asked for my money back. i love gwen paltrow, but it was like she was on the wrong set. i like most chick flicks, but i hated this one. this is the only time i saw so much clevage and was not turned on. those outfits were way overdone. no one talks that way anymore and i don't think they even did then. the dancing part was horrible.my ex said to me later..."didn't ya like that part? didn't ya think it was sensous?" i said yes only to spare her feelings. now i know why we never married.this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen.

reading through all these positive reviews i find myself baffled. how is it that so many enjoyed what i consider to be a woefully bad adaptation of my second favourite jane austen novel? there are many problems with the film, already mentioned in a few reviews; simply put it is a hammed-up, over-acted, chintzy mess from opening credits to butchered ending.while many characters are mis-cast and neither ewan mcgregor nor toni collette puts in a performance that is worthy of them, the worst by far is paltrow. i have very much enjoyed her performance in some roles, but here she is abominable - she is self-conscious, nasal, slouching and entirely disconnected from her characters and those around her. an extremely disappointing effort - though even a perfect emma could not have saved this film.

bah. another tired, desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed.on the plus side, toni collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. there are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the filmwork, score and editing is competent, apart from a bizarre lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion.but, ah, but. much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too old (and in one case too young) for their declared ages. worse, they are all speaking "austinese", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in austen's day (think yosemite sam, i kid you not). this is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial "fakespearan" that olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs.and worst of all is gwyneth paltrow. she's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. there is absolutely no chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart.in short, there is very little reason to watch emma. it's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior "clueless".

this was the first ewan mcgregor movie i ever saw outside of star wars. since then i have become a very big ewan mcgregor fan but i still can't bring myself to forgive this movie's existence.my sister has always been a huge jane austen fan and because of that, i have been subjected to various of the classics, emma being one of them. i've always considered them irritating, stupid and boring. however, after watching this terrible rendition, i was forced to admit that the original emma was delightful and charming. ewan mcgregor scarcely serves a purpose in this film after they hacked and mutilated the part of frank churchill. gweneth paltrow is ridiculous in an already ridiculous character and the rest of the film is unremarkable and stupid.my recommendation to anybody who is remotely interested in english period drama... go see the originals. if you're a ewan mcgregor fan... believe me, by skipping this film, you haven't missed anything but five minutes collective of him in a silly hat and a bad haircut.

i like jane austin novels. i love pride and prejudice and sense and sensibility books and movies, and i'm half way through mansfield park. but i couldn't stand emma. i gave up on the book after 2 chapters, and by the end of the movie i couldn't care less about emma. she didn't seem to change at all. maybe it was paltrows acting (which as excellent in se7en) or my lack of interest for the movie. dunno. the costumes are nice, but the dancing was clumsy compared to pride and prejudice dancing by colin firth and jennifer ehle.i gave it a 2 basically for the fact knightly is bloody gorgeous, and although it as a rather patchy performance for ewan mcgregor, i liked his singing.

well, what's to say. the golden child falls in the category "so bad, it's good". eddie murphy is having some funny (and sometimes quite annoying lines), but you are still entertained. chales dance has never been worse than his role as the villain sardo numspa (what a f***ed up name is this??).who should watch the golden child... hm... difficult to say, but my best guess would be people who likes embarrassing movies and can be entertained by bad acting, bad plot and an even more embarrassing dialog.4 out of 10

definitely one of funny man eddie murphy's lesser films is this nonsense about a kidnapped mystical child, three hundred year old dragons and a "chosen one".murphy is the "chosen one" in question, and as the opening song suggests, he is "the best man in the world". a finder of lost and missing children, he is approached by a mysterious tibetan woman (charlotte lewis) who tells him he is "the chosen one", and that it is his destiny to find and rescue "the golden child". for if the child were to die, compassion would die with him, as he is the bearer of compassion.if all this hocus pocus rubbish hasn't ruined it for you now, it surely will once the movie begins. suffice to say the plot is abominable and destroys the whole film. meant to be another vehicle for murphy's egotistical brand of humour (the comedy isn't so great mind you), the movie fails on many levels. even charles dance as the evil sardo numspa can't do much for proceedings. very silly and disappointing.sunday, december 12, 1993 - t.v.

unlike "the adventures of buckaroo banzai", or "big trouble in little china", or "conan the barbarian", which are horrible films that have a certain coolness and self-deprecating humor that turn them into cult sensations, the golden child is just plain bad.the premise itself is not unworkable, and there are some funny moments. but here the eddy murphy "flip attitude" just deflates any feeling of tension or danger in the story. and the special effects are silly enough to do more damage to that tension. the "mystic secrets" of tibetan buddhism are lampooned rather than drawn upon to compel.without a feeling that anything is at stake, or that the characters are faced by real danger, why should we care?who should see this film:-- big fans of eddy murphy who can't help themselves-- i can't think of anyone elsei'll give this film a 4 out of 10 for the occasional joke that worked.

1st watched 12/26/2008 -(dir-eugene levy): corny comedy murder mystery with very few laughs. the movie appears to be based on an earlier italian movie according to the credits but was re-written by two fairly popular american romantic comedy writers. but this one by charles shyer & nancy meyers does not cut it compared to their other efforts. the story is about a couple of down-and-out traveling americans, played by richard lewis and sean young, who stumble upon a lost dog and hope to make a fortune in reward money after seeing an ad in the paper for the dachsund's return. upon trying to return it, they see a hand sticking out of a garage door at the lady's residence that they believe is attached to the rest of the dead body of the woman who is supposed to give them the money. they freak out and instead of contacting the police and telling them the truth they make out like runaways from the scene expecting to be framed for the murder. the other characters in the film are met on a train prior to this and hang around a monte carlo gambling resort doing various things to be pulled into the story. the other cast members include character actors john candy, james belushi, cybill shepherd, george hamilton and others. after the police find out about the death, they start questioning the main characters and, of course, they have to work thru their goofy lies to figure out what really happened. none of the character actors mentioned earlier can bring this movie out of it's mediocre state despite some funny moments mostly provided by the belushi/shepherd couple. this isn't a horrible movie, it just isn't that good. there are plenty of average movies out there and this is just another one for the pile. try it, maybe you'll like it, probably you won't.

this is just horrible, really horrible trash. yes, we've got beautiful naked women dancing and having sex. but while this may work in the mechanism of a porn movie – may have even been a hit as a porn movie – this tries to mask itself as a "film" with actual things to say, with real emotion and struggle. it isn't. it's an excuse to get some girls naked and have a fun time. i'm sure all of these women (and men) in this particular movie could have faired decently in the porn movie business of the 1970s . . . but not in the actual movie business.the acting was hackneyed, so bad, i mean real terrible. the writing was even worse. i can't lay all blame on these actors – they had nothing to work with. the very broad structure or plot of the movie could possibly be done and done well with good writers and competent actors. the very broad structure or plot is that of a psychotic man who spends his time shooting people from afar, as a sniper. these shootings were motivated from men not respecting their women enough. if there was more writing - better writing, much better writing - and less gratuitous sexual imagery we might have something to work with.this movie should have been shot, made and marketed a hardcore porn movie all along; it would have made more money. it practically is a hardcore porn film already, and it remains the only non-porn movie i've seen that shows a male erect penis.

in the standard view, this is a purely awful movie. however, it rates a near perfect score on the unintentional comedy scale. i can think of few actual comedies that make me laugh as hard as i did watching this movie. andy griffith's ghost dressed in native american garb dancing sends me into hysterics everytime. i wouldn't waste the gas or energy driving to the video store to rent it, but if you happen to be laying on the couch at 3 in the morning and it comes on tv, check it out.

too bad chuck norris has gone to tv. he made some good movies before he hit tv. this is a typical tv movie intended to pass the time. unfortunately it wastes chuck's talent as an actor. i hope he returns to the big screen some day.

wow, my first review of this movie was so negative that it was not excepted. i will try to tone this one down. lets be real!!! no one wants to see a chuck norris movie where he is not the main character.there was a good fight scene at the end, but the rest of the movie stank. i have to wonder if old chuck just can't hang with the best any more. has he slowed down so much that he has to turn out junk like this and hope that his reputation will carry him through the entire movie? chuck is an awesome martial artist, and as we have seen from walker, texas ranger, a fairly good actor, but the trick is to combine both of these qualities in his movies, and this one does not. very disappointing for us norris fans. chuck, stay as the main character in your movies, because this does not work for you...gary

***this post contains spoiler(s)*** i'm not a big fan of chuck norris as an actor, but i worship him in all other ways. he also have his own fan web site with "chuck norris facts" that is really entertaining. but this movie looks like someone was joking with the audience putting all those "facts" into one movie. i really don't remember when i wasted my time more than with this "action". i don't know what's the worst this movie can offer you: unoriginal and thousand-times-made plot of terrorists who are trying to nuke us by smuggling nuke on us soil or perhaps that "great" dialogs and chucks words of wisdom about life and everything else. someone may find the worst that terrorists actually speak english in everyday life. it's a never ending list of crap. not to mention huge amount of archive footage used in film, that is kinda annoying. the chief terrorist send his comrades message through the media when he is captured and the only guy smart enough to see the treat is: chuck norris, of course. no one else in america is not smart enough to see that! and the whole action in capturing chief is just ridiculous. one man is sent to walk through a whole terrorist camp unarmed (i'm lying, he had a knife), escapes his stalkers with jet pack and then para glides for few hundred, maybe even thousand kilometers to nearest shore (afganistan border is 450 km far away from nearest shore), where he is rescued by submarine. i hoped that at least fighting scenes will be good, but that's even more funny than the plot. if you didn't know, 85% of terrorist are masters of some martial art, but chuck and co beat the sh*t out of them. not only they kill them easily, they can kick and throw them away by a single move and the bad guys fly few meters like dolls. you may ask me did i watch this movie to the end? i did. why? because i just wanted to see who, of these two super heroes, will defuse the nuclear bomb of few hundred megatons and size of a microwave. and then i realized what fool i am. of course, it's chuck's movie after all. and not only he singlehandedly defuse nuke with tweezers, but he do it - twice!! i could write a book about all the stupid things in this movie, but i would spend my life spawn.so, makers of this movie made another chuck norris fact to be added on his web site: can chuck norris defuse nuclear bomb? yes and he can do it twice!

ok, so, chuck norris somehow found a way to get this sequel produced. i have one question-why? who read this script and said, "sound's great! original!" this movie is regurgitated crap that i wouldn't tarnish my toilet bowel with. of course it is another story, following in the tradition of mia, invasion usa, walker, texas ranger, delta force and so on in which chuck norris, of course, is the one man who can same america from some bad guys. he doesn't even need a gun most times. it's stupid patriotic jargon that stales the mind. big surprise that the only one who will direct these norris film's is chuck's son eric. eric norris has primarily worked on all his father's films and tv shows. doesn't this strike anyone as a sign that he has no directing talent? afterall, he's directing the same people as before in the same stories as before...only difference is the characters' names. if this is supposed to make me patriotic and cheer for the usa, than our country is in much worse shape than i ever imagined. hopefully, this will be the nail in chuck norris's acting coffin.

i saw this movie the first time at about twelve o'clock on a saturday evening. it really is the perfect time for this one. i have never, ever seen a movie that was actually more predictable and drenched with stereotypes. if you want to see a thrilling action movie, don't watch it because you might lose the will to live halfway through. however, if you want a good laugh, please watch it! i even bought the chuck norris 3dvd collection thanks to my enjoyable saturday night. what especially struck me is that évery scene that would be expensive to make was copy-pasted from a discovery documentary or an old tv-special on the us army. furthermore i was amazed by the fact that they didn't put the slightest effort in making the production look real. afghanistan is, as far as i can remember, nowhere near any sea and yet with a single click deke escapes from the terrorists sand-castle with his jet-pack and is taken away by a submarine (probably discovery). later on in the movie, deke throws an islam terrorist against the wall. in the slow motion scene you can beautifully see the long hairs of the korean stuntman flap in the air when smashed against the wall. gotta love it. i recommend you watch it with some friends and a good amount of beer though, only then you'll understand why i've been mad enough to spend 6,99 euro's on the box.

star rating: ***** the works **** just misses the mark *** that little bit in between ** lagging behind * the pits some plutonium's gone missing and some very nasty people now have the means to develop a bomb capable of wholesale destruction- so josh mccord (chuck norris) and his cocky young protégé deke (judson mills, a different actor from the previous film) with the assistance of josh's adopted daughter que (jennifer tung) set out to stop them.this was another film that dealt with terrorism a year after the events of 9/11. filmed in 2001, norris himself even commented afterwards how eerily the plot line to the film resembled what happened in downtown new york that day, so there'd have been those that would have been in the mood for a film where norris and his side-kick kick some terrorist ass if nothing else. other than that, it's as interchangeable as anything norris has ever been in. it makes you wonder what the original did to warrant a sequel in the first place, and whether if this one could get made a president's man 3 might come out sometime soon.if you've seen one norris film, you've really seen them all and there's really nothing new or unexpected that happens with this one, but at least you know what you're getting and, like i said, it might have been just what some needed to let off some steam. **

oh dear, oh dear. i started watching this not knowing what to expect. i couldn't believe what i was seeing. there were times when i thought it was a comedy. i loved how the government's plan to capture the terrorist leader is to air drop in one man, who is unarmed, and expect him to capture him and escape with a rocket pack. if only it were really that easy. i've finally found a movie worse than "plan 9 from outer space".

this is a typical 70's soft core sex romp in the russ meyer genre, though perhaps less outlandish than some of meyer's work. this film has higher 'production values' than many of it's contemporaries, suggesting a larger budget. it's plot, writing and acting are straight out the b zone, though. of late, this film has become a mainstay of b movie channels (such as "drive in classics") in the 500 channel universe. if soft core is what you are in the mood for, this is as "good" as anything else in the b range. don't expect polanski though, sarno is just sarno. nothing more, nothing less. jennifer welles performance as the "mother" is perhaps the best of the cast. none of the actors in the film went on to greater fame, unsurprisingly. confessions of a young american housewife is far from the worst example of it's kind. it is watchable, if this is your type of film. 30 years ago, this would have been an avant garde and riske film. you can see more or less the same kind of thing on showtime/hbo series these days, and in prime time.

you can never have seen either film and still know that the jerk too is a disaster. the question is not, "how did it get made," because if you throw money at anyone and tell them to make a film, they will do so.no. the question is "why, oh why, did steve martin allow it to be made?" i think he needed the money to fight a nuisance lawsuit and was determined it not cost him anything. he knew the sequel was going to be so frightful, that out of pride, he wouldn't even count it's royalties as income. the only way this sequel could not be an embarrassment is to have had carl gottlieb and steve martin revive the nation's favorite poor black family.and "dcreasy2001" (aka mark blankfield?): it's just transparently obvious that you worked on this film in some sad capacity, and the only way you can feel better about your involvement is to be the sequel's lone cheerleader as an imdb user comment. i was praying for you to veer over into satire, but alas, you were really making an effort at spin. why not 10 stars?

i'm going to spend as much time on this review as the writers did on the script. this is easily the worst sequel ever made.they killed navin johnson. not only was mark blankfield's performance god-awful, so was everyone elses!! the physical comedy was forced, flat and predictable. the script seemed to have been written by mongoloid monkeys using the pen names ziggy steinberg and rocco urbisci. how the producers managed to squeeze out such vile cinematic excrement is beyond me. they even managed to make veteran actor ray walston look like a talent-less buffoon. director michael schultz should be ashamed of himself.i want the 96 minutes of my life i spent watching this befouled memory of a brilliant comedy back so i can try and convict everyone involved for this cinematic atrocity.

being a fan of the manga and anime of go nagai (devil man, devil lady, violence jack, etc.), i was looking forward to this one. i'd seen neither the manga nor the anime, so i had no preconceived notions going in. good thing, too. what we have here is a series of silly softcore movies of the type that used to turn up with alarming regularity on cable channels late at night. while it's tame compared to what gets rammed down the throats of regular cable viewers (our hero's naughty bits are either tastefully tucked away behind a strategically glued-on scarf or emblazoned with a ridiculous sunburst effect), there are prolonged scenes of bondage and torture that lend the proceedings just enough smarminess to make it unsuitable for the kiddies. while i have nothing whatsoever against nude female heroes, i do dislike amateurishly made movies (there are at least four in this series). on the plus side, there's at least one stunningly beautiful actress in each of the four episodes i saw. it's no wonder nagai's testicle boy never made it...

this must have been an embarrassment to every member of the entirely african-american cast. every derogatory, disparaging stereotype of the black american community is featured prominently. i won't reinforce the insults by listing them here, except to mention chickens, watermelons, and dice.one good song by ethel waters (and a couple of bad ones), and the fantastic singing and dancing talents of 8-year-old sammy davis bring the total up to something below 1 on the imdb scale.

well, if it weren't for ethel waters and a 7-year-old sammy davis, jr. (here billed without the jr.), rufus jones for president would be one of the worst representations of african-american stereotypes i've seen from the early talkie era and wouldn't have been worth seeing because of that. ms. waters is excellent here singing "am i blue?" and "underneath our harlem moon" while mr. davis shows us how his childhood experience in showbiz prepared him for his superstar status as an adult. he's so good tap-dancing here that for awhile i thought he was a little person with decades of experience. so if you're willing to ignore the negative connotations here, rufus jones for president should provide some good enjoyment. p.s. this marks the fourth time today i've seen and heard the song, "i'll be glad when you're dead you rascal you" performed on film, this time by davis. must have been a very popular song about this time.

i got a copy from the writer of this movie on soulseek. i have to say it is pathetic and just plain painful to watch the two cops act, but i watched the movie as a joke and since it is a homage to august's underground which i happened to have seen it is in my book as an awesome movie. its quality and everything about it is pretty bad but its entertaining and something to talk about amongst your friends. reminds me of troma but good stuff. i recommend seeing this under two conditions, if you are bored and need a good laugh, or high, otherwise just let it be. recommended download for sure. o and the killings are pretty funny. like when the zombie rips the satan worshipers dick off and stabs someone in the head with it.

a bloody maniac with cannibalistic tendencies rapes a woman. he's been shot by two policemen and then he is risen from the grave because of some sort of satanic ceremonial rite preformed by an evil heresy. the hunting of women continues by this zombie-demon. the sacrificed baby returns from the grave and wants the maniac dead again, but only with the help of the police this will come true...a bloody 65-minute mess...horny zombies, doll-babies, s&m, corrupted and twisted policemen, repented heretics who seek refuge in front of jesus christ and three text-screens at the end of the film explaining us what finally happened to the policeman who survived (yes, we ought to know!)... two decent disemboweling shots can't save the situation. i've seen worst horror-flicks, but this one was pretty bad too. recommended only for the die-very-hard fans of the genre.

why do i constantly do this to myself? i mean, really, it's right there in the title - "the incredible melting man". what else would i expect? i have to admit, i'm a sucker for just about anything i come across on the monster hd channel, but the only redeeming feature of this picture would be that truly grotesque makeup job by the legendary rick baker. as for creepy, i'll give the nod to that horny old geezer couple sucking on lemons just before lights out. now they were truly scary.something i could never figure out in horror flicks was why a monster's victims wouldn't simply just run away when faced with virtual annihilation. like the chick in the cabin. you know, there was a door completely visible right there in the kitchen that she could have run right out of at any time. incredible steve-o couldn't muster much more than a brisk walk, so why not just blow right by him? i don't know, maybe i'm missing something. this flick had some of the feel of a 'tales from the crypt' episode, but 'tales' usually had a cool or grotesque twist which often times you didn't see coming. this was one picture that you couldn't quite get a handle on coming or going. for example, in an early scene, you can clearly make out that melting man's eyeball fell out of his head, so how did he manage to get around for the rest of the story? i guess we're not supposed to ask.at eighty four minutes, this picture was about an hour and a half too long. when it was all over, i was ready to take up general perry on his earlier suggestion - "i could really use a drink about now".

no, just kidding. it was god-awful.i was watching my local sci-fi station last night, which plays movies, every night, within a monthly theme. this month it's "space turkeys, or: how i learned to stop worrying and love the bombs". movies so bad, they should never have been made. this was a good selection.everything about this movie is thoroughly horrible with two exceptions, the gore make-up (which showed potential) and the editing (which slightly out did the rest of the movie, in terms of being horrible). the acting is horrible all around, the dialog is horrible, the script, the direction. it's not a good movie.it consists of two forms of special effects, gore and stock footage of space. i'll focus on the gore. watching this movie, i thought to myself, "what was the motivation behind the making of this movie?" people like making stuff, sure, but i was hesitant to think anything good could have come of it for anyone involved. i came to the conclusion that this movie was made as a means to increase the make-up effects guy's demo reel. he (rick baker) actually went on to a pretty nice career, he's worked on star wars (1977), king kong (1976), men in black (1996), and even the incredible shrinking woman (1981), plus a number of other notable flicks. other than that, i can't say i've ever actually seen a real, live melting man - incredible, or otherwise - but i'd have to say this seemed to be a fair representation of one.now, when i think of bad editing, i usually think of maybe a scene where someone's talking on the phone and then, in the middle of the scene, the phone jumps down to his shoulder, or something to that effect. this movie really serves to highlighted the fact that bad editing can take many forms. specifically, over-long and utterly useless scenes. just about every scene dragged on longer than it should have, from a little bit of dead air to that crazy-long screaming scene with cleaver girl. and that severed head in the river, the head gets thrown into a river (in slow motion), the movie carries on for a couple minutes, and then we cut back to the floating head and watch it fall down a waterfall. while i'm sure they were all very proud of their severed head, what the hell??lastly, i'll mention the running fat lady/slow motion scene right near the beginning. the jerky slow motion tells me that they didn't shoot the scene in slow motion originally but later decided that it "wasn't working like that" and then slowed it down. oy vey. in any event, if you should ever see another movie in which a hysterical fat woman runs down a hall and then directly through a closed, glass door - all in slow motion, mind you - remember the incredible melting man, for *this* is where it all started.movies like this are best viewed at home with a bunch of friends. this one's a little slow most of the time but that's just all the more time to come up with your own one-liners. it's not the worst of the worst but it's pretty freaking bad.

many moons ago when i was seven years old, i can vaguely remember seeing a trailer for this movie. it appealed to my naive sense of curiosity and i decided to ask my parents to take me to this movie. being the wise adults that they are, they told me "absolutely not! it's a bunch of trash." of course, i was very disappointed that i would not be the first kid on my block to see the "incredible melting man."little time passed - maybe a couple of days. i forgot about "the incredible melting man" and my disappointment faded. twenty-five years passed until it re-entered the forefront of my thoughts. while surfing through channels on digital cable, i found this long-lost relic of a movie. my curiosity was piqued and i decided to finally partake in this fruit forbidden by my parents. i should have listened to them. the "incredible melting man" is perhaps the worst movie known to man. it makes movies such as "def-con 4, "metalstorm", and "freddie got fingered" look like oscar nominees. i feel violated for wasting almost two hours of my life watching this vile filth. the story was incoherent and the effects were crude even for 1977. how anyone convinced a film company to produce this movie beyond me.don't make the same mistake that i did. listen to your parents if they forbade you to watch this movie. they were right.

this movie wasn't just bad - it was terrible. after i watched it, i actually felt the need to take a shower to get the filth off of me. there is running 'gag' with an elderly couple making out, it is not funny, but it is disgusting. the monster make up was cool, but that is all. the continuity errors alone will have you angry - at least i was. the editing is really poor.almost anything else you could possibly do would be better than spending time watching this movie. even if your group of friends are into 'bad movies' this one is exceptional in its ineptitude, i couldn't even bring myself to laugh at it. you have been warned.

is this a stupid movie? you bet!! i could not find any moment in this film that was creepy or scary. stupid moments? plenty. stupid characters? you bet. bad effects? everywhere! rick baker may have gone and done bigger and better things, this is not one of them. oh well people gotta start somewhere. dr. ted nelson is cheesed. he is the most whiny doctor i've ever seen. he's got a melting man running amok out in ventura county somewhere, he's not overly happy that his wife is pregnant (probably cause she's 55 years old and weighs 90 lbs) and there's no crackers to be found anywhere. plus he's got the not-too-helpful general on his hinder wanting to find astronaut steve. and the local sheriff wants to know what's going on even though mr. nelson can't tell him anything. there also some random characters thrown in for good measure who encounter the melting man. eventually the movie ends and out monster gets scooped into a trash can to become compost. in the end it's just what you need for a great mst episode.

i managed to grab a viewing of this with the aid of mst3k, and oh boy, even with the riffing this movie was excruciatingly bad. imagine someone whose competence with a camera could be out done by a monkey.the highlights (what little there were) came from the special effects, which were "ok". the acting for the most part was also "ok"; though nothing special, it was of a higher quality than other b-movies i have seen in the past.the rest of this movie is dismally bad, the camera work often looks like they've just put the camera man on roller skates and pushed him along. the story (if it can be called that) is so full of holes it's almost funny, it never really explains why the hell he survived in the first place, or needs human flesh in order to survive. the script is poorly written and the dialogue verges on just plane stupid. the climax to movie (if there is one) is absolutely laughable.if you can't find the mst3k version, avoid this at all costs.

i have begun to melt so i will make this review as short and sweet as possible.there's this astronaut, and he goes up in a spacecraft with two other guys, ya know? except something happens that exposes him to radiation, and then when they come back...well, never mind what happened to the other guys, but our astronaut has begun to melt! no, not just burn up, but melt! like an ice cream cone in july! well ok maybe not that fast, but ya know what i mean.anyway, he gets all red & gooey, and the fact that he's melting makes him really mad. i guess he also checked out the "melting man" handbook because suddenly he knows that in order to keep from totally melting away, he has to eat human flesh, so he starts ripping people apart.there are other characters, but in a movie where a man melts and melts and melts (and melts), do you really need any others? what's important is who will he munch next, and what will be left of them? how long will it take for him to just melt away to nothing? why was this movie made in the first place? where did they get the money? when will you fall asleep while watching it?i've very nearly melted, but i still have enough time left to tell you that this movie is dreadfully boring, even though the idea is really cool and kind of gross. the makeup is neat but everything else is...splat

i have always wanted to see this because i love cheesy horror movies and with a title like this, i was sure "the incredible melting man" would be a lot of fun.it really wasn't. i mean, the acting was entertainingly bad, the script contained some classic bad lines and the special effects looked like someone had sneezed all over the lead actor, so i should have loved it. unfortunately it's really draggy between these highlights. i decided to watch the last half of the movie while doing my tax return. that's how boring this film is.nevertheless, if you love bad movies you will enjoy the dramatic exit of the fat nurse, and the stellar acting of the guy who plays dr. ted. to be fair to the poor man, he does have to deliver some amazingly inept lines with straight face - like the conversation he has with his wife on tracking down the i m man:"i'll find him with a geiger counter." "is he radioactive?" "just a little bit." yes, the plot has dr. ted wandering about trying to find a superstrong zombie killing machine armed only with what looks like a mini-dyson. he's a brave man. unfortunately his plan fails when he finds a big lot of goop on a tree. "oh god - it's his ear!" says dr. ted to the audience. i'm so glad he cleared that up. i realise i'm making this movie sound rather fun. it would be if it were only 10 minutes long, but unfortunately it goes on and on, and the incredible melting dude just dangles about making a sticky mess when he should be eating more people in my opinion. i think if you were truly stoned you would probably love it, just don't have pop-tarts during the movie, because the lead actor really does resemble one near the end.

a truly unpleasant film. while rick baker's special effects are quite impressive (if stomach-turning), it has no other redeeming features. like many 70s movies, it leaves you feeling as if you need to take a long shower, and scrub the slime off of yourself. the characters are uniformly unpleasant, and plot makes no sense.

i think that my favorite part of this movie, the one that exemplifies the sheer pointless, stupidity and inanity of the proceedings, comes at the climax of the film. doctor ted nelson and his unmarried friend the sheriff have finally cornered the melting man on a landing on some stairs in an electrical generating plant. keep in mind that nelson has been looking for the mm for nearly the entire film, and that the mm has killed and eaten several people at this point (including his boss), and nelson is very aware that mm is violently insane and hungry for human flesh and blood.so the sheriff has his gun pointed at mm, who is, and i give the movie and rick baker props for this, the most disgusting and terrifying object in human form that we have ever seen. and he yells a very important question to doctor ted nelson: "what do we do now?!?!?" the camera cuts over to doctor ted nelson, and it's obvious that ted has no idea what to do next. apparently ted was so intent on the problem of finding the melting man, he never thought to bring along some restraining devices, a lasso, or straitjacket, or a net, or some tranquilizer darts, or maybe a new age tape by vangelis to soothe the savage beast.so the sheriff panics and shoots, the melting man goes berserk, and hilarity ensues. maybe this explains why nasa has been screwing around with the space shuttle program in sub-lunar space for the last 30 years instead of going back to the moon or out to mars like everyone knows they ought to be doing. i dunno.anyway, that's the kind of lousy, lazy writing and direction that undercuts every aspect of this movie. it's hard to say how good the actors actually are, because the movie has complete contempt for their characters.two other incredibly painful sequences also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings: there is a scene featuring the lumpiest old couple in the world trying to steal lemons from a grove, only to be torn apart by the melting man. this scene is a nadir in 70s cinema. i can guarantee you've never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking people in your entire life. and the melting man's assault on the lady who lives in the house where they keep a horse who pees on the walls defies every attempt to process it.(btw, i think famous film director jonathon demme has a walk-on in this scene as the redneck husband who goes in first to check on the house and never comes out again). the only thing that keeps the actress from literally chewing the scenery is that, as i said, their horse has apparently been peeing on it. and we are forced to watch her hysterics for at least two minutes longer than any sane film director would hold the shot. burr debenning ought to beat the crap out of imm's director and photographer. i remember him from an old columbo episode where he looked much better than he does here - no one's idea of a leading man, but solid and unobtrusive. but no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life as his director makes him look here. everyone else comes off a little better except for the old couple (and shut up, i know they were being played for laughs, but i ain't laughing!) but not much. this definitely falls into the 'so bad you can't look away' category of cinema disasters. still, i'd watch it again before i'd watch a lot of other 70's and 80's abortions ( "track of the moonbeast" and "it lives by night" come to mind), and mst's coverage of it is great fun, so if you get a chance, watch the mst version.

want to watch a scary horror film? then steer clear of this one. there's not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable.however, there is enough scotch. single-malt, if you can manage it.if the previous comments weren't enough to keep you from watching this film sober, allow me to assist. nasa sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit saturn. a really big solar flare causes colonel steve west to bleed from the nose. things go downhill from there, and wackiness ensues.i actually read the book adaptation, which was published and released only in the uk. miles better than the film, and the book was dreadful. at least some pretense is made towards suspense, and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author's (rhymes with 'gas').not to say that the film is completely without merit. rick baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film, and jonathan demme found that he's really better suited to direct.yes, there is an mst3k episode featuring this flick, but it is, of course, edited quite a bit. without the obligatory flashing of the breasts, not even the healing power of scotch can save you.please, just go watch raiders of the lost ark if you want to see a guy melt. see space cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts. i can not, in all good conscience, recommend this film to the sober film-going public.

i was thinking that the main character, the astronaut with the bad case of the runs(in his case, his skin, hair, muscles, etc) could always get more movie work after he'd been reduced to a puddle. all he has to do is get a job as the blob. the premise of this flick is pretty lame. an astronaut gets exposed to sunspot radiation(i think), and so begins to act like an ice cream cone on a hot day. not only is this a puzzler, but apparently he has to kill humans and consume their flesh so that he can maintain some kind of cell integrity. huh? have you ever noticed that whenever any kind of radiation accident or experiment happens, the person instantly turns into a killing machine? why is that?the astronaut lumbers off into the night from the 'secret facility'(which has no security whatsoever), shedding parts of himself as he goes. apparently he retains just enough memory to make him head for the launch pad, maybe because he wanted to return to space. thus begins the part of the movie that's pretty much filler, with a doctor wandering around with a geiger counter, trying to find the melting man by the buzz he gives off. he kills a stupid bill gates look-alike fisherman, scares a little girl a la the frankenstein monster movie, and finishes off a wacky older couple(punishing them karmically for stealing some lemons). then there's a short scene where he whacks his former general, and a very long scene where he kills a young pothead and chases his girlfriend around. you'd think that after she cuts his arm off and he run away, the scene would shift. but no...we're treated to about ten minutes of the woman huddled into a corner panting and screaming in terror, even though the monster is gone. all i could think was..director's girlfriend, anyone?the end of the movie is even lamer than the rest of it. the melting man finishes turning into a pile of goo, and then...nothing. that's it. that's the end of the movie. well, at least that meant that there was no room for a sequel.

the incredible melting man plays like an extended episode of the six million dollar man, but with violence and some nudity. i know this film is a bit crummy but i found it impossible not to kind of like it.the acting and script are not the best. but the effects are good for a 30 year old movie with a budget of $50 - the title character takes quite a while to actually melt but when he does it's reasonably impressive; we also have one inventive death scene involving electrocution. of note too is the music, it's insane - a cheese-tastic medley of nonsense.notable highlights: * marvel at the slow-motion nurse who jumps through a pane of glass for absolutely no reason whatsoever.* be amazed by a day in the life of a severed head.* beware of the psychotic cannibalistic melting humanoid. called steve.* be astonished when our hero takes a break from hunting the melting lunatic to have a bowl of soup and complain about insufficient crackers in the kitchen.this film is just too 70's for me to hate it. it's tacky and trashy but i thought it was a lot of fun. you could do a lot worse.

once upon a time some evil people made a movie about a guy that got shot into space, supposedly to go to saturn, but really only to some stock footage of solar flares, and then he gets a nose bleed, and before you know it, he's laying in a hospital bandaged head to foot, and then an overweight nurse with an ill-fitting uniform comes in and gets eaten by the guy, whose supposed to be melting all over the place but never seems to lose any mass, and then nasa, or at least one guy at nasa, gets upset about it and calls one other guy in to hunt him down, but the guy they sent to hunt the melting guy has to go home and have soup first, and his oddly-shaped wife forgot the crackers, so he can't have crackers, and then he has to go out and look for the melting guy with a geiger counter, and that doesn't really work, so he really only follows the trail of half-eaten corpses, and then there's something about a sheriff, and two ugly old people in a lemon grove, and a women with a meat cleaver, and some kind of industrial plant with trigger-happy security guards, and since i can't tell you how the movies ends, all i can say is jonathan demme is in it somewhere with some guy with the stupid name of burr debenning, and if there's any justice in the world everyone connected with this movie died a hideous, violent death and was unable to make more movies, and the world lived happily ever after - the end!

well. astronaut steve west sits in a plastic space capsule, commenting that "you haven't lived until you've seen the sun through the rings of saturn", all the while the obvious mid-day sunlight is streaming through the window, when suddenly he has a nose bleed. next, west is back home in some secret hospital, a melting gelatinous mass who goes berserk and causes a chunky nurse to run through a fake glass door. apparently, west "gets stronger as he melts", which makes about as much sense as anything in this hopelessly purile, adle-brained moovie. then this dopey "army brass", who looks kind of like coleman francis (director of many bad moovies) tries to cover the info up, but goo man runs around killing everyone he sees because he is melting. he attacks a bickering old couple because he is melting. he makes one terrible actress scream and moan helplessly for about 10 minutes because he is melting. he is melting because he is melting. the fx by the slumming rick baker are supposed to be the star here, but they just look hokey. the film is poorly shot and everything looks so dark and muddled that it's very difficult making out what's what - not that it would help any. moocow says who cut the cheese with this one?? :=8p ps - "didn't you get any crackers?"

labored comedy has i.r.s. agent tony randall investigating eccentric farm family in maryland who have never paid their taxes; debbie reynolds is the tomboy farmer's daughter who puts the squeeze on the not-so-disinterested tax-man. debbie certainly made her share of inferior theatrical sitcoms during this period--and this one's no better or worse than the rest. picture begins brightly but flags at the halfway point, becoming frantic and witless. randall isn't a bad match for reynolds, but the vehicle itself defeats the chemistry. based on the novel "the darling buds of may" by h.e. bates, with a poor sound-mix causing all the actors to sound as if they're stuck in an echo chamber. ** from ****

i am terribly sorry, i know that faßbinder still is called one of the greatest directors in post-war germany and that most of his films are considered "master-pieces", but when i see "lili marleen" today, in 2004, i wonder what everyone is up and away about this movie! the acting is simply terrible - hanna schygulla is all the smiling like an idiot! -, the changings between nazi-glamour and battlefields are ridiculous, the whole film looks as if it was made within two days in an attic. probably it was exactly that way and many people seem to take this for "real art", but for me this movie is simply bad & cheap. compare this to viscontis "la caduta degli dei" and tell me again that "lili marleen" is a good movie...

where do i start? per the title of this film i expected some degree of authenticity, in the end i was severally let down. this is not the story of lale andersen or the song lili marlene, rather it is a hollywood (or pick your film making hub) story loosely based on some real life characters. i should have had a clue when i heard a heavy english accent giving the intro to the movie in german; the blood red text (title, artists) should have been the 2nd clue. the story line is contrived (lale was not tricked out of switzerland rolf liebermann's parents, there is no info that liebermann helped smuggle jews from germany, the original song had been recorded outside of the control of the ns regime not while under control, the record played at the station was picked up in vienna while a lt. was there on leave, etc, etc) the costumes are poor and incorrect for the time frames (ss black uniforms used every where from border guards to staff positions, these went away from daily use once the war started, etc), the characters are stereo types (sa bullies in a club once they were essentially out of power). don't waste your time.

as someone who has read the book, i can say that this is vastly inferior to the big american version starring gwyneth paltrow. there are various reasons for this. firstly, emma is too unpleasant. yes, she has faults, and isn't the easiest person to like - but the viewer shouldn't downright start to despise her. secondly, mr knightly is miscast. his brooding and melancholy in this version are better suited to a bronte or gaskell adaptation than austen, and throw the mood of the whole affair "off". thirdly, samantha morton is too strong an actress to be relegated to the role of harriet; and why was she made to look so sickly? harriet is supposed to be blonde and blooming - not to look as if she's going to be carried off by consumption in the next scene. fourthly, the structure has been mucked up and scenes cut. at the end, when emma decides she loves mr knightly, it comes across as utterly baffling because this narrative hasn't been adequately shown and carried along throughout the film. fifthly, what was going on, exactly, with mrs elton's accent? she went from sounding like an american actress trying to suppress her own accent at the beginning, to all out american half-way through, and then back to english at the end. finally, this dragged at the end. the book and the big film version end with the wedding of emma and mr knightly. this version drags on confusingly after the announcement of the wedding without actually showing us the ceremony.all in all, a rather haphazard attempt. read the book or rent the paltrow version instead

the script is nice.though the casting is absolutely non-watchable.no style. the costumes do not look like some from the high highbury society. comparing gwyneth paltrow with kate beckinsale i can only say that ms. beckinsale speaks british english better than ms. paltrow, though in ms. paltrow's acting lies the very nature of emma woodhouse. mr. northam undoubtedly is the best mr. knightley of all versions, he is romantic and not at all sharp-looking and unfeeling like mr. knightley in the tv-version. p.s.the spectator cannot see at all mr. elton-ms. smith relationship's development as it was in the motion version, so one cannot understand where was all emma's trying of make a elton-smith match (besides of the portrait).

this is indeed a god adaptation of jane austen's novel. compared with the american version with guinneth paltrow, the script was written to resemble as much as possible the book. but the acting was awful. besides kate beckinsale, who i believe was a true likeness of the emma in the book, all the other actors were trying too hard. mark strong was not the "gentleman" he was supposed to be. he was often rude and offensive, had no feeling whatsoever, and throughout the entire film you could not see his love "growing" for emma at all. this had a terrible effect on kate beckinsale, who seemed to be trying to "resque" her leading role as well as her partner's. moreover, there was no chemistry between the entire cast. hariett smith, played by samantha morton, seemed to have no real attachment to mr. elton, played by dominic rowan. therefore, she did not seem as heartbroken as she was portrayed in the book. the settings of the film are also too poor. the costumes are even more so. i would have imagined emma woodhouse to dress in a more fashionable and elegant way that she does here. the ending is also too long. it is good that it resembles the book's ending, but it is a killer ending for a film. and again, i can see no feeling of happiness in the face of mr.knightley. to conclude, i believed this adaptation to be loyal to the book, but with poor actors. it seemed as if the film was made without any budget at all. i would prefer to see the "lighter" version with paltrow and northam, even if it is clear that it was made to be a "blockbuster", than to watch these actors (excepting the good olivia williams and the better kate beckinsale) ruin the entire script.

emma is my favourite jane austen novel - emma is well-meaning despite her flaws, so readers can forgive and love her, and the relationship she has with mr knightley, which is warm, familiar, respectful but playful, generating that warm, fuzzy, romantic excitement. mr knightley is the perfect man, and emma is as close as you could get in those times to an independent, clever, confident woman - remember, she is only 21, and was sure to have matured and grown out of her flaws. who doesn't want to be emma? who doesn't want to be told off by mr knightley? this version of emma gives you no sense of the things that i love about emma. i couldn't even finish watching it, i just found it so awful. i couldn't see that warm, generous side of emma, which drives the reader to love her: the patience and warmth she shows to her father; the closeness between her and mrs weston, which demonstrates her willingness to put her friend's happiness above her own (as she sacrifices the only equal companion in her household by forwarding miss taylors marriage). mr woodhouse's character in this adaptation just appears bizarre, rather than just quaint, elderly and a bit trying.this adaptation most importantly fails bring to life the relationship between mr knightley and emma. their relationship is built on mutual respect and affection: mr knightley is indulgent of emma's minor faults trusting that her intelligence and genuine care for others will never allow her to go terribly astray; and emma looks up to him, though playfully hiding this and continuing to use her own judgement. the dressing down he gives her right at the beginning of the show completely overstates the argument between them, and ruins all possibility of portraying the nature of their relationship as i've described above. mr knightley is also insufficiently attractive to bring to life the sexual tension between the leads (or to inspire any admiration from the female viewers).really horrible. i can't understand why anyone who truly like the novel emma could like it, unless it miraculously redeems itself after the point i switched it off.

i confess--emma, in my opinion, is the single greatest novel ever written. it is as close to perfection as any mortal creation can be. jane austen reaches the pinnacle of her art here.unfortunately, this is at best a palimpsest.comparison to the gwyneth paltrow version is inevitable--that version is far more faithful to the witty spirit of the book and far more enjoyable to watch.there are some good elements here--kate berkinsale (having previously played flora poste in cold comfort farm, clearly emma's smarter spiritual twin) is a wonderful emma. raymond coulthard makes an appropriately decorative frank churchill. the production is handsome, but the interiors are far too dark.however, there are several major problems. the first is mark strong--first of all, he doesn't look right for mr. knightley. this is perhaps because he plays the role like a censorious victorian parson. it's badly out of tune.the second problem is one of length. simply put, the film is much too short--to get the right kind of feel, it would need to be twice as long.finally, and most significantly, there is the quality of the adaptation. austen is an adapter's dream--all the dialogue is there already. it only needs to be pruned down and arranged properly. andrew davies seems to think otherwise. first, this is a rather gloomy film, and the last thing emma should be is gloomy. more significantly, davies has seen fit to rewrite the ending as some sort of bucolic feast. what planet, or minor work of thomas hardy, is this come from? it is utterly out of the style and spirit of the novel. and i believe that it is hugely presumptuous to try to make improvements upon--perfection.watch the paltrow version, or watch kate in cold comfort farm.

forget plan 9, this is the ultimate fiasco, a costume drama, ineptly directed, scripted, acted, etc. this film is based on isabel allende's not-so-much-better novel. i hate meryl streep and antonio banderas (in non-spanish films), and the other actors, including winona, my favourite actress and jeremy irons try hard to get over such a terrible script. plenty of mistakes (like, for example, since when does it snow in xmas in chile?) and very cruel, with tons of that evil named "magic realism", this stands out as the worst movie of all time. it totally sucks!!!

i managed to sneak away one night and go to the movie theater to see this one, thinking i was in for a treat. boy, was i wrong. considering the talent involved, this has to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen. everyone in it was miscast, and i find it incredible to read on this site that there are people out there who actually liked it.

i'm glad i rented this movie for one reason: its shortcomings made me want to read allende's book and get the full story. pros: the movie is beautiful, the period is depicted well and consistently (to the best of my knowledge), and meryl and glenn do good jobs.cons: this is the worst acting job i've ever seen from jeremy irons--i kept wondering if something was wrong with his mouth. (and i hate the terribly english way he says "transito.") winona ryder does nothing believable except look young and idealistic. most of the other performances are ok, but so few things hang together in the character arcs and the relationship development that i was frustrated and angry well before the end. i'm very curious now whether this movie is typical of bille august's work. i may have to drop another couple of bucks to rent smilla's sense of snow.

there's enough star power in the house of spirits to create another galaxy, yet the final product is pretty debatable. the film and its messages are very noble, and i think perhaps most would agree with them. (liberal democracy good, violent fascist regime bad; open-mindedness good, racism bad, etc). unfortunately, we're battered from head to toe with these, and as much subtlety is used as i've described them. ultimately, we are left watching very noble people without any flaws squaring off with nasty cretins who have no redeeming qualities. it radiates with all the suspense of a badly orchestrated "pro" wrestling match.jeremy irons plays the patron, a man of many contradictions. meryl streep as his gifted bride and glenn close, as her sister in law. when the camera stays with these folks, the movie tends to move, and is quite enjoyable. unfortunately, the house of spirits engages with simply way too many subplots, and characters pop up and out of the picture like shooting gallery targets. we don't get to know them, hence we don't get to care for them. the result is boredom. if bille august, the director and screenwriter (from isabel allende's book) had either lengthened the film or snipped a few characters, this film might have worked completely. as it stands, it was a nice try, with nice messages, and a bonecrushing yawnfest.not recommended.

when i found out there was a movie that had both my favorite actresses meryl streep and wynona ryder, i went through the roof!but i had a hard fall after watching this lame movie and i still have the bruise.first of all the character that jeremy irons (an actor i still admire even after this disappointment)plays was just awful. he treated his family like crap, especially his sister, played by glenn close. i could not get close or sympathize with any of the characters and i'm no prude, but the sex scenes were really unnecessary or they could have been toned down. wynona and antonio's characters could have been developed a lot more and their romance could have been much more passionate. and what was with meryl's character and her "mystical powers"? why didn't they go into this more? this film had a lot of dead ends and the bottom line is that this is a really lousy movie and there was a lot of wasted talent here.

isabel allende's magical, lyrical novel about three generations of an aristocratic south american family was vandalized. the lumbering oaf of a movie that resulted--largely due to a magnificent cast of anglo actors completely unable to carry off the evasive latin mellifluousness of allende's characters, and a plodding scandinavian directorial hand--was so uncomfortable in its own skin that i returned to the theater a second time to make certain i had not missed something vital that might change my opinion. to my disappointment, i had not missed a thing. none among meryl streep, jeremy irons, glenn close and vanessa redgrave could wiggle free of the trap set for them by director bille august. all of them looked perfectly stiff and resigned, as if, by putting forth as little effort as possible, they expected to fade unnoticed into lovely period sets. (yes, the film was art directed within an inch of its life.) curious that the production designer was permitted the gaffe of placing kfc products prominently in a scene that occurs circa 1970--years before kfc came into being. back then, it was known by its original name: kentucky fried chicken. even pardoning that, what on earth is kentucky fried chicken doing in a military dictatorship in south america in 1970? american fast food chains did not hit south america until the early 1980s. "the house of the spirits" should have been the motion picture event of 1993. because it was so club-footed and slavishly faithful to its vague idea of what the novel represented, miramax had to market it as an art film. as a result, it was neither event nor art. and for that, isabel allende should have pressed charges for rape.

i regret that i've seen this movie. can't believe that the creator of best intentions and pelle the conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film. what a waste!

i do agree with everything calamine has said! and i don't always agree with people, but what calamine has said is very true, it is time for the girls to move on to better roles. i would like to see them succeed very much as they were a very inspirational pair growing up and i would like to see them grow as people, actresses and in their career as well as their personal life. so producers, please give the girls a chance to develop something that goes off the tangent a bit, move them into a new direction that recognises them individually and their talents in many facets. this movie that is being commented is not too bad, but as i have seen further on in their movies, their movies stay the same of typical plot and typography. when in rome is good for audiences of younger generation but the adults who were kids when the twins were babies want to follow the twins in their successes and so hence i think we adults would like to see them make movies of different kinds, maybe some that are like the sixth sense, the hour, chocolat, that sort of movie - not saying to have just serious movies for them, humour ones too yes, but rather see them in different roles to what they have been playing in their more recent movies like this one and new york minute. (note: i am from australia so excuse my weird spelling like reognise with the s instead of z)

1st watched 12/7/2002 - 3 out of 10(dir-steve purcell): typical mary kate & ashley fare with a few more kisses. it looks to me like the girls are getting pretty tired of this stuff and it will be interesting what happens to them if they ever decide to split up and go there own ways. in this episode of their adventures they are interns in rome for a `fashion' designer who puts them right into the mailroom to learn what working hard is all about(i guess..). besides the typical flirtations with boys there is nothing much else except the rome scenario until about ¾ way into the movie when it's finally revealed why they are getting fired, then re-hired, then fired again, then re-hired again. this is definetly made by people who don't understand the corporate world and it shows in their interpretation of it. maybe the real world will be their next adventure(if there is one.). even my kids didn't seem to care for this boring `adventure' in the make-believe. let's see they probably only have a couple of years till their legal adults. we'll see what happens then.

the plot was dull, the girls were sickening and the supposed italian male lead had clearly never heard an italian accent.someone said the boys were cute in this film but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people. there were literally no redeeming features about this film.i think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again, with the unfortunate exception of the olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason.i hope the olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business. they have no place in it.

identical twin sisters mary-kate and ashley olsen climbed to fame in sitcoms like "two of a kind", i had never seen them in anything before, but i had an idea of what to expect, but it was much worse. basically the hunter sisters charli (mary-kate) and leila (ashley) are in rome for a summer intern program, but not long after starting their jobs they are immediately fired for a series of mishaps. but the man who owns the company they are working in, derek hammond (julian stone), gives them their jobs back, and they they do slowly prove themselves useful assets, and talented (fashion) artists, and help stop a mean man taking over the company. also starring leslie danon as jami, derek lee nixon as ryan, ilenia lazzarin as dari, archie kao as nobu, valentina mattolini as heidi, michelangelo tommaso as paolo and matt patresi as enrico tortoni. you can tell that this film was made to go straight to video, the camera-work is completely mismatched, and it doesn't help when you want to admire the sights of rome. in fact the background is the only good thing to watch, the twin sisters are two of the most annoying celebrities around, i knew before watching that they weren't going to interest me in any way (their not even that pretty), this is awful gush of rubbish film. pretty poor!

when in rome is a definite improvement on getting there. getting there i found too predictable, contrived and slow, and to this day i still consider it as the olsen twins' worst. however, while when in rome isn't a terrible movie, it's not a great one either. if i had to sum it up in one word, i would say passable. it is good fun for teenagers, but i think adults won't find much to go on.when in rome does have its good points. mary kate and ashley olsen are actually quite decent actresses, certainly very pretty as well. i will admit when i was 10 or so, i really liked them, and in general i kind of like them still. and i have enjoyed some of their movies like passport to paris and new york minute. back on target, both girls don't do that bad a job, in fact they are very appealing. plus their outfits are to die for, and the scenery of rome is absolutely breathtaking. the soundtrack ain't half bad either.however, where the film is brought down is in the plot and the script. the script is on the most part clichéd and has hints of deja vu. the plot, like most of the mary kate and ashley movies, is very predictable, and anyone familiar with any other of the olsen twins' work, will find some rather unoriginal elements to it. most of the characters are cardboard thin, and you don't learn very much about them, and sometimes the pace is uneven. sadly, the breathtaking scenery is spoilt by rather slapdash camera work, that looked rushed constantly.all in all, does have its good points, and certainly watchable. however, for my taste, it is harmless and predictable teenage fluff. 4/10 bethany cox

ok, this has got 2 be one of the worst excuses 4 a movie that i have ever had the misfortune of watching. like all other olsen twins movies with the possible exception of new york minute , this film had no story, gaping plot holes,disgustingly putrid acting and bad filming even!!!!!!!!! in case you haven't guessed yet i hate mary kate and ashley!!!!!! the only reason i watched this was because i was really bored and nothing else was on. i wonder if the twins will ever stop making the same stereotypical movies where they have an unbelievably stupid adventure in an exotic location and save the day meanwhile getting the help of two cute guys who drool over them immediately. the least they could would be to have a guy 4 1 of them or have them both falling 4 the same guy. the plot in this story was so imbecilic and just plain dumb. even a toddler could see the flaws in it.maybe they should split up and start making films individually or maybe films with a different kind of story. anyone who liked this movie was no offense-either really stupid, really artificial or has not seen any really good movie. or maybe they are really smart and just have bad cinematic choices. either way i would not recommend this movie to my worst nemesis for a good movie experience.. the only thing it is good 4 is some rib splitting laughter at the pathetic attempts to be cool. if you watch for laughs it's hilarious. basically i give it 0 or less.

no ,i'm not kidding. if they ever propose a movie idea, they should be kicked out of the studio. i'm serious. their movies are exactly the same in every one, and they only consist of traveling to foreign locations, having a problem which they easily resolve, hoping to be popular, and getting new boyfriends. think about it. if you have ever seen a movie starring them with a different plot, contact me and tell me its name. these "movies" are poor excuses to be on tv and go to other countries. there is a reason that the movies never go to theaters. i'm sure that when they were really young and made some o.k. movies, some studio boss bought all their rights for 15 years, or something, so that now that they're, what, 17, they can make movies in other countries whenever they want using the studio's money. let me advise you, stay away from mary-kate and ashley! it's for your own good!

how could 4 out of 16 prior voters give this movie a 10? how could more than half the prior voters give it a 7 or higher? who is voting here? i can only assume it is primarily kids -- very young kids. the fact is that this is a bad movie in every way. the story is stupid; the acting is hard to even think of as acting; the characters are characterless; and the dialogue is terrible. i saw this one rainy afternoon on the sci-fi channel. in the sad event that it is ever rebroadcast, i suggest you read a book instead.

after seeing midnight offerings i am still convinced that the first decent movie about (teenage) witches yet has to be made. i didn't think much of the craft and i'm not into charmed either. the only film i more or less enjoyed (about teenage witches) was little witches (1996), and even that one wasn't very good. but changes are that if you liked all the aforementioned movies, you will also enjoy midnight offerings.i was expecting a silly and cheesy early 80's movie about teenage witches in high school. but i was rather surprised that this whole movie plays it rather serious. the acting is decent and serious all the time. no jokes are being played by teenagers or something. and the musical score, at first, i thought was pretty good. it added some scariness and also something 'classy', with the use of threatening violins and all. but as the movie progressed i came to the conclusion that the score was just too ambitious. they didn't have to add those threatening violins when you simply see someone back up a car and then drive away at normal speed.then there's melissa sue anderson, who was the main reason for me to see this movie. a few weeks ago, i saw her in happy birthday to me, a rather enjoyable, thick-plotted (and goofy on some occasions) slasher-movie which she had done in the same year as midnight offerings. and i must say, she was very good as the icy-cold bad witch vivian. but the main problem with the movie is: almost nothing happens! vivian causes a death and an accident, yes, but that's it. then there's robin, the good witch, who is just learning about her powers. and we expect the two of them using their powers more than once, but at only one occasion they use their powers to make some pieces of wood and other stuff fly through the air as projectiles. that was supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches? and what's worse, i was hoping to see a spectacular show-down between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects, flaming eyes or whatever... but nothing happens. there is sort of a confrontation in the end, but it's a big disappointment.so, the acting of the two witches was good. the musical score was decent (even though overly ambitious). and the cinematography was rather dark and moody at times. but that doesn't make a good movie yet, does it?

cheap, amateurish, unimaginative, exploitative... but don't think it'll have redeeming amusement value. about as unentertaining, uninstructive and just plain dull as a film can be.

misty ayers had a smoking body, and that's all this movie was about. pure exploitation flick. i started playing a game with myself, counting the number of times they looped the stock orchestral music. and of course the music is completely unrelated to the scenes. case in point: casually walking into a room and saying "hello" was scored with chase music from a roman epic. i'd like to know why this film sat on the shelf for 11 years before being released. what i learned from this movie: that women's low-rise panties existed in 1954. i'm talking sigourney weaver in the original alien movie panties. at least 20 of the first 30 minutes is misty leisurely taking off and putting on her clothing (except for bra and panties, sadly). also includes horrendous dubbing, leading to a "look out! godzirra!" effect.

obviously made to show famous 1950s stripper misty ayers "acting" talents. too bad she can't act.boring little tale about sweet, innocent sally down (ayers) being drugged and forced into white slavery (prostitution). then she meets likable tommy cole who instantly falls in love with her. he wants to help her escape but can he? you really won't care.there's no real skin here--ayers just strips down slowly to her underwear (twice). the rest is just a boring little tale chockful of bad acting, atrocious "comedy" (never thought prostitution was funny but what do i know?) and terrible post-dubbed dialogue. i admit there was a twist at the end i didn't see coming but that's not enough to sit through this. also ayers' attempts at acting are hysterical! a real bomb. avoid.

letting the class watch this in english was a bad idea. films that are serious and more educational can have an effect, but it appears this one didn't have any effect whatsoever on the class - whenever the teacher left, conversations quickly started - and i didn't hear the words "shakespeare" or "tempest" being used at all. and when you look at this, it is easy to see why. the acting is nothing special - everyone seems bored to bits, just reading from the page without a care in the world. shakespeare always did prefer expository dialogue to action and death, but i just couldn't understand a word anyone was saying. the costumes aren't too bad and neither are the special effects - the class may not have loved the film, but they weren't exactly taking the p*ss either. but it is hard to joke at a film that is devoid of any sort of inspiration or joy. the scenes on the ship at the start of the film weren't too badly done - though the rain looked a bit unrealistic, everything else was done well and good. but where were the severed heads and exploding masts? where was the death? where was the inspiration? the character of ariel would have been taken a lot more seriously had he been wearing clothes - but as all was on show, he was just another excuse for a joke. this film is not in any way appealing to either sex. the women and girls won't have any romance or comedy to enjoy, and there is an abundance of naked men and lack of action or death that will put most men and boys off. the tempest wasn't badly done, but this felt like something the producers had to make, not something they wanted to make. and the general boredom and lack of inspiration show. 3/10

truly awful film made by cinematographer-turned-director ted tetzlaff. decent enough looking film but for a time-bomb movie totally devoid of any tension whatsoever. ford, as someone put it here, sleepwalks though this one with his characteristic smirk. there are some details thrown around- canadian ex-army or raf, defused bombs in the war, his wife is leaving him- but none of these back stories add up to much. the bomber himself is a complete mystery. why is he trying to blow up this shipment of mines? for that matter, what time period are we talking about here? wwii or postwar?? i assumed the latter which makes bomber's motive even more salient. generally, though, just a horrible film. there are plenty of good time-bomb flicks to skip this one. watch any episode of "danger uxb" for a more exciting time, at about the same running time.

this british film is truly awful, and it's hard to believe that glenn ford is in it, although he pretty much sleepwalks through it. the idea of a bomb on a train sounds good...but it turns out this train ends up parked for the majority of the film! no action, no movement, just a static train. the area where the train is parked is evacuated, so it's not like there's any danger to anyone either. in fact, this film could be used in a film class to show how not to make a suspense film. true suspense is generated by letting the audience know things that the characters don't, a fact apparently unknown to the director. spoiler: the train actually has two bombs on it, but we are led to believe there is only one. after the first bomb is defused, it feels as if there is no longer a reason to watch the film any more. but at the last minute, the villain, who has no apparent motivation for his actions, reveals there are two. nor are we certain when the bombs will go off, so we don't even have a classic "ticking bomb" tension sequence. a good 10 minutes or more are spent watching glenn ford's french wife thinking about leaving him, and then wondering where he is . she's such an annoying character that we don't care whether she reconciles with him, so when she does, there's nothing emotional about it. most of the other characters are fairly devoid of personality, and none have any problems or issues. it's only 72 minutes, but it feels long because it's tedious and dull. don't waste your time.

for such a great classic tale, the setting (location), grendel was disappointing. as a writer, i blame the script which completely lacked dramatic tension. the rubric of the club story is useful and would have provided a new take on the literary classic. for some weird reason that rubric was dropped early on. to know this was shot in 21 days says to me, "rushed" and it unfortunately shows. now we'll have to wait for the hollywood version on the big screen. i word on fx, i can tolerate really crappy cgi but the script has to rock and this one was just too slow, spartan and lacking in drama. i'd blame it on the actors but... since i know writing more than acting, i'll pick on my colleague.

i understand this movie was made on a very low budget but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is grendel. deathstalker, the throne of fire, barbarian queen, conquest, the invincible barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor. the primitive costumes, dark castles and beautiful bulgarian landscape gave grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film, but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor cgi effects and colorless characters. compare this film to beowulf (1999). it may not be citizen kane but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci-fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters.

scifi has been having some extremely bad luck making quality movies lately (such as minotaur or dog soldiers). grendel is supposed to be based of the great epic beowulf, however, it deviates so much (and offers so little in comparison) that the advertisements on television might as well have titled it 'some shitty christopher lambert movie'. i wasn't expecting it to be as accurate as a full blown hollywood production, but i did however expect the 'artistic integrity' to not interfere with the actual story (even if a little bit was changed to make a two hour storyboard flow nicely in the allotted time slots).did the director and producers have any idea about what they were doing (did any research go into this?). obviously not, as one could tell from the massive horned helmets that beowulf and his crew (save for mullet boy) are wearing. one major problem i have though was with the very look of grendel…if beowulf is supposed to wrestle him, shouldn't he not have been sixteen feet tall and weigh 2 tons? grendel's death segment was also lacking in every way – in my opinion the one in the epic was actually better than the made up junk on the script; for example: grendel is supposed to have his arm ripped out from the socket by beowulf – not cut off at the forearm after he was set on fire by an exploding arrow from a crossbow that looks like it weighs 300lbs! and grendel's mother…did they just combine her with the dragon at the end of the epic where he eventually dies when he succumbs to his wounds? and honestly, what the hell was with that mullet? if you want to see this movie because its connection to the epic….don't, as there really isn't one (other than character names). the only way i could recommend this film is if you liked the movie druids (directed by jacques dorfmann) – although i don't recommend watching either.

i was expecting the movie based on grendel, the book written by john gardner in the late 1970's. it was based on the beowulf epic, but told from the perspective of the monster. whatever you may think of gardner's book, a movie based on the beowulf epic should not be entitled grendel, when it doesn't say anything more about the monster beyond the few pathetic scenes in which the cg monster is shown as nothing more than a modified predator. on top of this, the writers should also be punished for screwing up the original story so badly and contributing to the continued growing ignorance of mass tv audiences throughout the us.typical hollywood to get this so wrong. very disappointing and a complete waste of time.

it was 1 a.m. in the morning and i had nothing else to do. don't judge me... please.we're back in time during the spanish settlements. a group have made their way onto an island. it doesn't take too long before they encounter a large "reptile", which gobbles up their horse. soon they're captured by the natives and in order to gain freedom they must kill the "reptile gods." the cg sucks; it reminds me of the cg of early console video games. the encounters were lame. the only positive thing i have to say about this was the hottie native running around in a skimpy outfit. otherwise it's just a middling effort.

not only do alien visitors look exactly like furry armpitted human woman and not only are alien visitors able to perfectly speak english (with an australian accent) they also call their stars by the same names our earthly astronomers have given them!and topping all that off, all alien life knows just how mean, evil, wasteful and destructive us humans are. and they're quite willing to tell us just how bad that is.if you ever have the chance to see this movie, don't. well, unless you suffer from insomnia or the choices are this movie or exploratory surgery without anesthesia.this movie tries to get a moral, ecological point across but only succeeds in making you yawn and pray it ends soon.

epsilon, a.k.a. alien visitor, is not what i expected. this is a no-budget australian film with no special effects other than speeded-up film and quick scene cuts. the female alien (who comes over immediately able to speak perfectly accented australian) can "blip" from place to place or time to time and alter her perception of the flow of time to match the "faster" humans.an elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story a wandering man told her 40 years before, when an unnamed "she" came to the planet naked and completely disoriented, unable to recognize which star in the sky she came from...she meets a man alone camping in the australian outback, apparently bewildering him. she is here by "mistake", and gets angry when she is told she is on earth. the earthlings are known as consummate despoilers of the environment and a metaphor for the most insulting thing imaginable to the rest of the universe: those who "breathe the foul air" but do nothing about it, sticking their heads under the sand like an ostrich. in another amusing metaphor, earthlings are "frogs".from there, it is entirely a film about dialogue, as the perplexed man tries to understand she's peculiar psychology and viewpoints, even as she calls him unintelligent and "quaint". the man begins to realize maybe it's humans who are irrational and not thinking straight. yet, while waiting to be "beamed up" back home, she sees that this human is not entirely faulty in his thinking and even falls in love with him.the dialogue about perspectives is in spots interesting, but it is all layered with a heavy-handed environmental message and a low-budget feel (there are only two main actors, who blip around various deserted scenes, and the evil despoiling humans on the planet are never seen at all). the environmental message offers no solutions, but paints one or two dire metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something isn't done. the logic also doesn't hang together: the rest of the universe has "given up" on earth, yet one space woman caught on earth by mistake manages to effect some positive change by the conclusion of the movie. what would a battalion of aliens deliberately sent here manage to achieve against pollution and waste?

i just blew four dollars renting this movie! why alliance atlantis would promote such a poor excuse for a film is beyond me. but even more surprising was the reasonably good reviews that a couple of canadian newspaper critics gave this film. i'm tired of our media justifying a film simply because it's canadian and low budget. it's like they expect canadian films to be lousy, so they give it a good review regardless.now about the movie: the acting was below average (with the exception of the lead male character, who was actually pretty good). the film quality was poor, which i guess could be expected from the extremely low budget. the script was absolutely horrendous. an example is the story, which revolves around one of the lead characters, a female drug dealer who flirts with one of her clients so that she can recruit him to fix and steal bicycles for her gang, whose only purpose is to randomly destroy suv's. supposedly many of her gang members' bicycles are destroyed in these activities (i don't know how she can't afford to just buy new ones, since she is supposed to be this big drug dealing connection from vancouver to toronto).anyway, the point of the story (which isn't revealed until well over halfway through the movie) is that the drug dealer plans to firebomb buildings in the toronto area to attempt to make houses more affordable - as no one will want to live in the area.- need i say more.shame on the toronto film festival for accepting such a film, telefilm for supporting it, and the globe and mail and georgia straight newspapers for giving such biased reviews.a film shouldn't get special treatment just because it's canadian!!!!

this film is about a family trying to come to terms with the death of the mother/wife by moving to genova, italy.the plot of "genova" sounds promising, but unfortunately it is empty and without focus. the film only consists of a collection of scenes depicting the daily life of the family, such as swimming, taking piano lessons or cooking eggs. most of such scenes are redundant and tiresome, completely failing to engage viewers emotionally. the ending is very disappointing as it is not spectacular, moving or emotional. i can safely say that i am disappointed and bored by "genova" the only thing good about the film is the sunny weather and the beauty of genova. "genova" can serve as an extended tourism advertisement for the city, but not as a film to be enjoyed.

without reiterating what was said above about this movie, i would like to add that i was looking forward to watching this film...the cast/location and the work of the excellent director michael winterbottom etc...it had a vague shadow of 'don't look now' about the storyline from the beginning. a stay in different surroundings (italy again) to dim the heartbreak of loss...or perhaps that's how i saw it? so consequently i sat there waiting for the story to unfold and put a spin on what we expect to happen to this family in a foreign european country....and i sat there and sat there....and guess what? nothing actually happens! and i mean nothing!! you are not even given the chance to get into the characters as they are so 1 dimensional and vacuous..you are led to believe from the pace of the movie that something was going to happen to turn the whole film on it's head...the eldest daughters flirtation with the local vespa boys, had great scope to take the movie in another direction, the youngest daughters visions of her dead mother ended up being a fruitless and pointless exercise, the fathers attempts at being seduced by one of his female students felt ridiculous given his age. it felt as if the script had a last recall made where they decided at the last minute to eradicated any guts to the story and went for paring it down to a bare minimum to no effect. when the credits started to roll (unexpectedly) you can't help but feel robbed of your time spent sat watching this pile of rubbish.

first of all this movie starts out on a really dumb note: a 10-year-old girl, playing around in a moving vehicle, decides it would be funny to cover up her mom's eyes with her hands, and then causes a horrific accident which kills the mom....duh....i am sorry, there is positively no 10-year-old that dumb. the rest of the movie does not get much better. after the death of the mother by the apparent dumbest 10-year-old on the planet, the dad moves the family to genova, italy, where he is to teach at a local university, but here is the clincher: he does not speak a word of italian! then the little girl has "visions" of mommy (who she killed), and often subsequent night terrors which always, always end by the father holding and coddling her. then we are forced to watch this family continually get lost and then found and then hug and then cry and lost and then found (followed by of course more hugging and crying) to the point that i was actually wishing for some sort of natural disaster to just wipe all of these vapid, ignorant people off the planet. do not get me wrong, because i love indies, but an indie about dumb people (and i mean really dumb) is simply ridiculous and pointless. it is really a shame that this movie was based on such insipid characters wallowing in such retarded scenarios, because the locale was interesting.

this is one of those films the british lottery fund wastes its money on. the main problem is a rambling script which gets nowhere. the characters are not interesting, the story is conventional and insipid, the only thing of interest is the location: the city of genoa (genova in italian). having only a superficial acquaintance with genoa, i had no idea of the intricate alleyways of its old town, and that the city was so interesting. i had thought genoa was dull. i am delighted to say that i have been proved wrong. so from the travelogue point of view, this film has interest. the film contains one splendid performance, by a little girl named perla haney-jardine. she has already made seven films despite being only 12, so she seems determined upon a career as an actress, and judging by her performance in this film, she should go far, as she is a natural and has a great deal of talent. colin firth, a reliable and professional actor, was on hand for the filming and when asked to be earnest, he was earnest, and when asked to be anguished, he was anguished. but somebody forgot to give him any worthwhile dialogue. the script is a total shambles. catherine keener does exceptionally well in a supporting role, and showing sympathy comes naturally to her, so that everybody would like to have her around (i would like to tell her every time i feel a cold coming on, as i know she would get me a soothing hot drink). so there we have it: genoa's fascinating narrow alleys, an interesting little girl, and a sympathetic woman. forget the rest. the older sister played by willa holland is such a disgusting character that the fact that the young actress does a good job of being repellent is not exactly the kind of acting tribute she would like to hear, i suspect. the notion that this family go off to genoa to forget the unfortunate death of the mother is so trite that if we have another film like that, all dead mothers have a right to complain at being exploited. if michael winterbottom wanted to make a film about how interesting the old portion of genoa is, why didn't he just go to the bbc and say he wanted to make a travel film with some mindless celebrity presenter? why waste money on a feature film which is nothing but a vanity project of idle and meandering vacuity?

why on earth is colin firth in this pointless film? has he really been that strapped for cash?the film isn't clear on what it wants to be about, grief?, exotic places?, ghosts?, a vehicle for mr darcy? it's a muddled, muddy mess.there seems to be some sort of idea that italy must be good, in itself, and that italian has something to offer as a language - but in the end the girls just want to go back to yankland.there are pointless episodes on the beach, in churches, on busy roads - but what it is all about, or why anybody should care simply isn't clear.there was also a yank woman in the film. it wasn't clear what here job was, but she seemed only to be there to make vapid, inappropriate and maudlin comments to the girl. was it supposed to be about paedophillia??a pretty dreadful mess, all in all. i gave it 2 rather than 1 because it doesn't have the charm of an utterly ghastly film.

the story is similar to et: an extraterrestrial run around on earth and tries to come back home. while its stay on our planet, it will create friendly ties with humans.but, unlike et which exudes drama, comedy, poetry, this movie is only fun. it is indeed a pure dysney production: its core audience are children & the movie is more more in the visual than in the message.thus, you will find some funny scenes (the first sighting of the town, a "cosmic" stray toaster) and the casting is experimented, with special mentions to "doc", who rejuvenates in a "mac fly" character, and to hurley, who seems open to auto-derision.ice on the cake: the main title is scored by danny elfman, and like every other great composer, you recognize his "voice" before he is even credited.

when i was a kid we always used to be babysat, and we always used to rent a film or see a film at the cinema. this is one of the films we watched. this is one of the stupidest films i've ever seen, i think it might even be a walt disney pictures film! a martian is dropped on earth, turns into a human, befriends a human, and is trying everything he can to get back home. but he is distracted by the wonders of the earth. the only good comment i can give is the choice of actors, back to the future's christopher lloyd as the martian, uncle martin, dumb and dumber's jeff daniels as tim o'hara, elizabeth hurley as brace channing and daryl hannah as lizzie. but apart from that it's complete crap. poor!

we should have been suspicious to discover that with only two minutes to lights out we were the only ones there. only five others joined before the movie began.there is nothing at all to redeem this movie. the acting is awful (especially ms hurley). the script is banal. the effects we've seen a million times. the film direction the worst that we've seen. meandering and disjointed. no-one laughed including the kids.we left after 25 minutes. it would have been sooner if my wife hadn't gone for a hot-dog!!!do not waste your money on this film. if there's nothing else to watch at your cinema then buy some drinks, popcorn and hot-dogs and do some people watching. you'll have a much more enjoyable time!!!

the folks at disney have a lot to explain. first and foremost, why anyone thought this lesser-sitcom material would ever make even a half-decent motion picture. in the kooky 60's teleplay, the unique idea of martians among us had not yet been given the sophisticated x-files treatment. quaint visions of little green men have long since been dispelled by the likes of e.t., close encounters and aliens 1-3.any charm the property had was mainly due to the endearing relationship created between the late bill bixby as tim and ray walston as the unworldly visitor. the conceit that martians have antenna seemed dopey back then. now it seems positively idiotic. yet, christopher lloyd's uncle martin sports the metallic appendages. in an early shot, the antenna on a sign for the tv station tim works at is supposed to make us think "martian"! when's the last time you saw a tv with rabbit ears, eh?disney doesn't trust quaint or relationships and crams this flick with youth-wooing special effects that include a talking space suit named zoot! yes, you read that correctly - uncle martin's silver space suit speaks. he is supposed to be a real hilarious cut-up! figure again. i got stretch socks that are funnier than zoot. whenever the action lags (and it lags constantly), computer graphics are put into play to liven things up. tim is here played by the amiable jeff daniels, who can't (or won't) do anything to save this floudering mess. zesty christine ebersole brings some comic zeal to her neighbor lady role. even ray walston himself is dragged painfully into the procedings - all to no avail. this alien visitor is dead on arrival.constant talk of sitcoms turning to screen makes me only hope that the i dream of jeannie movie won't feature a talking harem outfit. i pray that samantha's cat in the movie bewitched doesn't have lines. i live in fear that i love lucy - the movie will proudly feature a cg conga drum named bongo.paging michael eisner! mickey mouse - take me to your leader.

so so special effects get in the way of recapturing the interesting relationship between uncle martin and tim o'hara that we remember from the tv series. and what was with the suit? annoying!

cheap-looking and ugly, this film didn't even seem to entertain the kids in the audience, except for one fairly amusing toilet joke. christopher lloyd is way past his prime and actually quite tiresome in this role, although the sorry excuse for jokes by the writers don't help.   elizabeth hurley is embarrassingly amateurish in a supposedly comic role. jeff daniels and darryl hannah avoid humiliation. there is really no reason to make this movie, especially since it is unavoidable that one will compare it with robin williams's often brilliant improvisations in mork & mindy.

my ten-year old liked it. for me it was hard to get through it. christopher lloyd played it way over the top and the suit was tedious and unfunny. sorry to see jeff daniels in this.

if this movie had not been labeled a disney picture, i probably would not have been so disappointed. the nudity was unnecessary and did not add anything. the same can be said for the toilet bowl scene. this is one disney film that i will not let my four year old nephew watch.

the movie starts little cute. there are a number of revolting scenes. people in toilets. good actors wasted and the original television series has all but ruined here. this did not need to be crude.forget it. find the tv show. disney at new low.

i think my summary sums it up. i found it inane and stupid. i also saw the ending a mile a way. everyone is copying that ending anymore when doing a tv/theater crossover anymore. sometimes, it's better to let the movie stand alone.others, its better to forget the movie altogether. this is one of the others....

i saw this bomb when it hit theaters. i laughed the whole time. why? because the stupidity of it seemed to have made me go insane. i look back on it and realize there was not one funny thing in the whole movie. at leat nothing intentional. it is awfully funny that lizzie cn chew a piece of nurplex and become a gigantic, carnivorous demon...yet her itty-bitty little dress is perfectly intact, despite the fact that she is now hundreds of times larger than she was when she first put it on. or the kind of movie in which a man can be shocked with a defibulator and only fall unconcious, and return to conciousness without any medical attention. and don't let me get started on the ridiculous fate of the "villain" that they decided they needed to create "conflict." uh huh.to the person complaining about disney only targetting kids-the raunchy parts of this film seems to disprove that statement. do we really need daryl hannah accusing jeff bridges of having kinky video tapes? you do if you're disney and you're out of ideas for making the movie appeal to the above-8 crowd without writing a more intelligent script! i am thoroughly convinced that disney pays off the ratings board so it's movies can get away with murder and still get family-friendly ratings.what a waste of the dvd format.

this movie tries hard, but completely lacks the fun of the 1960s tv series, that i am sure people do remember with fondness. although i am 17, i watched some of the series on youtube a long time ago and it was enjoyable and fun. sadly, this movie does little justice to the series.the special effects are rather substandard, and this wasn't helped by the flat camera-work. the script also was dull and lacked any sense of wonder and humour. other films with under-par scripting are home alone 4, cat in the hat, thomas and the magic railroad and addams family reunion.now i will say i liked the idea of the story, but unfortunately it was badly executed and ran out of steam far too early, and i am honestly not sure for this reason this is something for the family to enjoy. and i was annoyed by the talking suit, despite spirited voice work from wayne knight.but the thing that angered me most about this movie was that it wasted the talents of christopher lloyd, jeff daniels and daryl hannah, all very talented actors. jeff daniels has pulled off some good performances before, but he didn't seem to have a clue what he was supposed to be doing, and elizabeth hurley's character sadly came across as useless. daryl hannah is a lovely actress and generally ignored, and i liked the idea of her being the love interest, but sadly you see very little of her,(not to mention the monster attack is likely to scare children than enthrall them) likewise with wallace shawn as some kind of government operative. christopher lloyd acquits himself better, and as an actor i like lloyd a lot(he was in two of my favourite films clue and who framed roger rabbit, and i am fond of back to the future) but he was given little to work with, and had a tendency to overact quite wildly.overall, as much i wanted to like this movie, i was left unimpressed. instead of being fun, it came across as pointless, and that is a shame because it had a lot of potential, with some talented actors and a good idea, but wasted with poor execution. 1/10 bethany cox

i thought that my favorite martian was very boring and drawn out!! it was not funny at all. the audience just sat through the whole movie and didn't laugh at all!!! not even the kids laughed!! that is sad for a disney movie!! i thought they could have found somebody better to play the martian rather than christopher lloyd!! he was really stupid!! and he was not funny!! i thought the talking suit was really dumb!!! in the original television series the suit doesn't talk and move around!! in my opinion they should not have wasted their time on this movie!! i give it two thumbes down!! really a waste of time and i would not recommend the movie to anybody!!! thank you!!

silly, often ridiculous romp involving the landing of a space ship and the resulting havoc this causes on tim (jeff daniels) and the people in his orbit.am always amazed by daniels. he showed such depth and promise in 1983's "terms of endearment" as shirley maclaine's philandering son-in-law. as the years have passed, daniels has been unable to get his hands on a good, meaty role. instead, he is in inane comedies such as "dumb and dumber."as for this picture, it fails because of the subject matter. at least, the television show brought about a variety of situations. in the film, we have constant slapstick and people turning into monsters as the government is thwarted into capturing the martian-martin.the part of mrs. brown is a perfect example of the non-success of the film. on television, pamela britton portrayed a ditsy individual caught up in situations with the martian leaving her perplexed. in the film version, a blond bomb-shell as brown, tries romantic entanglement.television star ray walston has a small role as a government agent, or is he really that?a very big disappointment for those who enjoyed the television show so much.

i grew up watching the original tv series in the sixties and one thing that i can tell you right away, there is no comparison. this film was totally ridiculous with a flying suit that was alive. a martian that took different shapes. special effects that looked like something that a little child would create. in contrast, in the original, characters were developed and the viewers developed a feeling for tim and uncle martin. the only highlight in this film, yes, actually there was one, occurred when ray walston finally made an appearance at the end. he wore dark glasses and made references to living on this planet for 30 years as a sort of homage to the tv series. but even the real uncle martin could not save this turkey.

there is no possible reason i can fathom why this movie was ever made.why must hollywood continue to crank out one horrible update of a classic after another? ( cases in point: mister magoo, the avengers - awful! )christopher lloyd, whom i normally enjoy, was so miserably miscast in this role. his manic portrayal of our beloved "uncle martin" is so unspeakably unenjoyable to be almost criminal. his ranting, groaning, grimacing and histrionics provide us with no reason to care for his character except as some 1 dimensional cartoon character.the director must have thought that fast movements, screaming dialogue and "one-take" slapstick had some similarity to comedy. apparently he told every actor to act as if they had red ants in their pants.fault must lie with the irresponsibly wrought script. i think the writer used "it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world" as an example of a fine comedy script. as manic as that 1963 classic is, it is far superior to this claptrap - in fact - suddenly it looks pretty good in comparison.what is most sad about this movie is that it must have apparently been written to appeal to young children. i just am not sure whose children it was made for. certainly no self-respecting, card-carrying child i know!if they had to remake "my favorite martian", why didn't they add some of the timeless charm of the original classic? unfortunately, imdb.com cannot factor in "zero" as a rating for its readers, that is the only rating that comes to mind in describing this travesty.one good thing did come from this movie, the actors and crew were paid - i think.

shazbot, is this embarrassing. in fact, here's a list of 100 that makes up the embarrassment: 1.) a failed comeback for christopher lloyd. 2.) jeff daniels basically playing the same role he played in the live 101 dalmatians remake which wasn't too juicy to begin with. he sure has a funny way of promoting his purple rose theatre... 3.) disnefluff. 4.) another disappointing reminder that wallace shawn is to disney what jet li was to bob hoskins in unleashed. 5.) ray walston, the original martian from the tv series, played a bit part (read "cameo") in this flick and died two years later of lupus. coincidence? 6.) awful special effects. seriously - awful. 7.-100.) that damn talking, farting suit voiced to an annoying degree by wayne knight ("newman!"). my favorite scene? ha! ha ha, ha! ha ha ha ha ha... whew!... good one. you - you're a joker. okay, let's wrap up this review with a moment of silence for this franchise's agonizing death, and if you would like, you can say a quick prayer that disney doesn't forget this travesty and do something silly like a movie adaptation of "mork and mindy" starring tim allen.........................................................

we went into this movie because my husband had enjoyed the original version of `my favourite martian'. we had our 6 year old daughter with us. she wanted to leave halfway through the movie which was fine with both her parents! the parts we did see were only occasionally humorous, mostly either too silly or gross. i would expect that this movie might appeal to kids between 9-12, if that. it's definitely not suited for younger children. from what i've heard the original series was by far superior and if you are going to "relive the past" you'll probably be disappointed.

the best thing about camp films in general is that you know what to expect. it's like watching a professional wrestling match or a day time soap opera or a jerry springer show: you immediately can follow the skimpy plot, identify the cardboard characters, and watch in satisfaction while all the cliches are being fulfilled. however, at times, the director does something real unexpected. it may be something extraordinarily stupid, or something weird, or something insightful. the director makinen is up there with the best camp directors, and this is his best movie.in yon saalistajat, everything seems to come together. there's nothing good about it, but still manages to be a coherent whole. not once does the movie slow down - the action flows on and punches keep on coming.the weirdest thing is that there's no sense of time: some characters seem to take months doing something while other characters have only spent one hour at a bar. this is partially due to finnish summer where the sun never sets, so you don't experience the day turning into a night at all.finally: there is a plot, there, somewhere. you may have to watch the movie three times before you realize it, though.

this is a classic stinker with a big named cast, mostly seniors who were well past their prime and bedtime in this one.this is quite a depressing film when you think about it. remain on earth, and you will face illness and eventually your demise.gwen verndon showed that she could still dance. too bad the movie didn't concentrate more on that. maureen stapleton, looking haggard, still displayed those steps from "queen of the star dust ballroom," so much more down to earth from 10 years earlier.i only hope that this film doesn't encourage seniors to commit mass suicide on the level of jim jones. how can anyone be idiotic enough to like this and say it gets you to think?why did don ameche win an oscar for this nonsense?if the seniors were doing such a wonderful thing at the end, why was the youngster encouraged to get off the boat? why did steve guttenberg jump ship as well? after all, he had found his lady-love. this would have been a nice film if the seniors had just managed to find their fountain of youth on earth and stay there.sadly, with the exception of wilford brimley, at this writing, vernon, gilford, stapleton, ameche, tandy, cronyn and lord knows who else are all gone. the writers should have taken the screenplay and placed it with this group as well.

i didn't agree with any of the theology in the left behind series, but nonetheless i found the books gripping and i read 8 of 12 of them. undeniably good writing and interesting story. however, i didn't have very high expectations for the movie. there was no way mainstream hollywood would have taken up a christian series and produced a big-budget movie. so it was done independently... and it just felt like i was watching a really long tv show. it just didn't feel like a movie; it didn't have that movie "experience" to it, if anybody knows what i'm talking about. so the movie suffered because of that, and the low-budget, poor special effects were another detraction for me.on top of that, i feel that gordon currie was woefully miscast as nicolie carpathia. reading the book, my impression of nc was that he was supposed to be this charming, dazzling, amazingly handsome guy who spoke english with almost zero trace of an accent. so i imagined somebody like pierce brosnan in the role. instead, they found some clay aiken pencil-neck who looks like an employee of the month from best buy, and gave him a really bad fake accent. so that lost a few stars for me right there. a movie is just not convincing when the major villain doesn't look or sound the way he's supposed to.the acting was okay, but nothing to write home about. some of the scenes - like one of the conversion scenes (can't remember which one) - were real seat-squirmers for me. and some of the christian rock music or whatever it was, was really out of place for some of the scenes, like in the one with kirk cameron praying in the bathroom.in short, it wasn't a bad movie, but it just didn't do it for me. stick to the book, folks, it's much better.

surprisingly enough does movie does have some redeeming quality in it when it moves toward its end. for the other part this movie is being a really bad and lame one, with a small budget, insultingly bad written script and everything that goes with it.it's silly that with all the money going around in the christian circles they never can seem to get sufficient funds to make a decent movie with. i'm not a religious, so i couldn't care less really but film-making does some like a good tool to reach a new audience for churches and getting people more interested and curious in reading the bible for instance. in that regard these movies always seem like a wasted opportunity.the low budget does really hurt the movie and brings it down. it makes the movie laughable to watch with its effects and it just gives the overall movie a campy b-movie like feeling.but what's hurting this movie more is its writing. the stuff that just happens in this movie is just insulting to the intelligence and then i'm not even complaining or talking about the religious aspects of the whole story. the way the movie progresses is just so improbable and the people within this movie do such highly unlikely things that it's being insulting to its viewers.i also hated how the movie was being like a soap opera at times. seemed to me that they simply had a hard time turning this into a full length movie and they added in some characters and dramatic developments just to fill things up. i just couldn't cared less really at times.still it needs to be said that the movie gets more solid and steady toward its end, when its story gets more focused on its essence. still it remains predictable all but it prevented this movie from being a complete wreck to watch and as far as these type of movies are concerned, there are far worser one to watch out there, though i don't think this movie will win over any new souls.4/10

to be honest, this film is another in a series of huge disappointments...most of these so-called "masters of horror" films are only horrifying in terms of their sub-par effects and laughable story lines...aside from ron perlman, everyone else in this film cannot act to save their life...the gunshots sounded like someone was playing bop-it under the boom mike or something, and looked completely unrealistic...overall, this film is about as scary as home alone...the only good masters are cigarette burns, jennifer, and maybe pelts...i don't know how these directors can sleep at night knowing that they have ruined the very genre that some of them used to actually understand...

could anyone please stop john carpenter from continuously and deliberately ruining his reputation? how low can you go? it seems this man has lost any self respect.this episode looks like it has been done by a film student, it isn't even worth beginning to talk about what was bad, because it was just a borefest, directed by somebody with no talent as a filmmaker or without any motivation...come on, mr. carpenter, please retire immediately with a rest of self-esteem and stop spilling out trash like this in a bad tradition from escape from l.a. to ghosts of mars.get drunk instead.

a plot that fizzled and reeked of irreconcilable differences in opinions constituted a judgmental havoc with one side pro-life and the other a destroyer of a demon's seed. the horror was left out and replaced with an overall dull effect quite possibly meant to be horrific, but, instead demonstrated an ill dose of beliefs which ridiculed each other to death, despite the title itself. being a fan of masters of horror since the beginning, this ridiculous plot twist with it's sordid depictions crashed apart like a spindly old rocking chair after being sat upon. i view this episode as being thrown together from the get go, never really taking off anywhere other than to see it through for what its worth and relieved when it finally came to "the end"..

i have to say as being a fan of the man who created halloween/the fog/christine/the thing - probably his best films.then you got this pos. i can't logically think he put any effort at all into this like he did with cigarette burns. at least his son made a decent soundtrack.you have to look at this from the standpoint that it didn't seem like a movie. it looked as if someone else directed it for one thing. i won't believe carpenter put any effort into this at all.i was just listening to his old school h2/h3/the fog soundtrack and it was awesome, especially for the times.he was using a style that no one had and it worked so well for his films.

there is this girl and she's running in the woods but she ends up at this woman's clinic and she wants an abortion. her daddy is outside in a van and he is all angry about it. the whole episode takes place in and outside of this abortion clinic. i'm not really pro-choice but i wanted the choice to kill this episode. i was laughing when i saw the baby come out and it went into the corner. the part where they were doing the ultra sound was pretty funny too. i was really feeling sorry for the poor dad in this episode. he just wanted to protect his daughter and i couldn't really blame him for what he did. i don't know what happened to him at the end or what happened to the other father and daughter in the waiting room. i was just laughing too hard and i would suggest watching "pick me up" instead of this episode. it wasn't the worst episode but it wasn't that great.

this installment of masters of horror was terrible. apparently, mr. carpenter needs to learn a thing or two about pacing and decent, plausible dialog. there were times when i literally shouted at the tv for something to happen. maybe he thinks he building suspense, but carpenter needs to trim back that overdone, over-simplified musical score of his (or his son's) and advance the action a little bit. how many times did the girl say, "oh no, i can't have this baby!" and "oh, no here it comes"? carpenter takes elements from much, much better films (assault on precinct 13 and the thing) and throws them in here as if we are supposed to acknowledge and appreciate his trademark style. what is lacking here is genuine suspense and energy. it's as though he's sleepwalking through the process of movie making. for better carpenter films, stick to the tried and true classics-- the thing, halloween, and they live. for better masters of horror episodes, check out my personal favorites: family, jenifer, and dreams in the witch house.

hmm… i agree with the reviewer who said that "strange people with generous tastes have been reviewing this film". i thought the film was intriguing enough to watch it. i think that was primarily because of marsden and speedman - not the plot.the bottom line is that this film is mildly psychologically tantalizing on the one hand and profoundly homophobic on the other. thumbs up on the former and triple thumbs down on the latter. i'm not sure if the film is intended to promote dialogue or to spread fear and propaganda.i thought the acting was mediocre. a lot of conversation that was about 90 degrees askew of reality. i kept wanting to derive some meaning from the plot, but it's ultimately just a conversation with a mad man (speedman). i feel mildly sorry for him (speedman) because of his loss, but not really. his loss is no greater and certainly is less than losses suffered every day around the world by more significant causes.does the film expose naiveté about hiv/aids? yes: that of the intended audience. is hiv a dark, mysterious, evil killer? what about it's victims? the answer to both questions is no. neither hiv nor its victims have any more or less malevolent intent than lupus, multiple sclerosis, tb, hepatitis, cancer, or their victims, for god's sake. just because a disease is communicable does not make it either deliberate or negligent - or evil - it just is.does this excuse ignorance or fool-hardy risk taking? - no. should all people practice safe sex? - yes. will safe sex save the world? - no. is safe sex realistic in all instances of love and lust between passionate and emotional human beings? – of course not. what kind of a world would we live in if everyone followed the rules, no one ever took risks, and sex was never spontaneous and passionate??? am i ignoring that the film deals specifically with gay sex? – yes. hiv is spread by sharing blood or bodily fluids between infected and non-infected individuals. sex is not necessary for transmission, gay or otherwise.i'm always disturbed by willful violence of one person upon another. i actually thought the film did do a good job of portraying the absurdity of tom's violent abduction, captivity, and intent towards dan, and this kind of insane violence does occur every day.stream of consciousness notes from the film: tom is crazy.why doesn't dan ask "why" do you feel this way, rather than "what are you doing"? implication: men who have sex with men get "aids" implication: hiv = aids where was tom's responsibility in the sex act? why was it dan's responsibility to use the condom? "maybe you slipped it off before you stuck it in…" what are we talking about here? was one of the parties unconscious? "maybe she didn't want to hear the truth" are you kidding me "she's up in heaven and so unbelievably hurt about what she now knows about me" …right… is dan's life over if he has hiv? certainly not! is this why the whole world is so homophobic???? they think gay men are the cause of hiv, that they will give it to the rest of the world, and we will all die… are you kidding me??? are people really stupid enough to think that homosexuality is the cause... is the problem??? do we feel that way about the victims of tuberculosis? of malaria? i can see that tom is hurt because of his wife's death, and he blames it on aids, but seriously… who's at fault here? the victim or the virus? are illnesses really the responsibility of the ill? (presuming they did not seek and did not seek to spread the disease).sure, safe sex is essential to a safe life, but so is not-driving, not-flying, not-leaving the house, not-living. do we really want to blame the disease on the victims? would safe sex between tom and dan have prevented tom's wife's ultimate demise? perhaps, but not dan's sole responsibility.tom is crazy. did i mention that.tom to dan: "maybe you get what you deserve"… come on! 24 days: violent, naïve, and homophobic.am i overreacting? perhaps. but i think this film points a judging finger at gay men for their reckless and malevolent intent towards a "straight world" by practicing unsafe sex, when the rate of homosexuals practicing safe sex is proportionately equivalent or better than that of heterosexuals. we all need to wake up and get serious about hiv/aids. hiv is killing hundreds of thousands of straight africans every year.

spoilers. strange people with generous tastes have been reviewing this film. allow me to add balance by pointing out the following:script: dreadful. as tom and dan are "getting to know each other," bantering about films, the talk is clearly that of one person, and i suspect it was the director, who carefully worked his words to sound intelligent. at one point, dan asks, "have you heard of the hiv virus?" and it sounds about as natural as asking, "have you communicated with the nine alien races?"acting: white teeth do and a chiseled face do not a sensitive performer make. speedman did well enough with what he was given, i suppose, but marsden was terrible -- unsympathetic, unbelievable, and downright smug and smarmy throughout his captivity. there is an emptiness to his performances (also see interstate 60).plot: spare me! the moments of half-escape were not thrilling but irritating and weak. recall marsden pretending to try keys in the door and then throwing them down: "they don't work, man!" tee-hee. and beware the semi black-and-white flashbacks, which are initiated with some schlocky sound taken from csi and other crime dramas. most important of all, most dangerous, evil, and offensive, is the homophobia (external or internal, you decide) in a film in which hiv is considered a weapon. tom says that dan may have taken off the condom or not used it at all -- excuse me, where was tom while they were having sex? there is some villainizing of the inserting partner which comes off as a villainizing of the gay man in general.in sum: beware!

writer-director tony piccirillo adapted his own play about a straight man, recently widowed, learning in the last three weeks he is hiv-positive; he tracks down the one homosexual partner he ever had, brings him to an apartment and ties him up, forcing a blood test on the guy and promising bloody revenge if the results come back positive. intriguing idea sounds better on paper than it plays out. james marsden's captive is realistically cynical and snotty, but the actor's own artificial mannerisms are disconcerting--it's like watching a roadshow version of tom cruise. scott speedman has to work harder with the more challenging role, but his personality-turn from shy guy to kidnapper-on-the-edge isn't convincing, and neither are the conversations the two men have. marsden's gay party boy isn't apathetic, of course--he's momentarily sympathetic to speedman's plight--but he doesn't react or behave the way any homosexual man would in this circumstance. the movie isn't a cop-out, exactly, but it is a fraud, handicapped further by the bad editing, the poorly-conceived flashbacks, the low-budget production, and the big finale which smacks of silly pretension and soapy melodrama. *1/2 from ****

well, maybe the pc version of this game was impressive. maybe. i just finished playing the ps2 version and it's pretty much a complete mess.there are a couple elements that are okay or promising. i'll mention those first because it will be over quickly. first, the idea of a historical gta-like game is a great one. the game gun was a historical gta-like game and unlike mafia, gun was excellent. i'd love to see a game set during mafia's era done right. next, the storyline is well written. the story makes sense, it has dramatic arcs, it uses an unusual device (with much of the game being a backstory) and it's interesting. finally, some of the graphics--especially those used during cutscenes--are impressive. mafia's designers seemed to focus on getting the graphics right in the places where gta skimped on that effort, especially the characters. unfortunately in many other areas, the graphics kinda stink, and i'd much rather have excellent gameplay than impressive-looking characters.the gameplay is what sinks this title so low. first off, the controls and camera absolutely suck. that has to be the first focus of any game developers. you can't release a game where the controls and/or camera suck. number one, there's no reason that the player's character, tom, can't have his full range of motion controlled by the left analog stick. unless it's absolutely necessary, and it hardly ever is, i hate the set-up where the left stick moves the character in a "strafing" way and the character can only turn using the right analog stick. here, it's not only unnecessary, it makes most of the simplest actions a challenge. for example, tom has to climb on a couple missions. but the game is designed so poorly that you have to frustratingly keep manipulating both the right analog stick and the camera, and then press l1 every time you need to climb, or tom will descend instead.next, i've never seen a worse fighting system. the first problem is that you can't auto-aim or lock on to any targets. at one early point, the game seems to tell you that you can use l2 or r2 to lock on to targets, but that never worked. so to focus on any enemy, you have to struggle with the stupid right analog stick and try to keep adjusting both the character's orientation and the camera, which tends to drift to the wrong angle or make tom disappear all the time. by that time, you're probably getting pummeled or shot to death.next, if you're touching or almost touching an enemy--and that's certainly going to be the case for hand to hand combat or when using melee weapons, the fighting system--which primarily consists of tapping or holding r1, is completely useless. enemies can pummel you almost in a bear hug, but you just can't move unless you back off. so close fighting tends to consist of you yanking on the left analog stick, yelling at the character to move away, which it won't do 50% of the time, then tapping r1 as much as you can before the enemy gets too close again and makes r1 useless. and if the enemy changes their angle to you in the meantime, you're also going to struggle with the right analog stick to get your character oriented in the right way and to get the camera in position so you can see anything. by that time, you're probably getting pummeled or shot again, and your only option will be to try to move the character away again. my fights often consisted of making tom run circles around an area like a comedy film, hoping that i could gain enough time to struggle with the analog stick and get a couple shots in before being at the ai's mercy again. so much for realistic fighting.and the same problems and more exist when trying to fight with guns. if you're touching someone, half the time the controller just won't allow you to fire off a shot, yet they can still riddle you full of holes. additionally, there's no auto-aim, and the aiming system is ridiculously sensitive, even with the sensitivity set to zero under options. gunfights tend to consist of you hopelessly trying to aim or move away while the enemy puts shot after shot into you. luckily or not, damage seems to be recorded almost randomly. it can take one to ten shots or more to incapacitate any character, and there's no rhyme or reason to it. you can put five shots into an enemy's head and near point blank range and they'll still return fire and hurt you. yet, the game designers seemed to care enough about realism than they built a recoil into your aiming system, so after shots with powerful enough guns, your aim will float off target, and you'll have to fight with it again.as for the celebrated graphics, except for the characters and textures that you're close to, they're actually pretty disappointing. the distance always seems mostly empty, and there are often expanses of flat colors and textures nearby when you're driving. the city wasn't very well designed. it's not varied enough, and there aren't many interesting things to see or do. the cars seem slow and they're difficult to control. they also all drive about the same. some have mentioned the music, but that was also pretty nondescript. a much better job could have been done on that end. also, as many others have mentioned, the load times are ridiculous and constant. they tend to be over a minute long, and they occur between and in the middle of everything--even races.overall, the mafia port to ps2, at least, seems to have been very rushed. the game feels and plays like an incomplete hack job.

bathebo, you big dope.this is the worst piece of crap i've seen in a long time. i have just stumbled onto it on late night tv and it is painful to watch. really painful. how does something like this get made?? horrible, horrible, horrible! oooooo ..... the toilet is flushing by itself again! scary toilet! scary toilet! scary toilet! 1992 doesn't seem like that long ago to me, but watching this makes it seem like 1952. i mean its horrible. please don't waste your time on the drivel!scary old black man telling them not to build the pool in the yard. scary! scary! how does this stuff get made???

a couple move into their dream home, unaware that it and its neighbours have been built over land formerly used as a cemetery. the film is said to have been based on a true story, although how much of it is supposed to be true is not disclosed. the plot is hardly unique - see spielberg's 'poltergeist' (1982). within a short time, they experience various supernatural phenomena: these range from the disturbing - mysterious shadows, the serious illness of the daughter - to the frankly ridiculous - toilets continually flushing and garage doors going out of control. there is little depth to the story: once it has become established that the land had been used as a cemetery, we do not learn anything more. the plot does not seem to develop. the characters are not particularly well drawn or in any way memorable, nor is the atmosphere particularly special. the film could be disturbing to some viewers. there is no sense of catharsis or any kind of positive message from it.

i agree with those reviews i have read here, and i have no words to define such a turkey like this, but despite everything, i still can find a reason for movies like this to exist. do you remenber those happy days in which video was a prosperous business, and a lot of movies were made with the only reason of filling the shelves of the video stores? this movie comes from that period and i can imagine that was the only reason for which it was produced and the same happened with many, many, many other stinkers. do you remember "rambo" imitations? and so many slashers of z grade?, i still feel nostalgia for that period.about this movie i can say i didn´t waste my time watching it because i pressed the fast forward button after the first fifteen minutes, just to find a very funny scene in which a guy was pushing an axe against heads which exploded because, as you perfectly notice, they were made of plastic. and about the end, well, it was so badly filmed i could not understand what happened. that´s the same, i had not followed the non-existing plot at all. but boy, video-age was a great age despite movies like this.

henry sala's "nightmare weekend" is a rotten piece of sludge from troma.this is a juvenile,sloppy and stupid low-budget horror film about some teenage girls spending the weekend at a mansion.the professor's evil assistant lures the girls into a bizarre scheme to perform hideous experiments.using a brain implant she transforms her victims and their dates into zombies."nightmare weekend" is a completely braindead piece of garbage that features lots of nudity and some cheesy gore,not to mention a laughable musical score.the acting is horrendous and the script is utterly incoherent.why such piece of crap is widely distributed is beyond me.avoid it like the plague.1 out of 10.

nightmare weekend is proof positive that some people are so desperate to be 'in the movies' they are prepared to do almost anything.i'm not referring to the countless women who seem quite happy to appear completely starkers in this dreadful piece of trash (after all, the naked female form is a beautiful thing and nothing to be ashamed of). no...i'm talking about those who are more than willing to co-star with a badly made hand-puppet called george. now that is embarrassing!!!a bio-electronic being created by brilliant scientist edward brake (wellington meffert), george (who looks like a demented felt clown with green wool for hair) is the artificially intelligent interface for an advanced computer system that operates a revolutionary device (a silver sphere about the size of a golf ball) that, when ingested, can reverse character disorders.edward's personality altering experiments have been successful on lab animals, but the cautious scientist is reluctant to carry out tests on human subjects, fearing that there may still be side effects. his evil assistant julie (debbie laster), however, has no such qualms, and proceeds to use three beautiful young women as guinea pigs. inevitably, they all turn into hideous killer mutants.with bargain basement special effects, a cast totally devoid of talent, and a plot that is almost impossible to follow (i took notes as i watched the film, and even then i am not entirely convinced that my synopsis is accurate), nightmare weekend is a complete and utter disaster that not even several soft-core sex scenes and a touch of gore can rescue.this film also features one of the most irritating characters i have ever seen in a horror movie: tony (bruce morton), a walkman wearing idiot who bops away to crap 80s music in a manner that makes me look like justin timberlake in comparison.

i'll say it again: this movie was totally lame. kids will like it, sure, but adults...doubtful. the whole thing was basically a rehash of the original, which is to be expected, since they pretty much explored the whole concept in the first movie, but still, did they have to completely rehash the entire movie? i mean, everything is re-done from the little mermaid. the worst part of it is morgana "ursula's crazy sister" who appears out of nowhere and threatens melody, which is ridiculous since triton is there with his magic trident. why didn't triton do anything about it? because the plot required him to do nothing. i could go on, but i won't. the whole thing is a shameless attempt to rake in more money from the little mermaid, and was obviously thrown together without any thought, because they knew it would sell. overall it is a terrible waste of time.

okay, as a long time disney fan, i really -hate- direct-to-video disney sequels. walt himself didn't believe in them. he believed in "and they lived happily ever after" being the end of it. but this one...really ticked the taco. there were so many ripoffs of other disney films in this, it wasn't funny. quick summary, if you don't already know...: melody, the daughter of ariel and prince eric, is born. ursula's sister, morganna (who basically looks like ursula, if she were to dye herself green and go on the ally macbeal starvation diet) shows up and, after trying to do the newborn tyke in, and failing, prophesizes doom for the characters. after that ordeal, ariel goes into a lapse of being like her father, and refuses to tell melody about her mermaid heritage, and later on, forbids her to go near the sea. well surprise surprise. melody finds out, being the stubborn brat she is, and runs away, then makes a deal with morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (gee does that sound familiar?) she becomes one, but in her half of the bargain, has to retrieve her granddaddy's trident and bring it back to the sea witch. while doing this, she runs into a couple of outcast animals, a penguin and a walrus named timon and pumb--huh? wait...no! that's not timon and pumbaa! or is it? could of fooled me. anyway, i'd like to reveal more, but pretty much anything that could be guessed to happen does. ok so...long story short. this movie "borrows" too much from other (better) disney films...and does it horribly. come on...tip and dash? why not just make dash obscenely flatulent and make it an even more obvious ripoff! ugh. not to mention, the total character butchery of ariel's persona. she's gone from being a freespirited, headstrong woman, to a clone of her father. not good at all...they're basically telling us the sweet, firey little mermaid we've known to grow and love is dead. plus melody herself isn't such a great character either...she's damned annoying! and bratty! not to mention what they've done to flounder. ugh...anyway if you decide to see this piece of created-mainly-for-profit-reasons, no-imagination, eisner-sponsored c******t, i suggest maybe waiting 'till its on the disney channel or some other tv station. because, it's not even worth the price of a rental. * out of ***** stars.

it was nice to see all the familiar characters again, but the story bothered me. we loved ariel in the first movie- so why is the second one centered around her daughter? the new characters were annoying and i didn't like the plot of this. worst of all, christopher daniel barnes didn't come back as the voice of eric! disney, please stop remaking classic movies with these shoddy imitations.

since the little mermaid was one of my favorite disney movies when i was little, i was curious about its sequel.the little mermaid(one) is a classic animated feature with top quality everything, a grand music score, and targets a general audience. in contrast, the little mermaid 2 is targeted primarily at young children, because it is spontaneous, reflects a child's self perspective, the music is bouncier and less dramatic, and the ending feels like recess.the little mermaid 2 starts out when baby melody is presented to ariel's side of the family. abruptly without any visual cues to aid the drama, a giant tentacle grabs the baby. i laughed, wait a minute it's not funny, the baby's being attacked! okay, i'll stop laughing. morgana's crime in broad daylight and her spontaneity, takes away potential drama since it happened so quickly.throughout the feature, melody seems superhuman, which i defend is how most children envision themselves. this quality in melody's character is clearly brought out toward the end when she fights morgana without an inch of fear on her face.like the first movie, melody has a lot of ariel's problems, except the reverse. queen ariel turns out to be like her father by restricting her from the ocean, whereas king triton restricted ariel from the surface. ariel and melody both rebel against their parent.the music is more emotionally moving in the first. this sequel has a bunch of songs, but not as much orchestral work went into it. it's great for little ones, because it doesn't take an orchestra to impress them.the ending in the first movie was strong and uplifting. the sequel ends with a bouncy song and everyone playing in the water. it's definitely more targeted at kids, because instead of the ending being solemn and leaving you blown away, this ending leaves you thinking, "it's time for recess!" ultimately, this movie is fun for kids, so we should let them have fun.

disney has yet to meet a movie it couldn't make at least two sequels about. and this one was no exception to the people at disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward. somehow, although i did not pay to view it, i feel cheapened by watching it.ariel is grown up now and had a daughter. yet doesn't allow the daughter to go into the sea because of some idle threat made by the sister of the deceased sea-witch. so here we go again.the daughter is tricked (of course) and helps the sea-witch. after a not-so-glorious battle, she is defeated and the mermaids and humans live in harmony. yawn.there is nothing to view here. go back to your lives. "d-"

it wasn't good. the characters were underdeveloped and the only personality were from the memories i had of the previous movie which contrasted with the 'new' personalities (or lack thereof). i seriously thought the opening scene was a nightmare by ariel because of how absurd it was. it was serious. it just reminded me of all the annoying characters on the disney channel-everyone is hyperactive and the story jumps from action to embarrassing scenes without any really connection.the most disappointing part was the horrible songs-not catchy, not amazing. in the original ariel had an amazing and powerful voice and all the song are catchy and fun. you remember them and want to sing them. but the songs in this movie weren't creative in the least; it's as if they're talking in a annoying sing-song voice-quite weakly, disappointing. i don't have that want-to-sing-them feeling you normally get from a disney movie.it's as if not one wanted to do this movie, so they barely made an effort . . . this movie would needs a new story line, new catchy songs and more warmth and enthusiasm without the annoying "look at me! look at me! i'm so annoying!" mentality of this generation of disney. :'(

i suppose it was for temple matthews who written basically a remake even though there are few changes which just make it worse. spoilers: it is much similar to the original. melody, ariel's new daughter is threatened by ursula's sister, morgana. morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to take melody away from them. did ursula have a sister?! and she is not that great a villain as ursula was. this is where there is similarity. medoly is kept from the sea until morgana is captured, but she doesn't know a thing about it, because it all happened when she was a baby. a wall surrounds the palace to keep her in and morgana out. she goes under the wall day to day to have a swim and talk with sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. she finds a seashell with her name on it and runs away from home and to look for answers and finds morgana. here is a similarity; morgana tricks melody, making her happy by turning here into a mermaid. meanwhile, eric, melody and king triton look for her. to stay a mermaid she needs to steal the trident from triton. so melody does, because she does not know king triton is her father. she makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here is where it is awful. the penguins who live with them in an icy ocean, hate them because they are cowards. so they try to prove they are heroes and fail. that does not suit the little mermaid. and the dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and those two characters is ear-bleeding. you know why? because the first had a great story. this one is not and is not magical. it is just an example of how bad many sequels are.melody finds them and they help to take her to atlantica to prove themselves. when they take the trident, ariel finds melody with morgana. melody is angry at her mother for keeping her from the sea so she gives the trident to morgana, then she shows her true colours once she grabs it. poor ariel and melody are in her custody. the penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight morgana's shark friend. sorry i did not mention him earlier. they finally prove themselves. eric, king triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow down before morgana by the power of the trident. melody takes it, throws it to triton and he ices morgana (literally). then ariel apologises to melody and thinks it is all her fault. it was not! ariel did the right thing to protect melody, but they never say so. triton offers melody to live in sea or land. she in fact has a "better idea". she uses the trident to vaporize the wall so humans and mer-folk can be together. then everyone sings an awful song. the end.whoever has seen it and likes this obviously has not seen the original. i do not dislike this because i am a teenager. i liked it when i was very very little. then as i grew older i began to see what is bad about this film. young, young kids will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. normally i would think i over-judged a film and it was better than i remember when i watched it again, but not this one. it is even worse. story is no exception. if you thought, by reading this that the story is good, read more of this comment and you will know the other bad points: well, you know the story now. i am sorry for spoiling it for you, but i had to point out some bad parts of it. one of the worst things is the animation. colour is awful. the original had beautiful colour. watching this almost made me want to go blind. even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. the original had beautiful, magical colouring and beautiful underwater landscape design and for land as well, making it a joy to watch.the music is unbearable. compared to the first, the music here is crap. songs are not that well composed and tara strong (i think that is her name) who did melody can not sing. she at times either sang too high or did not keep track for the melody in the song. so much for having "melody" as a name.and the music is not at all beautiful or moving. little mermaid 1 won an oscar for it and it truly deserved it. this one deserved a razzie award for worst musical score in a sequel if it would exist.i did not like the voices. several people who played characters from the first, did the same ones in this. jodi benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, no offence to her, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful anymore. and i am really disappointed in her and others who were in the first for being a part of this. if i was chosen for this film, just by reading the script, i can tell it would be a bad film. the characters are different now. ariel is more wiser now, but annoying. they overdid her character, making her too mature. in sequels you are not meant to change the characters unless it is for a special reason. she was sixteen in the first. there is little chance she changes. that is the stage when you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. screenwriters should think of that. they should think of the character.well, i suppose that is it for me. i hope you find my comment useful, because i am sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view.

this movie makes me want to throw up every time i see it. if you take the first movie, and reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw in crappy animation and the biggest suck factor, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. its basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot. i'll take you through the horror of it step by step. these are the people from the 1st movie: first of all, prince eric is still prince eric, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. ariel is uptight, annoying, and is not the carefree, headstrong spirit we saw in the 1st. in fact, she is the exact opposite. sebastian is still sebastian only less cute, less convincing as being stressed out, and the jokes just aren't funny anymore. flounder has about 2 lines. he now has kids and he talks with a dumb nasal voice. scuttle is still dumb scuttle only not funny. king triton's character is probably the best, he still retains the intimidation and love for his daughter, melody. ariel and prince eric appear not to give a hoot about their daughter. like i said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. this is what they did: ursula- the new evil villain is morgana, ursula's sister who feels like she always lived in ursula's shadow. i wouldn't be scared of her if she showed up at my doorway with a knife. she can't do anything right and she's a failure as a villain. she has the same voice ursula did. sebastian & flounder - have been replaced by probably the most stupid sidekicks, tip & dash, a walrus and a penguin. they try to be hero's but always fail when trying. the plot is so predictable. they become heroes at the end. yawn. flatson& jetsom- now replaced by a shark who was turned about 10x smaller by triton. hes really bad too. morgana and the shark (sharkbait, i think was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. ariel-ah, ariel. our lovely mermaid was replaced by her un-lovely daughter, melody. melody cannot sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her in the face because shes so fake sugary sweet. she wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her, she has to go find herself. yawn.not only is the movie boring and unoriginal its so simplistic when you watch this movie you will gasp at how bad it is. certain parts of the movie make you want to call disney up and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original.basically, comparing the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid is like comparing and ed wood movie to casablanca. don't ever watch this, not even when your bored.

if there's one thing you can count on disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. even watching the commercial for lady and the tramp ii was a horrible experience. disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. it even had that spaghetti meatball scene. it's been done before! and that's what i say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of bluth's really bad movies. the penguin and walrus duo(i've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of timon and pumbaa. morgana is another ursula. she even repeats practically all her old lines. the songs are pathetic, really abysmal. i've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. and the dialogue is atrocious. it's pathetic and simplistic. on the plus side, at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. all of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for little mermaid fans). back on the negative, melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. i almost did. do yourself and your little mermaid fan a favor. don't waste your money on this. true, it's not as horrific as return of jafar or pocahontas ii, but that's little consolation.

well then, thank you so much disney for destroying the fond memories i used to have of my former favorite movie. i was about 5 when the original movie came out, and it was one of the first movies i remember seeing. so, now that i'm 16, and feeling masochistic enough, i decided to rent this movie. thus, i managed to poison all my memories of the original movie with this sorry excuse for a movie. this movie takes everything that made the original endearing and wrecks it, right down to the last detail.in this movie, ariel and eric celebrate the birth of their daughter, melody, and go to show her to everyone in the ocean...broadway style! after the musical number ends, within minutes, the sea witch morgana shows up and threatens to kill melody if triton doesn't give up the trident. thus, he gives it up without even a fight. eric stands there gaping, though ariel figures out how to use a sword and save melody. morgana escapes, so ariel and eric decide that melody should never go near the sea until morgana is caught.well...uh, nothing of note really happens. eric is a total wuss. he never really manages to do anything. ariel sort of does something. melody manages to screw things up. plus, the animation is a new low-point for disney. the computer graphics wind up clashing with the backgrounds. ever single opportunity for character development is wasted. the songs bite.look, don't waste your time. i'm pretty sure even the little kids are going to be bored out of their skulls with this, since nothing even remotely exciting ever happens. they won't want to sing the songs. if you manage to grab a copy of this, throw it out into the ocean and hope that nobody ever finds it. ever.

yep, the topic is a straight quote from the movie and i think it's pretty accurate. i was so bored to dead with this pointless effort. all the flashes etc. making no sense after first 20 minutes is just bad film making + if you are epileptic, you would have died at least five times already. of course all the david lynch fans would raise a flag for this kind of turkey to be "the best film ever made" because it doesn't make any sense and when it doesn't make any sense it's got to be art, and art movie is always good. right? i say wrong. this kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way to try to show that you're a good film maker. anthony hopkins as a excellent actor should just stay acting.

what seemed as a good premise for a movie...unfortunately it fails to deliver on nearly every level. very hard to follow at the start of the movie i actually found myself fighting the urge to turn it off the biggest problem from a visual aspect is the fact that the camera work is simply over the top with so many "arty" splicings and semi-subliminal cuts throughout the movie that actually distracts you from the from the overall story. it really tries too hard to immerse you in the moment and build to a suspenseful ending but the movie just has so many half conceived characters and non relevant script it just leaves you feeling disappointed and confused as to why they tried to go so deep with it.

okay...so i've seen a lot of really odd/unusual movies in my day. fear and loathing in las vegas comes to mind when i think of that. well not anymore...from here on out, whenever someone asks me, "hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" slipstream is what i'll say! and i do not mean "unusual" in a good way.from the very beginning of the movie, it was obvious that this was going to be one of those "trippy camera effect" movies. by that i mean, little things like flashing images on the screen, rewinding and fast-forwarding people's words and scenes, messing with the color on the screen, flash forwards and flash backs constantly...then you have the actual acting itself. people randomly get violent, shoot things/people, say the weirdest things that just don't make much, if any sense.the movie is about a writer who starts to intermingle real life with the book he's writing and for a lack of a better way to explain it, you basically see this "trip" he goes on throughout the movie. the thing is, johnny depp went on a similar trip in fear and loathing in las vegas but the only difference is that his trip was entertaining to watch, not painful! honestly, i had a real hard time even finishing slipstream. it kind of hurt my brain a bit.i can see some film buff making a claim as to this movie having certain cinematic nuances that make it not only unique but add to the feeling of dementia...blah, blah, blah. point is, this movie hurts your brain when you watch it....it makes very little sense, it takes all of your concentration to even remotely try and understand what is going on and even at the end, the only thing you can be happy about is that it's over...and you can say you actually sat through it! so in closing, if you want to see a movie that will have you saying "what the heck" over and over again both out loud and in your head, go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check this out.mr hopkins, while i applaud you as an actor and commend your choice to take a stab at directing....please, do not ever make a movie like this again. next time, try something that relies a little more on great storytelling than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.

this movie was a complete waste of time.i viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiasts, who have varied taste in movies yet always a keen eye for a work of "genius" (as one of my fellow commenters on this site had the gall to label this steaming pile…); not one of them found a single redeeming quality. we ended the movie with a rousing chorus of expletives i will not reprint here.i can only guess that the positive reviews provided here were written by sir anthony hopkins, himself. afterall, as one of those reviewers will tell you, he financed the film himself – because no one else in hollywood or anywhere else in the world, for that matter, would risk a single penny or their good name in association with this film. don't let the semi-famous actors who appear in the film lure you into its clutches – as christian slater admits in the special features "making of" he signed on to the film without reading the script or knowing any details (a folly i am sure he will never repeat).i pity the hapless individual who stumbles into this quagmire of self-indulgence written, directed, produced, and financed by a man who is too famous to admit to himself that not everything he creates is a masterpiece (and if you don't believe me please google "anthony hopkins" and art).

i wasn't entirely sure what to expect from a comedy, drama, fantasy, sci-fi genre, but, given the actors involved i thought i'd give it a spin. the tone of the film felt awkward, going through patches of each of the genres but never quite felt balanced, so eventually i gave up trying, and concentrated on the cinematography and individual performances, which i thought were good on the whole, considering each character had little depth because of the nature of the story (won't give anything away here). i have to say it felt a lot longer than its 96 minute runtime, and not in a good way. in the end i was looking for closure, some measure of satisfaction but it didn't turn out to be the clever or ingenious piece i had hoped it would be. i think tony mistakenly thought what he did do at the end of the film gave us that... but it was a tragic mistake to try and validate the previous 95 minutes with the ill-conceived conclusion. ultimately i feel cheated. imo it would have been better to let it stand without the "ending" as a piece of art... just. or... i may have missed the point completely :)

oh dear... as an englishman, and a small part welsh, a fan of anthony hopkins' work in the industry..... to date, i am truly disappointed. you see i am a nobody, who hoped for better. so my comments are as 'straw in the wind'. but, that's the point isn't it? - i have no axe to grind on the commercial value of a work. i, a full member of the great unwashed, go to see a movie to be transported to another place. to yes, suspend belief for a brief period. but not to enter a state of total disbelief.had this been by an unknown author and director, i would guess that this 'production' would have been castigated into oblivion. unfortunately, its not, and i was left wide eyed and confused. having seen some of the rave reviews given this work i am faintly worried....perhaps its that i try, without prejudice, to view each movie on its own merits. regardless of author, director, studio or even the notoriety of the content.my advice, as many before me: don't write and direct the same production. it is fraught with danger. movies need to be moderated to retain a semblance of credibility.as they say in school reports "could and can do better..."

i love anthony hopkins as an actor so i was very interested to see how he would do as a writer/director. i could not have been more disappointed by this move. the movie was so disjointed and the cinematography was so over done to the point i wanted to pull the plug out of the wall. the actors were very good but it was such a waste of talent. not all actors are cut out to be writers or directors and clearly mr. hopkins falls into this category. of all the movies i have ever seen in my 50 years, this is absolutely the worst movie ever. please do us all a favor mr. hopkins and stick to acting, which you are excellent at, and leave the writing and directing to those who are talented in those areas. if i could give this movie a rating less than one i certainly would.

i rented this movie on the merits of what the trailer showed, and of course sir anthony hopkins.if jackson pollack teamed up with david lynch, and timothy leary to make a movie, this would be the end result. i don't think i've seen a movie like it that made an lsd trip look like an episode of sesame street.it's a bunch of set pieces where the characters flash in and out of reality, or various realities, and the film doesn't culminate into anything until the last 5 minutes, where all of a sudden it makes sense. i wrote a scathing review on my movie review blog that essentially gives everything away, and i won't do that here. it's a well acted piece of cinema, and the soundtrack was written by sir anthony hopkins, and let me say this, if there's one redeeming feature to this film, it's the music. it fits perfectly. some of the dialogue is unbelievably good, and unbelievably bad all at the same time.i enjoyed parts of this movie, i truly did, and once you get to the end of it, you'll actually figure out what's truly going on. it's unfortunate that you have to wade through 2 hours of crazy to get to a salient point, which minimizes the effect of the entire movie.i give it a 3 out of 10 for the simple fact that the real problem with this film isn't the acting, it's everything.

this movie was a disappointment. i was looking forward to seeing a good movie. i am the type of person who starts a movie and doesn't turn it off until the end, but i was forcing myself not to turn it off. theonly reason why i didn't turn it off was because i am a huge christian slater fan and i wanted to see him act in it. i was really speechless after i finished watching the movie. this movie was one of the worst movies that i have seen in my life. thank you christian slater for putting some humor into it. if you hadn't been in this movie i would of been bored out of my mind.i also agree that anthony hopkins needs to stick to acting. by the time the movie was over i didn't even get the plot. i was both confused and annoyed.

i actually had quite high hopes going into this movie, so i took what was given with a grain of salt and hoped for the best. about 1/3 of the way through the film i simply had to give up, quite simply the movie is a mish-mash of stuff happening for no apparent reason and it's all disconnected. i love movies that make you think, but this movie was just a bunch of ideas thrown together and never really connected.don't think it's david lynch-esquire as some would have you believe, it is nowhere near that realm other than some trippy visuals. saying it's artsy to disguise the fact there's no apparent plot or story is just a manner or justifying why you wasted the 1.5 hours in the film. the acting was good, but that cannot save lack of story. i do agree with the one comment posted previously... "it's like being in some other person's head... while they're on drugs," in other words nothing makes sense.

i have seen bad movies before, but this one takes the "worst movie of a lifetime" award by far !! anthony hopkins has to be completely mentally ill to have his name attached to this one - anywhere ! i will never see another movie with him in it, directing it, etc., etc. ! i can't believe the other actors & actresses that i liked, (in this picture), that stooped so low to be a part of this disaster ! there must be some great drugs out there ! for anyone to not be embarrassed to be a part of such a film, is beyond me ! save your money on this one ! huge flop from beginning to end ! shame on you mr. hopkins ! also, shame on christian slater ! i can't believe you put your reputations on the line for this one !

what a muddled mess. i saw this with a friend a while ago and we both consider ourselves open-minded to the many wonders of cinema, but this sure isn't one of them.while there very well could be some good ideas/concepts and there are certainly some good performances (under the circumstances), it is all buried under random nonsense. sir anthony draws way too heavily from the same gene pool as natural born killers, u turn and similar films as far as the editing is concerned, or maybe he watched himself in nixon for inspiration. say what you want about david lynch, but at least he more often than not has a method to the madness.his quote of stating that he made the film as a joke says it all. it's not worth your money, bandwidth or time.

look, i'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. i don't need to watch it that way. i dig anthony hopkins, big time. i even watched fracture, and i knew that would be a steaming pile of quentin. but this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this "oh, but it's a realistic interpretation" excuse. this thing'll make your head hurt. it's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. i still love ah, and i'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this.

this movie is once again, one of those movies that someone thinks or tries to make others think that they understood it. anyone who tries to make any sense of this is a moron! my advise would be to take two not one but two hits of very strong acid and at least you'll get a visual thrill out of it!! although at the end you may kill yourself for wasting your acid!!!! being that this comment requires 10 lines of info, let me write something for those of you that will try to defend the movie. unintelligble. garbage. schitzoid. waste of talent. movie is ice, with paper on destination with ringing clouds, on a sunny dive in the pudding.... sounds like lion in a red light with seeing hair. now explain that to me!!!!

given the chance to write, direct and star in my own movie, i would probably choose something about robot women with guns. anthony hopkins, however, decided to make possibly the strangest movie anyone has ever seen. "slipstream" is a movie that is so strange that even david lynch would probably look at the person next to him and say 'what's going on?'.this is a movie where, in one scene, a man crosses the road towards a yellow car facing to the right which suddenly changes into a pink car facing to the left. this is a movie where two characters have a conversation interspersed with shots of random people laughing and insects climbing up walls. this is a movie where a man starts talking about "invasion of the bodysnatchers" only for the actor of that particular movie to suddenly show up as himself (and then disappear into thin air). this is a movie that decides to throw the need for a coherent plot straight out of the window and use fifteen different edits whilst doing so, as well as changing from black and white to colour for seemingly no reason at all.i must, however, commend mr hopkins for his choice of actors in this movie (some of whom portray multiple characters). all of those involved throw themselves into their roles, even if they probably have no idea what they're actually doing. my favourite here was christian slater's thug in a hat who was impressively menacing whilst babbling nonsense and singing the american national anthem. anthony hopkins has been quoted saying that he did this movie as a joke and that's possibly the best way to sum up "slipstream". it's a joke on the audience. you'll watch it from beginning to end, trying to understand what is going on and hoping that the answer will come, only to discover that the answer never actually does. what the punchline to this particular joke is, only anthony hopkins will ever know.i mentioned david lynch earlier and i'm a big fan of that particular director. i would guess that anthony hopkins shares my love for the likes of "twin peaks", "blue velvet" and "lost highway". however, "slipstream" isn't as satisfying as any of the movies of lynch despite imitating many of his techniques (although i was surprised to discover that nobody talks backwards in "slipstream"). it's far too chaotic and random - as another reviewer here pointed out, it's the movie version of alzheimer's disease. no doubt there are a small number out there who are able to watch this and draw something from it. unfortunately for the rest of us, "slipstream" quickly becomes an annoying and confusing experience that was only made due to hopkins' involvement.watch at your own risk.

what hopkins does succeed at with this effort as writer and director is giving us a sense that we know absolutely no one in the film. however, perhaps therein lies the problem. his movie has a lot of ambition and his intentions were obviously complex and drawn from very deep within, but it's so impersonal. there are no characters. we never know who anyone is, thus there is no investment on our part.it could be about a screenwriter intermingle with his own characters. is it? maybe. by that i don't mean that slipstream is ambiguous; i mean that there is no telling. hopkins's film is an experiment. on the face of it, one could make the case that it is about a would-be screenwriter, who at the very moment of his meeting with fate, realizes that life is hit and miss, and/or success is blind chance, as he is hurled into a "slipstream" of collisions between points in time, dreams, thoughts, and reality. nevertheless, it is so unremittingly cerebral that it leaves no room for any hint of emotion, even to the tiny, quite rudimentary extent of allowing us a connection with its characters.i didn't think the nippy and flamboyant school of shaky, machine-gun-speed camera-work and editing disengaged me, but reflecting upon the film i am beginning to realize that it had a lot to do with it. there are so many movies of the past decade in which the cuts or camera movement have sound effects as well as other atmosphere-deteriorating technical doodads. i suppose in this case it was justified in that its purpose was to compose the impressionistic responsiveness of dreams. however, i knew barely anything about slipstream when watching it, and i came out the same way. and i just do not care, because hopkins made no effort to make us care. there are interactive movies, and there are movies that sit in a rocking chair and knit, unaware of your presence. slipstream is the latter.

why did i waste 1.5 hours of my life watching this? why was this film even made? why am i even commenting on this film?one reviewer said this film took patience to watch and it was n't for everybody. i cannot figure out who this movie is for. maybe after dropping a hit of acid, somebody, somewhere could watch this and make some sense out of it. it is incoherent, it isn't experimental, it's plain and simple garbage. the film follows no plot line whatsoever, just when you think you have something, well.....you don't. i think the ending brought some finality to the film (no pun intended), the viewer gets a glimpse of what might have been going on. i don't think i put a spoiler in here, not that it would matter. this film is another must miss in the world of filmdom.

a confused mess from start to finish. like they used to say about the beatles'songs, there was a secret message if you played the lp backward. if one had the patience to watch this films scenes from finish to start, you'd come away with the same degree of disappointment.apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashbacks and false starts, the clearest characters were the movie backers, out for revenge if the movie didn't get sorted. there was nothing to like about these two either. overacting, shouting and threats were delivered in comic book fashion. i think one dimensional was an overstatement.okay, so maybe the artsy types are rolling their eyes reveling in the fact that unlike them, we plebeians just didn't get it. well i'm afraid there was nothing to get. and the two cardinal sins of any bad movie carried from start to finish. a non-existent and pathetic story line if you want to call it that, and by far the worst, not a single character you cared about in the least.

unless you are geeky film student who has to see everything, this film will not only be a waste of your time and money and a huge disappointment, but it will also make you angry beyond belief.there might be a story worth telling somewhere inside, but hopkins decided to hide it and encode under so many incessant chaotic layers of apparently random audio video microcuts, making the viewer's patience run thin after a very short while.why would someone like hopkins choose such a heavy, most difficult and highly unstable project as his first script, first score and third film can by anyones guess. maybe he played with it in his mind for such a long time until it became unrecognizable as what it became, not even for himself. the result proves that he has by far not enough experience or skill to achieve the desired result.even the weirdest carpenter and lynch films, to name just two uncoventional filmmakers, had 90% more coherence, 95% less characters and 99% more story flow.sir anthony you aimed for the stars, but unfortunately missed by a couple of light years. please stick to acting, in that department you are a unequaled giant and nobody should ask more from you, not even yourself!

you know this is gonna be a cheesy movie when:1. it was made it the 50's 2. it's in black and white. 3. it has no name actors! 4. screaming makes up for the lack of special effects!well not to be outdone - this movie brilliantly incorporated all four of the above elements to turn this into a true cinematic blunder.okay - shhhhh but i am gonna discuss special effects here - or lack of them - did you catch the underwater scenes? it looks like it was poorly filmed through an aquarium - note the cape flapping in the breeze.and the repeated re-use of stock footage, (exterior house shots, the bridges scenes -- great enhanced the k-r-a-f-tiness of this film - not since "plan 9" - have i seen such creative usage of stock footage.and hey where there was a lack of special effects - not to worry - screaming does take the place of special effects in this movie as well. yes this movie even cleverly used that old hack trick.grab the popcorn - set your brain on stun (several fermented beverages definitely helps), sit back, and wonder: why the heck did they put this on film again?wayno

surely no saturday morning tv kids' show was ever done this poorly. after all, those producers had to count on the audience coming back. well, in this awful offering, they could at least count the money they saved on sets. the script could have been a reject from some long-forgotten space opera serial, with a few smarmy lines added for cool-dude gerald mohr to murmur to naura hayden. no director could have done anything decent with such a loony storyline, so the action just plods boringly along. the spaceship props are absurd--a bulova wall clock and portable typewriter, for example--but the planet sets have got to be some of the worst in cinematic history. most are crude drawings, and it's all bathed in an often misfocused red light. even mohr's bare hairy chest is used as a prop. and it's a bad one--as rib-thin as the plot. any viewer who can make it to the end of this movie will hear a message from the martians--and will probably agree completely!

very bad but watchable science fiction film that suffers from abominable special effects, poor acting, and a ridiculous story. the film opens with a spaceship returning from exploration on mars with a woman and a man with green slime on his arm. she, through some hokey plot contrivances, begins to tell what happened on this fateful trip as almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically wiped off. four astronauts take on this journey: a military type played by gerald mohr, a poor man's humphrey bogart who enjoys saying the word "irish" and has the acting savvy of a codfish, then there is naura hayden, a beautiful redhead and only female crew member on flight with three men wearing the most formfitting suits possible to accentuate all her curves, next, les tremaine, a wonderful character actor from cheap sci-fi films like this as the egghead, and last, jack kruschen as sammy - the guy from brooklyn with jokes and doesn't seem too bright although chosen for his expertise in electronics. none of these performers are really any good, and all of them say their dialog with little conviction. watch tremaine as he utters that scientific nonsense! really, the best out of the four is kruschen - and that really says a lot about this film. but bad acting aside, the movie just falls apart when they land on mars via flashback. the angry red planet had a real cheap budget because mars is really the american southwest with a heavy red tint over it. when the story calls for something that might look martian, there are drawings placed with a heavy red tint over them. you can tell they are drawings the monsters are perhaps even worse as we get a bat-rat-spider with a size upwards of 40 feet that looks like some kids got together piecing dead animals together. the other significant creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. whew! these are bad. there is a nice drawing of a martian city, but there just was not enough of this in the film. despite all these big problems, the angry red planet is a fun bad film. it is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. most of the stuff they used in the movie is so outdated. one guy is using an electric razor with a cord and i thought they can get to mars but they are still using cords. director ib melchior gives an interesting look to much of the film even with the budgetary constraints, but the story by him and sid pink doesn't fly. and how bout that ending with the music and the psychedelic colors? groovy man!

brief summary: this movie demeans everyone it touches. that means you.first off, let me say i'm not a purist, and this might have been funny for a few minutes. the impersonations are not bad. but overall it's just dull and excruciatingly not funny. a few simple jokes are repeated over and over again.it's clear that this movies only exists to squeeze the last few dollars out of the now-trademarked laurel and hardy. the producers cannot have any real regard for their place in film history, or their talents. this is what offended me the most.of course, my daughter liked it, so i'm also a failure as a parent ;)

even if it were remotely funny, this mouldy waxwork of a film would still be soberingly disrespectful. stopping just short of digging up the boys' corpses and re-enacting 'weekend at bernie's' – but only just – producer larry harmon and the director of the frickin' 'ernest' films use holding the copyright as an excuse to crap all over stan and ollie's legacy. gailard sartain does a fair ollie impersonation but bronson pinchot wouldn't reach tenth place in a stan lookalike contest; even if they were both spot on the film would be no less detestable. the less said about the surrounding catastrophe the better. makes 'utopia' look like a dignified swan song.

i have seen most, if not all of the laurel & hardy classic films. i have always enjoyed there comical stupidly, even after watching it over and over again. this new film attempts to bring back the classic with two new actors who resemble both laurel & hardy, however fails miserably for various reasons. one of which is how out of place their cloths are (still early 20th century) however are both portrayed in the 90's setting. some of the former dialogue was brought back, however it also fails miserably to come close to the classic series. this film could very well be the worst film i have ever seen and should be pulled off the shelf and locked away forever. the real laurel & hardy are surly spinning in their graves at such a bad imitation.

i put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home, because i had packed away all their toys. (toddlers don't like to watch "regis and kathie lee" or "the view.") my four year old found one scene funny, but told me the rest of it was "too silly." this is a four year old, folks. anyone over the age of, say, nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out.to say this movie is bad is like saying the holocaust was a little mistake. there are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this "film" truly is. the acting is bad, the plot is stupid, and the script is pathetically unfunny. since this is supposed to be a comedy, the fact that you cannot even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse. bronson "balki" pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent (irish-pakistani-bronx-cockney-cajun as far as i could tell), but all the characters are awful. i haven't watched a real laurel and hardy film in ages, but i know that they had to be way better than this. what is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with... this?bottom line: derivative garbage. avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky bronson pinchot fetish. 2/10

what on earth has become of our dear ramu? is this the same man who made sarkar, satya, and comapny? i refuse to believe so. if aag was ramu's most ambitious project, he has clearly jumped off the high cliff he has ascended by giving the industry some of the greatest works of all times. this movie is made to fall like a brick. i was cringing to leave the theater, but i was forced to sit because i wouldn't have been able to take my car out of the parking lot before others also left. else, nothing would have made me sit beyond interval.this movie is nowhere close to sholay. it doesn't even come near it within a mile. i believe ramu surely loves the godfather more than sholay, since sarkar was a classic piece of work. i read ramu's interview a couple of days back, in which the interviewer said that ramu doesn't sleep for more than 4 hours a day, that too not at a stretch. i completely agree with this now, as his lack of sleep has probably taken its toll on the movie.there is no power in the performance. amitabh bachchan doesn't even look scary. he looked more terrifying in the few posters and wallpapers i saw earlier. ramu's favorite nisha kothari did a fantastic job in sarkar because she didn't have many dialogs (in fact none if i remember clearly). she opened her mouth in this movie, and has found a place in history. the new guy playing jai's role seems to have that brash look, but didn't manage jai's role at all. i cant go on... im sorry... my pain is too big for me to manage right now.i promised myself throughout the movie that i will watch the original sholay once more just to see that it is still there.bottom line: horrible movie. the media and critics are going to cook ramu's goose. and just to remind all readers once more, i am one of the biggest ramu fans, and even i cant spare him for this act.

where to begin? how best to describe just how awful this movie is???let's start with the campy hick humor. it isn't very funny. add a bunch of musicians impersonating actors - meat loaf is horrible and deborah harry is even worse. pity poor art carney, who should have known better than to do this movie.and then there is the plot. a roadie whose life goal is to work an alice cooper show meets a girl whose life goal is to be a groupie for alice cooper. at least they get what they want...and then, just when the movie should end, they can't come up with a more plausible last scene than a - well, i won't ruin it for you if you really want to see the movie.there are certain actors that let you know that this is going to be a "b" movie or perhaps worse. gailard sartain is one of them for me - and he has a more prominent role. that's a sure sign that the movie probably won't be very good. if nothing else, the movie lives up to the low expectations - even exceeds them by being worse than poor.let's just say this. this is the movie against which all bad movies are compared. and none are worse than roadie.

the first look on the cover of this picture, it looks like a good rock n roll movie. but don't let the cover fool you, or the fact that alice cooper and blondie is in it. the storyline is just horrible, and so is the acting. plain and simple: badit's not a movie about a roadie, its just a thin love story, so awful that you see right through it. the only good thing about this movie, is the soundtrack.some good songs, and that is why i give 2 out of 10. if it wasn't for the music, it would of been 0 out of 10. meat loaf is a horrible actor(at least he was in 1980), and the girl who plays the groupie isn't even good looking! this movie was a huge disappointment for me, because it makes a lot of good promises.

four years after making his directorial debut with the art-house snoozer "welcome to l.a.", alan rudolph shows us what he really wanted from hollywood was to be one of the guys. "roadie" is a frat-boy fracas complete with barroom brawls, horny harpies, art carney in a souped-up wheelchair...and meat loaf at the wheel. meat loaf (playing travis w. redfish!) is actually a rather charming presence on the screen, and perhaps in a smaller role (in a better movie) he might indeed be ingratiating, but zalman king's script is full of stereotypical redneck humor and helpless meat loaf is kept wide-eyed and moronic. alice cooper, roy orbison, hank williams, jr., and blondie all make appearances--and all look embarrassed. they certainly should, "roadie" is one bad trip. no stars from ****

some of the worst, least natural acting performances i've ever seen. which is perhaps not surprising given the clunky, lame dialog given to the one note characters. add to that the cheap production values and you've got a movie that doesn't look like it even belongs on television. one doesn't expect much from a lifetime movie, especially one this old, but this is nearly unwatchably bad.plot-wise, it's a dreadful, clichéd romance of a type even harlequin would consider beneath them. it's possible to guess how the remainder of the movie will go by simply watching the opening couple of scenes. surprise, the only female character who gets any focus and the mysterious stranger end up falling in love.

they should have named this movie ...blonde women that needed to get their roots colored. also the main character, geeze, the too tight sweaters. the giggling. thought the guy did a good job though. i keep hoping we'll find a good 8 star christmas movie to watch this week. the dart throwing. had to laugh at that too. we've still got 3 more on the dvr to watch, maybe we'll get lucky. oh yeah, i figured the guy out pretty quickly and nailed it when he picked up the flowers and then drove out with his cousin. i told my daughter they were on their way to the cemetery. and how stupid was it that the two gals followed them there spying on them? creepy.

a note to all of you budding film writers: study this film. if your dialog reads like the dialog in this film, please shred your script and try again.i didn't have high expectations, but was intrigued by the description indicating there was a mystery at the christmas ornament factory. the mystery is resolved very early and the film becomes a straight romance. i almost stopped watching it at 5 minutes, 10 minutes, and at the first break. my spouse , who is the hallmark & lifetime fan, gave up at the first break. forest river is a company town - the main business is aikens ornaments, who make all manner of holiday decorations.the patriarch of the company has recently passed away, so the companies future might be in question. we soon meet noelle, who would rather be on wall street than main street, and the mysterious justin, who gets a date with noelle after a large snowman she is inflating crashes into justins car. once we meet alison aikens, doing due diligence for the board, we have our story setup.if you can't nail all the story arcs by the first commercial break, you haven't seen enough of this kind of holiday film. maybe that's a good thing.

it's very sad that lucian pintilie does not stop making movies. they get worse every time. niki and flo (2003) is a depressing stab at the camera. it's unfortunate that from the many movies that are made yearly in romania , the worst of them get to be sent abroad ( e.g. chicago international film festival). this movie without a plot , acting or script is a waste of time and money. score: 0.02 out of 10.

i find it rather useless to comment on this "movie" for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon.it's similar to a rotten egg which has nothing good to show to the world excerpt for the fact that it is rotten as other endless number of eggs have been before it. but since a comment is mandatory for such a grandiose insignificance ... filth is definitely the proper word to describe this movie created in the same manner as any other romanian "movie" directed by lucian pintilie who insists to depict the so called "romanian reality" following the communist era (1990 to present days).under no circumstances recommended for people outside romania as for the others (who lately find amateurish camera, lack of plot, lack of directorial / actors's quality etc, noise etc. as being trendy and even art-like) : watch & enjoy this "movie" (as i know you will) but do the other well intentioned imdb members a favor, don't write an online review for it will misguide, irritate and in the end waste their time.on the other hand this movie (among others) has some value whatsoever, an educational one for it sets the example for : "how not to make a movie."

i saw this movie twice. i can't believe pintilie made such a fantasy movie. i'm also a movie/theatre director and i know what i speak. this is not romania anymore, but i see the events are happening in the same period with the incident from 11 september. no story, no plot, nothing. no conclusion, no message, nothing profound, nothing hidden. just empty images.what most of romanians don't know, this movie is for the french viewers, not for us. they really believe that is the reality in romania. also for teenagers. pintilie should stop making movies. i don't really know if we can call this a movie, maybe a horror :) and we wonder why we've got such an image in europe. this was a reality, but isn't anymore. a good friend of mine from the brithish embassy said: "you have no idea what a long way romanian people walked from ceausescu".

this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching, and started skipping scenes. it seems to me whomever made this movie is afflicted to the extent of becoming trapped in a permanent morbid trance, unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction. well, i ain't one of the dark kids from southpark, i want a movie that within 10 minutes gets me well into an interesting story, i won't sit and watch 10 minutes of nothing but preparations for a funeral.. my grandma on her last years was fascinated by funerals, perhaps she might have enjoyed this "movie".

this was god awful. the story was all over the place and more often than not i was confused because of horrible editing. i felt no sympathy for anyone because their characters were not developed enough. they were extremely superficial people with no dimension. cheesy, cheesy stereotypes with subplots that went nowhere. the stripper chick was just a distraction, even if she was decent looking. i don't know what this was attempting to be, but how shocked was i when they showed this trash on sundance? i almost cancelled my subscription. you'd think a channel like that would show more quality films. there are much, much better gay and lesbian themed films out there. "the celluloid closet" is an excellent documentary. i thoroughly enjoyed "wigstock: the movie". i'm sure there are others that have slipped my mind at the moment, but what i'm trying to say is that this just wasn't worth it. if you catch it on tv, ok, but otherwise don't bother.there were maybe three or four shots that looked really nice (sad i can count them on one hand), otherwise the cinematography was pretty crappy as well. the lighting was way off in a lot of places. i think some of the effects were used to try and add to something that just had practically nothing going for it.i can't deny johnny rebel is pretty hot (without the blond hair of course). too bad his acting did nothing for me. stick with real porn, buddy.3/10.

i wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. it wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. the storyline is different and i am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. directing and acting were awful!! i had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. i think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. i still think that it is worth watching as i haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****

this is a great idea for a film but it, unfortunately, doesn't turn out to be a great movie. what starts out as a sweet and almost goofy romantic comedy about a fluffer in love with his fluffee spirals out of control into a bizarre combination of genres and a veritable stew of plots, with liberal borrowings from boogie nights, thelma and louise, showgirls, frisk, and even a curious "dash" of 400 blows thrown in towards the end. (at least the director did his research!) the result is not necessarily boring but, in the end, this slick, well-produced flick doesn't quite add up to anything. however, the actors all do a game job with the material and there are a few good laughs at the behind-the-scenes world of gay porn.

now here is a film that if made in australia would have easily been a comedy. sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from lala land. how did the di-erector get it so wrong? well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliché (but somehow cute)...or is that cliché piled upon cliché. no value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to gus van sant's gerry..... and with a title like the fluffer how is it all such a lead weight? well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to burt and boogie first that he had to make his own. convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and tv serial level storyline left. the un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. in oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called moneyshot. originally filmed as the venus factory it too suffered from an auteur more awful than orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless tv editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! a lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. i guess the fluffer stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, i can understand why.

a pointless movie with nothing but gratuitous violence. the only fun i had was playing "spot the location", as much of it was filmed in my home town of regina, saskatchewan. i like to support locally produced films but this one was a major disappointment.

you ever sit through a movie and after it's all over it's like one big "wtf!?". welcome to decoy. another straight to video action fodder flick you can immediately forget about having watched or better yet don't watch it at all. peter weller and robert patrick star and are quickly wasted in this going nowheres fast mercenaries-for-hire action dud where the story is pretty darn bad and the action sucks and what's the point of watching an action flick if the action blows? robert patrick in particular hits a new low in an action sequence that has him firing a machine gun while standing on the hood of a moving school bus. co-stars the ambient charlotte lewis and canada's own scott hylands (of tv's night heat fame).

charlotte's deadly beauty and lethal kicks make the movie cooler than it'd be otherwise.the story is so poor and charlotte's character dies in such a foolish way, that you wonder if this's the ending they had thought of for this movie. i wish somebody could tell that an alternative ending exists, but i fear it doesn't. as for the rest of the cst, well i'd say they simply didn't act very well; although the blame should be put on the poor script.this movie reminds me of rush hour 2 where zhang ziyi dies in absurd way, since she had been the only one who had stolen the show during the whole movie. i could give this movie 2/5

when you pick a movie i hope one factor you will consider, are the actors in the movie using their fame to influence the moral fabric of our society in a positive or negative way? this is not a political statement this is a moral issue that effects are society. when a comedian/actor makes curl sexual and racist remarks about a teenager and her father we should ask ourselves (do i want to support that behavior)? in this case mr. foxx behavior tears at the social fabric that teaches our youth right from wrong, good behavior from bad that loving-kindness is better than hatefulness. mr. foxx should remember he is only entertainment and there is a lot of that out there for us to choose from. saying sorry does not get him off the hook. it will not undue the hurt or remove the bad behavior he spreads to our youth. one way to stop this behavior is to stop being a fan of it. no longer see anything they are part of. we cannot change them but we can stop the fame we give them.

what could have been an engaging-and emotionally charged character study is totally undermined by the predictable factor. fox is ok as nathaniel ayers, the julliard trained musician who dreams of playing with the walt disney orchestra until his bouts with schizophrenia drive him into the street and ultimately skid row. looking for a good story to boost his flagging career, reporter steve lopez {robert "rehab" downey } gets to know him and tells his story. taking every element of the classic "how we hit the skids" movies, borrowing very liberally from "a beautiful mind", taking the bogus "feel good" attitude of films like "rocky"-you pick the sequel number-and whipping up too much 1930s style melodrama all that is left on the screen is a burnt out shell of a movie. it is corny, trite, utterly predictable and plays way too often on our sentiments. i hate to say it, but this is the kind of movie that, if you say you hated it, people will give you bad looks. i really wish i could say something positive about this film, but i really can't. the acting redeems it somewhat, but not enough for me to give it more than one star. strictly made for tv movie stuff. not worth your time.

anyone who has seen 'shine',scott hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist david helfgotts; will i am sure realise that 'the soloist' is very poor in comparison.it is as slow as a lullaby( i took five breaks answering emails just to wake up). the depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent, on a par i fear with the awful beach battle depiction in joe wrights other disaster attonment. .j fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.downey on the other hand; although struggling with a badly paced film, still manages to charm,9is it me or is he turning into george clooney in more ways than one?). comparing both these well known so called 'star'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of 'shine's' geoeffry rush who's brilliant performance definitely shone far brighter in my sky. with both 'attonment' and 'the soloist' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. read the book and articles or wait for the dvd its bound to be in the bargain basement soon.

the soloist has all ingredients to impress the academy. its director, joe wright, has already authored a best picture candidate. the leading actor, robert downey jr., starred in a widely praised superhero film. finally, the movie itself is a drama. when it was mysteriously pulled from release in late 2008, filmgoers and critics were baffled. now that i've seen it, i assure you universal didn't just delay this film to promote iron man-oscar buzz. the soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict that is vastly inferior to any 2009 best picture candidates.downey and co-star jamie fox aren't to be blamed for this mishap. joe wright is largely at fault but even he can't save a lifetime story. many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. this one is unusually simple. it's a movie about a newspaper reporter, steve lopez (downey), who befriends a homeless musician, nathaniel ayers (jamie fox). that's it. ayers is schizophrenic and doesn't resonate with lopez's traditional approach to friendship. the two become friends. they begin this movie as acquaintances and are bffs by its end. tension consists of moments like this: will ayers let lopez take him to the homeless shelter? this material would have been better suited as a made-for-tv production rather than a feature film.wright includes many scenes of cheap humor to obscure the lack of content. lopez battles yard-defiling raccoons in what i consider a sub-plot. do you remember when this happened in atonement or pride and prejudice? those films were structured enough to permit an occasional joke but nothing so prolonged. ayers' back story is fleshed out when it doesn't need to be. worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. it's a way of admitting that the main story carries little appeal. nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a tough upbringing (i was too). this is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy with ayers when most of us already have it. he's a homeless schizophrenic for crying out loud! the movie somewhat conveys humanity's love for music, like amadeus and beethoven lives upstairs. it isn't as effective as either of those pictures, however. the entire film is hinged on ayers' schizophrenia. it ultimately is how he interacts with everyone else. his being a musician is a nice touch but hardly worth including. the film doesn't incorporate this characteristic fully into his persona. take music out of amadeus or beethoven lives upstairs, and no film remains. the soloist is more about friendship in general than music. nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and few lines of dialog would need to be seriously altered.this is only joe wright's third film, and his first that isn't a romance staring keira knightley. let's hope this film isn't an indication of how limited his abilities are. there are stylistic nods to his earlier works but the soloist is much weaker than either of them. in his defense, universal should not have agreed to widely release this picture. this film seems tailored for imagine entertainment (distributors of changeling). i wouldn't be so disappointed with it if had a limited release. its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally.

this film is hardly good, not great at all. a few memorable scenes and the unlucky choice of pairing norma jean with an actual actress. jane russell has it all working for her, marilyn's lesser woman and/or actress. one can only wonder why this is considered being one of the highlights of her lame career. 3/10

evidently lots of people really like this, but i found it infantilising and reasonably offensive codswallop, saved from oblivion by jane russell and a couple of memorable musical numbers, especially the opener (but there's a marked dip in invention later on). i don't get on with monroe - she's supposed to be playing a dumb blonde who ain't that dumb, but she just comes over as dumb. russell can't quite convince when she claims never to have been in a gymnasium, but is otherwise rather wonderful. the men are staggeringly uninteresting, as is the plot. by no means atrocious, but so patchy that, if this is a classic, god help us all.

this is a movie about how men think women think about love. no woman describes a one-night sexual encounter and declares it a love story.of the ten monologues i felt only three really had any kind of truth ring through them. i kept waiting for the film to get better, and it did a bit, but never better enough.this is an interesting concept, and i kept wanting it to be good, but it never succeeded. maybe if they actually were love stories it would have worked.

contrary to another reviewer, i think that this is well-written, especially the more fictional it is, because greater imagination would be required; and well acted, because there were no other characters with whom to share the focus of these dozen-minutes-plus, well-done monologues. but i'm just not entertained by such solemn, pious rememberances. everybody has a story to tell and some are more interesting than others. everybody has problems and some are more intense than others. these are just ten, not-very-atypical stories and problems, exemplifying how anybody's life (or part of it) is fodder for film. then again, i think poorly of tv's reality shows, too. so, if that's your bag, you may like this. it's the kind of stuff that would make for good 'phone and/or internet gossip; but absolutely without other-than-verbal action. and, although each of the speakers is female, i'm gonna leave gender outta this.

i discovered this movie on ifc, and i thought it would be interesting. for "tiny" love stories, some of the stories really dragged on in this movie. the fact that none of these women had names almost makes you suspect that the actresses were talking about their own real sex lives, including kathy baker and alicia witt. i have to admit, i want to start seeing some more romantic views of first sexual encounters again, like in "strike!(1998)," when odette sinclair's acquaintances started asking about her presumed first time, and tweety asked "was it beautiful?"some might think re-enactments and flashbacks would improve this movie. i think it would make things even worse. it doesn't necessarily have to be hardcore porn to get my attention, but somehow i just expected more.

the exclamation point in the title is appropriate, albeit an understatement. this movie doesn't just cry -- it shrieks loud enough to shatter glass.filmmakers andrew and virginia stone made shrill, humorless suspense thrillers that strove for a semi-documentary feel. here, they shot on actual new york locations with tinny "real-life" acoustics to jack up the verisimilitude. but the naturalism of the sound recording only serves to amplify the stones' maladroit dialog and the mouth-frothing histrionics of tortured butterfly inger stevens.in a performance completely devoid of modulation, stevens plays the wife of electronics whiz james mason (looking haggard and bored); both are held captive by extortionist rod steiger (looking bloated and bored) and his slimy cohorts in a scheme to blackmail an airline with a deadly bomb that mason has unwittingly helped construct.here is another credibility-straining instance of a criminal mastermind so brilliantly attentive to every detail, yet knuckleheaded enough to hire a drug-addicted degenerate as an underling. the stones' idea of nail-biting tension is to trap the hysterical stevens alone with benzedrine-popping rapist neville brand, filling the frame with his sweaty, drooling kisser. but the camera work is so leaden and brand so (uncharacteristically) demure that the effect is hardly lurid, much less suspenseful. the stones, a square pair at heart, don't even have the courage of their own lack of convictions.the film, which ends with the portly steiger chasing the fleet-footed stevens on a subway train track, is as clumsy as its ungainly heavy. with angie dickinson as steiger's amoral girlfriend, jack klugman, kenneth tobey, and barney philips.

i found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. it seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. in one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. they painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. at the same time, the kidnapped man (mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. after all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. there are also large narration scenes that take us "inside the thinking" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. we are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. the greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. i mean it just..."ends" in a snore.

the best thing i can say about this film is that it is well-paced. it did not fall flat. the next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be edward, the always marvelous holland taylor, and the actor playing taylor's husband. the actor helping to critique messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. okay, that's about it on the positive side.dermot mulroney, whom i adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for messing than in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. as others noted, he appears to have no emotional investment in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. messing, on the other hand, sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with mulroney. she is adequate doing so, but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help. give her an "e" for effort and a "c+" for achievement. given mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped messing would have been a brilliantly cavalier irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, jeffrey. instead, his performance is weak-kneed, mewling, and feckless.if i tried to analyze this one any further, i'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. it's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and less obnoxious (and less creative) than the wedding singer, but you're much better off watching "my best friend's wedding" again.

no cinematic achievements here, however that's not even the important question. how does it fare in its endeavour to be a competent date movie--and star vehicle?the formula requires the cute female lead a la ryan or aniston--check; there's a built-in tv audience!add thick-headed, compliant men, usually including the problem ex-boyfriend/fiancée--check. assemble a plot that maximizes the bankability of the stars. so far, so good.what is the male lead to consist of? he has to make all the women in the movie and in the audience (and the gay flight stewards) instantly swoon. but...he cannot be so hunky as to threaten to the male audience, and he can't outshine the star. roll cameras...the problem is messing thinks she's still in a sitcom...she has only one presentation: as the wide-eyed doormat that she's made a career out of. a capable actress might have pulled it off after the love scene, where things promptly nosedive into the soap suds. you can't help feeling good for mulroney...you can read it in his face that he sees through all of this. he's gotten all the respect of a lifetime .260 hitter. this time, he smacks one out to the warning track, and no one can figure out what to do, as he amusedly takes home plate.

i can't figure al pacino out. i watch him in the godfather, scarface, carlito's way, and i think i am watching one of the greatest actors of the last thirty years. then i see him in two for the money, any given sunday and revolution, and i wonder what the guy is thinking.i stumbled on revolution a few nights ago, and thought i would invest the next two hours on this. here is a news flash: want to get prisoners to talk? force them to watch this over and over...they'll confess to anything.i won't rehash the plot since there is no coherent plot, but it does take place during the american revolution and pacino plays an uneducated peasant who does not want to get involved, but ultimately does. while he has no money, no education and dresses like a caveman, a very hot natasha kinski falls in love with him for no apparent reason, since they have only two minutes of dialogue together.quite frankly, if "al smith" starred in this movie, instead of "al pacino", it would have ruined their career. the script was horrible, but pacino's demotivated performance and obvious fake accent made it even worse. donald sutherland's role was laughable. i really can't describe it. natasha kinski is a main character, but has like 5 lines in the movie. in fact, nobody speaks much in this movie.one of the most laughable premise in the movie is how al pacino and kinski have this uncanny knack to continually run into each other on the battlefield. its like the entire northeast is a starbucks. "hey, funny to see you here again, on another battlefield 100 miles away...see you in a few months".i am required to give this one star by imdb, since there is nothing here for a negative score.

i'm all for the idea of a grand epic of the american revolutionary war. this ain't it. (and for that matter, neither was the emmerich/devlin/gibson the patriot. but i digress.)i saw this film at a publicity screening at the old mgm studios (now sony) just before it came out. the audience had high expectations for this expensive period piece, written by veteran robert dillon, directed by the esteemed hugh hudson (of chariots of fire fame), and starring al pacino.but it didn't take long for people to start squirming in their seats, whispering derisive comments about pacino's horribly misconceived accent -- he was supposed to be an american frontiersman of scottish ancestry(!) -- and that of nastassja kinski, who was supposed to be recently emigrated from england(!!). then the story started and it all went downhill fast.motivations were muddled, dialogue was atrocious, events had no historical or political context. what there was of a plot lurched forward on absurd coincidence; by the second or third time that alleged lovers pacino and kinski stumbled into each other it had become a bad joke. donald sutherland gave an unhinged performance as a british officer/pederast. his accent was all over the map too. i guess there weren't any english actors available.lots of people left. those who stayed tried to stifle giggles, then openly guffawed. i stuck it out -- i figured that at least the battle scenes might be good. i was wrong. inexplicably, hudson chose to film them with hand-held cameras, not even steadicam, the jerkiness giving a misplaced newsreel 'authenticity' which ruined the sense of scale.there was a semi-famous tv reviewer in the audience a few rows ahead of me: (the late) gary franklin of channel 7 eyewitness news. i could tell he was peeved by the behavior of the rest of us. and sure enough, on his tv segment the next day he gave the film a '10' on his notorious 'franklin scale of 1 to 10', while remarking churlishly about the louts who'd disrupted the screening the night before, who clearly didn't know art when they saw it. what a buffoon.after this disaster, pacino didn't star in another film for almost 4 years. hugh hudson's career never recovered. you can't say i didn't warn you.

a good cast and they do their best with what they're given, but the story makes no sense, the characters' actions are inexplicable, and there are too many moments of unintentional humor, as when a man is killed by being pierced with pieces of a phonograph record or when they get the witch drunk to a hip hop beat and then hit her over the head with a bottle and she grabs her hostage and pouts off. the scene when the two witch and her victim (played by the same actress) are in the house together sets up like a 3 stooges routine, and the plot begs the question: if the witch wants to possess this other woman's soul, why doesn't she just do it instead of leading these people on this elaborate chase? not to be missed is christopher walkin's eyeglasses and his automotive explanation of the afterlife (paraphrased): "the ancient egyptianas - they wee materialists. they expected the body to last through eternity, like a used car that you souped up. but the druids, they knew you couldn't drive in the afterlife. you had to get out and walk." huh? the ending is absolutely indecipherable. seems like they just ran out of film.

i hate plane crash movies...all of them! in fact, i hate them all with a passion! first of all, they are cheap-looking and have no craftsmanship! secondly, they insult the airline industry and say to the audience that all planes do is...fall out of the sky and crash!why i wince at such a film? this could happen to any of us and with worser consequences than those suffered by the characters in said movie...which is the only chilling aspect of an airline disaster yarn such as this. i hate this movie because it's like all the 50,000,000 stupid-ass airplane chaos movies before it! freefall is like all the others: nothing more than boredom before the clichéd bullshit dramatic scenes take place. first, off we have same cast of retards on this flying death trap: the cleaver-esquire family of three, the yuppie baastard, and the bitch of a flight attendant complete with a big blond hairdo from 1987 scolding anyone who is the least bit frightened! my second gripe is this shouldn't be a full-length movie, but a documentary explaining everything about the air canada "gimbli glider" incident a.k.a "freefall" right down to the safety precautions.my third and final gripe is with all airline films of this caliber(with the exception of fearless) why the hell did the male steward instruct the passengers to remove there shoes? (i could understand high heels and sharp, loose objects, but c'mon!)like that's gonna' make them any more f#*king safer than they are now! this plane if they(the passengers) didn't know any better: knew they were going to crash land. why would you force 100 injured people down a rubber slide that can cause skin to peel and bleed on impact only to walk in their stocking feet on a debris field! does this make any sense to anyone?fearless and the hit abc series "lost" had more depth and realism to air disaster than just "plane malfunctions-people panic-stewards become assholes-plane lands without wheels in a field-people wander without shoes and jackets, etc. the same old crap from airport 1975! freefall was so typical of a air-crash movie that i almost expect to see either charlton heston or peter graves burst into the damn passenger cabin at any moment. could we at least see how these poorly-acted characters go back to normalcy instead of people rejoicing amidst the impending tragedy that is staring in front of them? typical moronic lifetime movie! cheap and stupid! the director of "freefall" should stick to cheap made-for-tv movies with white middle-aged women with stupid teenage kids who do drugs and have marital problems. as for suspense...leave it to the professionals...you hack! why should we the audience sit through over an hour and a half of this airport wannabe rehash. i hope to god they don't make plane crash movies like this anymore. if this were like the abc series "lost" then it would be something to watch. but this is utter crap and then some. stop turning every plane disaster movie into "airport 1975"! this is not "airport" this is cheap pathetic waste of my time. i would not recommend this movie or any made-for-tv air disaster movie to anyone not even my worst enemies.

i wanted to read the other comments before leaving my review and the majority definately rules: this movie is aweful! from the acting to the non-realistic animation to the countless errors. i was actually hoping that the flaps would have been extended by a stretch of the imagination (can't extend flaps without engines). the landing gear cannot be lowered unless you have electricity. that tiny little fan that was going was not sufficient by any stretch to lower the landing gear. the one thing i thought was quite peculiar is when they landed, the back wheels touched down and then the nose one broke off, thus suspending the plane with both back tires in the air. how did the captain apply left and right brakes to tires that weren't touching the ground? did they forget the spoilers? word to the director: find out *all* you can about planes before attempting a "plane" movie. sorry for the technical rant, but i give this movie 1/10.

this may have been based on historical events, and we know that the makers of this tv docu-drama took liberties to make it more dramatic - i can live with that - but it was just so badly done! i was amazed in the event of an unfolding mid-air crisis how calm everyone seemed, surely someone would have panicked, and what a smooth flight, no passenger discomfort apparent - come on! not sure about the regulations, nowadays some of the airline security stuff seems ott nonsense, but why take your shoes off before the emergency landing, common sense tells me this is not a good idea! the shots of this massive airliner coming down on this remote airstrip were unconvincing and fake. in reality it would have been an awesome sight viewed from the ground nearby, in this movie it was out of proportion and looked like the model it probably was. escape slides appeared at the front and mid emergency doors, yet nobody appeared to exit from the front, even though the drop was much less. the captain went back into the plane after the landing - why? this was never explained. we know the emergency landing was due to being out of fuel, but even so there must have been some fuel sloshing around at the bottom of the tanks, and the risk of explosion must have been a very real danger, yet the evacuation seemed almost leisurely, and everyone stands around at the foot of the escape slides instead of getting as far away as possible, as i am sure i would have done. there were just too many inconsistencies, errors and faked action in this. i would have preferred to have seen a representation of the drama in real time, and with realistic motion of the plane portrayed. it had the potential to be quite thrilling, but doubtless due to the budget restrictions failed, and made one feel that a plane losing all engines was no big deal really, and you would safely glide down to a bit of a bumpy landing, but no real danger! - the reality of course being somewhat different!

i have nothing more to say but it was awful. i cannot imagine why helen mirren and others were part of this degrading mess. and if certain actors don't want people to question their sexuality then perhaps they should refrain from making more of these films. there was at least one seen that left me curious. just my opinion. shudder to think what was going on that was cut from the film. shudder to wonder what went through the minds of the actors who made this film. shudder to think about the thought process and voyeurism that went on in the directors mind. like i stated before its a degrading mess. its not even funny. as ebert said of the film caligula with malcolm mcdowell, its not a good film, not a good story and its not even good porn. yeeshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh............

being that i loved the original "caligula" even with all its flaws, i have to say this remake trailer was abysmal.listening to jovovich say in that lazy american accent "mmm cuhligyooluh..." makes me feel sick. the set doesn't look roman at all... it looks like some rich actor's hollywood mansion backyard, and the roman costumes look like cheap crap you buy at a suburban costume shop.that "charming" adriana asti looks like a fifty year old hispanic woman totally terrified out of her mind, as if not knowing it's a movie trailer.the acting has got to be some of the worst i've ever seen, with most of the lines i hear being random actors screaming "caligulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!" as loudly and obnoxiously annoyingly as they can.the random sex scenes also filled a good 40 or 50% of the trailer, and the scenes with notable actors/actresses like gerard butler (who graces the screen in shadows for all of three and a half seconds) not doing anything but looking uncomfortable or going all-out over the top with their minimal lines, just dragging it down with the ridiculousness of their delivery.courtney love's part consists of her looking like her usual dumpy crack-whore self leaning against a door mumbling about the moon or something. you can't tell because she's either drunk or high or just mumbling idiotically.karen black is just annoying... randomly laughing, and screaming in such a way that irritates you.helen mirren... she was in the original, and her return to "caligula" consists of... "caaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaligulaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" i particularly "love" (and by love, i mean hate) ennia's line, "caligola... j00 no maki me *something incoherent*.... *something that sounds like j00nalo*" it's also insanely arrogant to say caligula's four year reign was greater than jesus's birth and death.honestly, this has got to be the worst, most exploitative, self-indulgently arrogant piece of crap labeled as "art" i've ever seen. even if gore vidal hated the original caligula, he shouldn't have shown up or given his name over for this crap-pile, no matter how much they paid him (unless it was a billion trillion yen). worst trailer ever.

overrated and only for those people in their 20's whom wear particularly thick rose tinted glasses, who never actually saw it in the first place because they were to young. awful animation, dialogue and a tired narrative. a real product of the 80's, the novel gimmick of a puzzle toy (thats right, toy not the absurd, pretentious and child alienating "collectors action figurine"), sold on the back of a poor cartoon and other paraphernalia, only matters to those who bought the toy when they were "actual" children in the period of '84' to '87'. it has become cult because of those same adults are to immature to let go of their memories. avoid.

no matter how well meaning his "message" is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck - awful acting, lame camera work - i do not know why carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is lousy at it. you watch the extras on the dvd and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up - he loves being the center of attention. he is a bad actor - he reminds me of another arrogant filmmaker - eric schaffer. some how carr has had this film shown at city youth centers and new age churches - where damaged people looking for reinforcement and attention themselves babble on about how the film touched them and maybe it did - but as a film itself it is choppy, predictable and sappy.

this is a bigger budgeted film than usual for genre director honda (with more evidently elaborate sets) – though the special effects still have that distinctive cheesiness to them (witness the giant bats and rodents on display). it also utilizes a surprising number of american actors: joseph cotten playing the visionary scientist looks ill-at-ease and frail (but, then, his character is supposed to be 204 years old!), an innocuous richard jaeckel is the photographer hero while, as chief villains, we get cesar romero and patricia medina (both essentially campy). as i've often said, i grew up watching english-language films dubbed in italian…but hearing hollywood actors in japanese is another thing entirely! latitude zero feels like a juvenile version of a typical jules verne adventure, and is fairly entertaining on that level; indeed, it's preferable to honda's low-brow variations on the monsters-on-the-rampage formula because of the inherent quaint charm of the set-up in this case. the plot involves the kidnapping of a famous scientist by romero – he was intended to establish himself in the underwater, technologically advanced city devised by cotten (to which the world's foremost minds are being recruited). we're treated to plenty of silly battles between the rival subs, but the most amusing scenes are certainly the raid on romero's cave – in fact, cotten doing somersaults and fending off men in rubber suits (via flames and laser emitted from his glove!) must surely count as the nadir of his acting career; the other elder in the cast, romero, is more in his element – after all, he had been the joker in the batman tv series and movie of the 1960s! cotten has a scantily-clad blonde physician on his team, and is assisted by a hulking asian; romero, on the other hand, is flanked by an oriental femme fatale – who, however, ends up getting a raw deal for her efforts (the girl's brain is eventually transplanted into a hybrid of lion and condor…which is among the phoniest-looking creatures you ever saw!). apparently, a 2-disc set of this one from media blasters streets on this very day!!

the film is a bit tedious. it's mostly a silent film, with the bulk o the story provided through a series of voice-overs. while making a silent film like this is not such a bad idea, this is one of those films where the lack of dialog and the repetitive early scenes make it simply tedious. you don't understand the reason for the tedium until well into the picture, and by then it's too late. the first 40 minutes of film is something of a slow piece of mexican soft porn, and unimaginative soft porn at that. later in the film the style of the first 40 minutes starts to makes sense, but it's too late, because by then the audience is lost. there is some nice location shooting at the national autonomous university of mexico. i've often wondered why more films aren't shot there. the campus is built on the edge of lava fields that lend the campus a very otherworldly feel. my biggest problem with the film is that the director/writer has made the film the way he wanted to see it without regard for how a viewer who doesn't know the story will view it. you can't ignore the audience when you tell a story.

this early role for barbara shelley(in fact,her first in britain after working in italy),was made when she was 24 years old,and it's certainly safe to say that she made a stunning debut in 1957's "cat girl." while blondes and brunettes get most of the attention(i'll always cherish yutte stensgaard),the lovely auburn-haired actress with the deep voice always exuded intelligence as well as vulnerability(one such example being 1960's "village of the damned," in which her screen time was much less than her character's husband,george sanders).she is the sole reason for seeing this drab update of "cat people," and is seen to great advantage throughout(it's difficult to say if her beauty found an even better showcase).her character apparently sleeps in the nude,and we are exposed to her luscious bare back when she is awakened(also exposed 8 years later in 1965's "rasputin-the mad monk").the ravishing gown she wears during most of the film is a stunning strapless wonder(i don't see what held that dress up,but i'd sure like to).all in all,proof positive that barbara shelley,in a poorly written role that would defeat most actresses,rises above her material and makes the film consistently watchable,a real test of star power,which she would find soon enough at hammer's studios in bray,for the duration of the 1960's.

"national lampoon goes to the movies" (1981) is, simply put, the worst movie ever made, far lamer than even the inept "plan 9 from outer space."the lampoon film is told in three segments, each one supposedly a spoof of a conventional movie genre, but each one landing at our feet with a sickening thud. there is no rhyme or reason for these execrable vignettes, and no discernible story lines.another reviewer on this site has written that the only good points about the film are the nude scenes. true, misses ganzel and dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice it is too. but the directors seem not to realize that even t&a needs a good story to surround it. there's none of that here.probably the worst of the three segments is the last one, featuring robby benson and richard widmark. here, we see benson as a young, eager-beaver policeman being paired with a cynical oldtimer played by widmark. and for just a moment, those of us who are still watching this odious cinematic exercise are heartened by the thought that we are about to see a redemptive tale about how the young, idealistic cop brings about a purifying change in the old-timer's approach to police work. but no such luck. as we've said, this film has no redeeming values. it is sickening all the way to the final fade-out -- which, perversely, is stretched out longer than it should last on the screen. apparently the film makers knew they had a bad thing going, and wanted to make the least of it.

"national lampoon goes to the movies" (1981) is absolutely the worst movie ever made, surpassing even the witless "plan 9 from outer space." the lampoon film unreels in three separate and unconnected vignettes, each featuring different performers. the only common thread is the total lack of any redeeming qualities.well, maybe there is one. another reviewer on this site has said that the fleeting nude shots are nice, and he's right. misses ganzel and dusenberry flash their assets prettily, in part one and part two, respectively. but their glamorous displays are, alas, wasted. the directors seem to have forgotten that even t&a needs a credible story to surround it, and there's none in sight.the third segment, starring robby benson and richard widmark, is the most disgusting of the three, and an unfortunate choice as the windup of this film. benson plays an eager-beaver young policeman, brightly reporting for his first day of duty, ready to rid the streets of evil. he is paired with an old, cynical cop played by widmark, and when these oil-and-water partners set out on their first patrol together, we sense a possible redemption of the film's earlier failures. maybe, just maybe, the cynical old-timer will be reformed by his new partner's stalwart sense of duty and loyalty. maybe all will end happily after all. but alas, this movie heads straight for the toilet, with no redemption, no happy ending, no coherent story of any kind.before "national lampoon goes to the movies," i thought i had already seen the worst schlock that hollywood could possibly turn out. unfortunately, i hadn't seen the half of it.

i haven't seen the original, but just wanted to drop a quick note to anyone who happens to scroll down this far: wicker man is the worst movie i've seen this year. maybe even in two years. i wish i could ask the theater for my money back or turn back time to warn myself not to see it.i'll give it two positive nods: the sarcasm of cage's character at least got some laughs from me and the scenery of the island was beautiful. sorry, that's it. here come the jeers. the movie's plot is only propelled forward because other characters won't give cage any straight answers--and he puts up with this!!! how this could go on for over an hour of my time(much less days in the movie) is beyond me. not to mention that the plot is full of holes. you leave the theater with enough unanswered questions to fill a library. how anyone could read this script and think, "yes, people should pay $11 to see this shady outline of what a film should look like" is beyond me.do not go see this flick. or even rent it on dvd.

unfortunately, this movie does no credit whatsoever to the original. nicholas cage, fairly wooden as far as actors go, imbues the screen with a range of skill from, non-plussed to over the top. the supporting cast is no better.the plot stays much the same as the original in terms of scene progression but is far worse. not enough detail is given to allow the audience to by into what is being sold. it turns out it's just a bill of poor goods. disbelief cannot be suspended, nor can a befit of a doubt be given. the only saving aspect of this film is that it is highly visual, as the medium requires, and whomever scouted the location should be commended.there was much laughter in the audience and multiple boos, literally, at the end.disappointed! wait for the original to come on television, pour a whiskey and enjoy.

the wicker man. i am so angry that i cannot write a proper comment about this movie.the plot was ridiculous, thinly tied together, and altogether-just lame. nicolas cage...shame on you! i assumed that since you were in it, that it would be at least decent. it was not.i felt like huge parts of the movie had been left on the cutting room floor, and even if it's complete-the movie was just outlandish and silly.at the end you're left mouth agape, mind befuddled and good taste offended. i have never heard so many people leave a theater on opening day with so much hatred. people were complaining about it in small groups in the mall, four floors down from the theater near the entrance. it's that bad.i heard it compared to : glitter, american werewolf in paris and gigli. my boyfriend was so mad he wouldn't even talk about it.grrrr!

this movie is the biggest waste of nine dollars that i've spent in a very, very long time. if you knew how often i went to the movies you'd probably say, that's hard to imagine, but never-the-less, it's true! after seeing the trailer for this movie, i knew that i had to see it! if you're a fan of horror, mystery, and suspense, why wouldn't you? the trailer is nothing less than intriguing and exciting; unfortunately, the movie is none of these.from the cinematography, to the script, to the acting, this movie is a complete flop. if you're reading this, planning to go to the movie expecting some thrills, mystery, action, horror, or anything other than a waste of an hour and forty-five minutes i'm afraid you are in for disappointment."why is it so bad," you might be asking yourself. let me tell you. the movie was neither mysterious nor suspenseful. nothing about the movie made me the least bit "on edge," frightened, or curious. the script was at best laughable. there were numerous times throughout the film where the dialogue was just so ridiculous i began to write it off as comic relief only to find out a few seconds later that it wasn't. the acting was absolutely dreadful. i like nicholas cage but this was a miss. without exception, every performance in this movie was incredibly below average. the cinematography was awful with not one moment of suspense or mystique. finally, the story is completely transparent. you can see the end of this movie coming a mile away.i am not usually a very harsh critic. frankly, when i go to see a comedy i want to laugh and when i go to see a mystery/suspense/horror, i just want to be surprised. this movie was boring, poorly acted, poorly written, and an overwhelming disappointment. do yourself a favor and go see something else.

prior to this release, neil labute had this to say about the 1973 original: "it's surprising how many people say it's their favorite soundtrack. i'm like, come on! you may not like the new one, but if that's your favorite soundtrack, i don't know if i *want* you to like my film." neil, a word. you might want to sit down for this too; as lord summerisle says, shocks are so much better absorbed with the knees bent. see, neil, the thing about the original, is that paul giovanni's soundtrack is one of the most celebrated things about it. the filmmakers themselves consider it a virtual musical. along with richard and danny thompson, and bert jansch, it practically kick-started the 1970s folk new wave. to undermine it is akin to imagining jaws without john williams. or the buddy holly story without buddy holly. the result's one of the most breathtakingly arrogant, pointless remake of a british cult classic since sly stallone's get carter.the original had apparently left nicolas cage "disturbed for about two weeks." so disturbed, during that fortnight's window, that he pitched the idea of re-imagining one of the most nuanced films about inter-faith struggle ever devised to a writer-director previously known for his wholly unsubtle depictions of male chauvinism. it's like some parlor game: what would you get if sam peckinpah took on bambi? or gaspar "irreversible" noe remade love, actually?(actually, i'd quite like to see that). unfortunately, someone took this parlor game seriously: all labute's succeeded in doing is ripping out the original's guts while saddling it with his own gormless sex war preoccupations.after failing to rescue a little girl and her mum from a fatal car crash, cage's highway patrolman spirals into a medicated torpor. then he receives a letter from ex-fiancée willow woodward (this one trades on name-homages for kudos), now living on the private island community of summersisle – that extra 's' stands for 'superfluous' – and wants edward to help locate missing daughter rowan.summersisle, it transpires, is a female-dominated joint, conceived as a haven for oppressed womenfolk and refugees from the salem witch trials. here, the matriarchs observe the olde ways, and the few males are near-mute breed-mules. it's like lilith fair on a grand scale. summersisle's main export is honey – a symbolic and literal headache for edward, as he's allergic to bees. "beekeepers!" cries edward. "they seem to be everywhere on this island!" well, that's probably because summersisle's main export is honey.while making his investigations, edward overhears of an oncoming mayday ritual called "the time of death and rebirth". he discovers the previous year's crop failed; nearly dies from bee stings; and eventually comes to the conclusion (a conclusion which admittedly couldn't be more obvious if the locals had tattooed a timetable of events on the back of his hands) that rowan will be burnt alive in a pagan rite to ensure a bountiful harvest. he also meets the queen bee of the hive, sister summersisle (burstyn), who has her own plans for him involving the eponymous wicker man: "the drone must die." first, the good news: any concerns cage would be airlifted from the wicker man's flaming jaws at the last minute by a fleet of black cia helicopters can be laid to rest: he toast. that's about it for the good news. "this is a story whose chapters were carefully written" intones burstyn with sublime irony. though retaining the basic cat-and-mouse premise (and credits typography), what's left subjects the original to a scorched-earth policy.crucial to shaffer's original screenplay was that his christian copper, in accordance with ritual, came to the island of his own free will – and most importantly, was a virgin; the perfect sacrifice. in reducing matters to a sexual, as opposed to a religious power-struggle, labute presents the flimsiest of qualifiers for a harvest sacrifice. by the time cage has worked out he was the bait, you honestly couldn't care less.and cage is one of the very worst things in this; a lumbering, drawling donkey – an arsewit whose tongue seems just slightly too big for his mouth. "goddamit" he moans after he hallucinates a drowned rowan, with all the mental torment of a man who's set his morning alarm clock half-an-hour too early. one hopes it's his character's frequent reliance on pills that has reduced him to this state – alternately fatigued, then full of preppy, overbearing vim. if so, it's a fine portrayal of an undistinguished iq addled with anti-depressants. if not…it doesn't bear thinking about. as willow, the saucer-eyed beahan is similarly dreadful, presenting her lines as if in competition with cage for the…most…half-hearted…delivery. while burstyn entirely lacks the mercurial menace to convince. who's afraid of naomi wolf? every element that made the original great – the lovingly detailed depictions of folk customs, the ingenious score, the dialogue (lord summerisle's majestic "you did it beautifully!" has been replaced with the rather less attractive "you did it excellently!" whoah, dude!) – have been substituted for a meandering battle-of-the-sexes thriller with occasional crash-bang wallop. namely, walloping women; this is a labute flick, after all. cage's sister beech bashing is just one of the more embarrassing episodes; impotent little men will be hooting with glee at how them uppity hippie chicks finally got what was comin' to 'em, hyuk hyuk.the closing coda sees the whole rotten mess collapsing under the weight of genre cliché: in a bar, two guys run into a couple of summersisle maidens on shore leave, flirty-fishing for fresh martyrs. at the moment of their successful pick-up, you half expect the women to turn round and give an exaggerated wink and a thumbs up to the camera.one more thing: keen credit watchers may have noticed that films sporting an unusually high producer count (anything up to 10) tend to be not much cop. the wicker man has 18 producers in total.

it's interesting at first. a naive park ranger (colin firth) marries a pretty, mysterious woman (lisa zane) he's only known for a short time. they seem to be happy, then she disappears without warning. he searches for her and, after a few dead ends, stumbles upon some of her abused childhood and sleazy recent past, which may include criminal activity. and then, it seems the filmmakers didn't know what to do with the story. the beginning, while not as suspenseful as it sounds, is at least watchable. then it ceases to be interesting or even make much sense. and the ending is so lame, so dull, and so devoid of any excitement or intelligence, you'll think the screenwriters didn't know what to do with it and got bored trying. what a sorry waste of a good idea!

as i sat in front of the tv watching this movie, i thought, "oh, what alfred hitchcock, or even brian depalma, could have done with this!" chances are, you will too. it does start out intrigueing. a british park ranger living in los angeles (collin firth) marries a pretty, demure brunette woman (lisa zane) whom he met in a park only a short time ago. then, one day she dissappears. the police are unable to find any documentation that she ever existed, and firth conducts his own search. so far, so good. just as he's about to give up, he turns to his womanizing best friend (billy zane), and they stumble onto her former life in l.a.'s sordid underground of drugs, nightclubs, and ametuer filmmaking, and then to her history of mental instability. at that point, firth's life is in danger, and the film falls apart. none of the characters from lisa zane's past are remotely interesting. the film moves slowly, and there's very little action. there is a subplot regarding missing drug money, but it's just a throwaway. no chases, no cliffhanging sequences, and no suspense. just some dull beatings and a lot of chat by boring characters. one thing worth noting, lisa zane and billy zane are brother and sister, but they never appear in a scene together. by the end of the movie, you're torn between wondering what might have been and trying to stay awake.

i could not, for the life of me, follow, figure out or understand the story. as the plot advances it too stays incomprehensible. i'm going to guess and say that there was a preproduction story/plot problem that never got sorted out. the producers could never separate the many details that the novel, or any novel, has the time and space to create from the other idea, which was to make a movie about a serial killer and the killer's pursuit by the police. they ended up with too many things happening in a proscribed feature film time limit. too bad really because they had a solid cast, a director who knows how to move things around and excellent cinematography. in fact, a well made movie that one could enjoy and relax with for a couple of hours.

i like silent films, but this was a little too moronic. as much as i wish i could say that it was worth the hour i stood up i can't. i don't think any version of the movie even comes close to the book. and don't try it out on kids, they might freak. and the lady who played pollyanna, how old was she? 38? i know the labor laws were different back then... but come on people.

awful! absolutely awful! no plot, no point, no end. it looks like the director turned the camera on and then the whole crew went to lunch. every day. i'm trying to give this video away but no one will take it. i'm giving it a 2 instead of a 1 because i like benigni. roger, i'm going to have to say thumbs down on this one.

it was jon pertwee who said " it`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly " . well if that`s the case pasty faces is " very easy " . david baker ( as director /screenwriter ) and his cast seem to be under the impression that comedy involves stealing scenes and style from superior britcoms like lock stock.. and trainspotting , using a completely underdeveloped script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly . alan mccaffrey especially suffers from this type of ott performance but not enough to ruin the film because there`s not enough of a film to ruin .pasty faces is terrible on all fronts especially scriptwise . i couldn`t understand why it ended the way it did , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and silly manner . oh and other glaring errors are that you need a visa to visit the usa and a green card in order to work there - this film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in america without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in america - people who i know in america , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop . as far as i know gun laws in america differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter . so we`ve got a very erroneous view of america from a very unreal and oh so unfunny film . maybe this is revenge for braveheart a very hollywood view of the scots ? perhaps , but this doesn`t stop pasty faces from being a crap comedy

i will never forget the night i saw this movie. we were on a submarine on patrol in the north atlantic and this was the scheduled movie of the evening. we all gave up after the second reel. they did not even try to show it at the mid-night showing. opting for a rerun instead...... this is all i really have to say but they have this stupid rule that my comment must contain ten lines. i'm not supposed to pad the comment with random words so i will just continue to ramble until i get my ten lines of bs. i could not find george goble listed in the credits but i remember him in the movie. the sining was terrible and the songs even worse.

this paramount version/ripoff of oklahoma!/annie get your gun/calamity jane isn't all that unusual or innovative. the marketing and intro comments may be there to salvage what is really a pretty bad movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live tv show. i don't find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....all that innovative. as noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a tv budget: all soundstage, with minimal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (compare to new faces (of 1952). the actors come off reasonably well, though. and this style was much better realized when paramount shot li'l abner in 1959. of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: "what were they thinking?"

my nose is bent slightly out of shape as i write this. i had sent a previous comment on this film some weeks ago that has not yet appeared, so i assume it was rejected, even though it met all the usual guidelines.i found this film interesting for the first thirty minutes, particularly the performance of jordi mollà, a veteran actor who has appeared in such major productions as "blow" and "the alamo." leonor watling is also quite good. unfortunately, everything sinks eventually under the weight of a truly awful, melodramatic script. there is also an abundance of gratuitous nudity that does nothing to advance the narrative or lend even an impressionistic nuance to what is otherwise a beautifully filmed piece of art.an actual day trip to the beach at valencia would be much less arduous than having to encounter these fictional characters again anywhere, anytime.

ulises is a literature teacher that arrives to a coastal town. there, he will fell in love to martina, the most beautiful girl in town. they will start a torrid romance which will end in the tragic death of ulises at the sea. some years later, martina has married to sierra, the richest man in town and lives a quiet happy live surrounded by money. one day, the apparition of ulises will make her passion to rise up and act without thinking the consequences. the plot is quite absurd and none of the actors plays a decent part. in addition, three quarters of the film are sexual acts, which, still being well filmed, are quite tiring, as we want to see more development of the story. it is just a bad bigas luna's film, with lots of sex, no argument and stupid characters everywhere.

if you've ever wanted to see a film that stresses style over substance, this is for you. to me, son de mar is beautiful to see, but there's precious little substance, unless mawkish, melodramatic, manipulative love yarns turn you on. this may be one of those famous 'chick flicks' you've heard so much about. we're about half-way through this film before anything really happens: ulises (jordi molla) goes out to sea looking for tuna, and doesn't come back, leaving his wife martina (leonor watling) and son to fend for themselves. then, in a furious six minutes of screen time, they bury ulises, martina gets married again, and her son grows into mid-childhood. this rapid transposition is jarring, to say the least, and very sloppy: after 40 minutes of more or less hanging around, we're suddenly into a full-blown melodrama, all in six minutes. i think this is called wayward narrative pacing.five years later, ulises (as in the wandering superhero ulysses; get it?), returns to his 'penelope' (watling) only to find she's married to sierra (eduard fernandez), an inexplicably wealthy guy (what does he do to earn all that dough?) who inexplicably keeps crocodiles as pets. when martina, in great anger, questions ulises about his absence, he tells her that he'll take her to the island of sumatra someday and she'll understand everything.and here's the thing: he doesn't take her to the island of sumatra. the reference just dies somewhere in the script. he doesn't really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. he doesn't acquit himself as an honourable guy, and the movie doesn't fill in the plot holes that are staring at us for at least half of the film. i can only assume that director bigas luna wants us to fill in the story lines with the mystical clues (fish, reptiles, the sea) he offers through breathtaking cinematography and evasive dialogue. it just doesn't work. the narrative 'arc' on this film ends up looking more like a wobbly clothesline.i'm sure jordi molla is a good actor, but i just couldn't buy his ulises as any kind of hero (which is what the original ulysses was supposed to be). with moist sensuality, he spouts a short stanza of identical poetry from virgil roughly 2,000 times and each and every time it excites martina to explosive orgasm. this guy should be rented out to reinvigorate stale marriages. i'm sure virgil would be impressed. he didn't get laid that often, as i understand it. this poetic 'device' figures prominently in the film, and i had no choice but to assume it was a gender reversal of ulysses' famous 'siren song' (i.e. beautiful maidens singing seductively to far-off sailors, who were doomed if they answered the, well, siren call). if this is what bigas luna is up to, you can see the problem -- he's offering convoluted symbolism in a snatch-and-grab attempt at high art. once again, it just doesn't work, at least in my eyes.watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but she gives us a character here who doesn't seem to have much intellectual or even romantic depth. it's beyond me how she could desperately fall in love with a guy who sports a for-rent sign on his face (as in vacant), oily 1960s-style hair that looks more like seaweed, and one of those trendy 21st-century 'beards' (you know, four days' growth, no more, no less). he's supposed to be a dreamy kind of guy (i think), but those eyes of his suggest he might be suffering more from overexposure to a preposterous script. but, don't despair, this film is great to look at. just don't try to connect the dots on the red herrings or think too much about what you're hearing in the way of dialogue. you can do a lost of fast-forwarding on this film (particularly in the first 40 minutes) and you really won't miss much.

previous comments encouraged me to check this out when it showed up on tcm, but it was a severe disappointment. lupe valdez is great, but doesn't get enough screen time. frank morgan and eugene palette play familiar but promising characters, but the script leaves them stranded.the movie revolves around the ego of lee tracy's character, who is at best a self-centered, physically and verbally abusive jerk. the reactions of "the public" are poorly thought-out and unbelievable, making the "shenanigans" seem like contrivances of a bad writer. and it strains credulity that the lupe velez character could fall for him.the "stinging one-liners" mentioned in another review must be dependent on the observer, since i didn't even notice that an attempt was being made.

this film is lame, lame, lame!!!!! it takes a lot to bring me to over-exaggeration about a movie, but this movie stunk up my house!! i haven't even finished the movie yet and i had to stop to comment on how bad this movie is. i've never done that!! as a consumer, do not spend your money on this film. wait until it comes out on a cable channel or something. it's barely tv worthy. i really hate trashing a movie, but this movie is trash! barely above porn. should have and x rating! good plot, some frontal nudity (if that floats your boat), but horrible high school level acting. don't know how this movie received distribution. (must have been a contractual thing.) really, if you really like watching good movies, don't waste you time with this one. from one movie lover to another. you will be mad at yourself! let me say this as well, if you've been through something like this perhaps you can relate and it will have some value for you. in that case i say watch it, you may take something away from it, if not just seeing something that's happened to you being acted out by someone else (has therapeutic value).

the only redeeming quality of this film is the actual storyline...otherwise, this movie was terrible. the acting was ridiculously bad, and the set design was cheesy and very tacky. the story was decent, but it was very hard to watch due to all the horrid acting. i wouldn't recommend watching this one...the only redeeming quality of this film was that the actors were somewhat attractive...especially ryan bauer, the man who plays the soap opera star. some of the editing was well done, but there are continuity errors all over the place...i'm just starting to get sick and tired of watching gay movies that are bad...can we get a good one soon?

until now, the worst movie i had ever seen was ben & arthur. you really should check the reviews for that movie instead of this one. the review statistics for this movie have been skewed positive through a relentless and unscrupulous push by some of the people involved in making it, evidence for which is fairly easy to uncover online. at least the people who made ben & arthur were honorable enough to let it stand on its own shaky legs, instead of unscrupulously promoting it so suckers like me would buy it.everything about this movie is terrible, the script, the story, the casting, the acting, the direction, the photography, the editing, the music... what else goes into a movie? whatever it is, here it's as bad as it gets. if it weren't so unpleasant it would be ridiculous. i kept watching it thinking it must get better, because i hadn't yet discovered that none of the positive reviews for it are reliable.it does not take a lot of money to make a great movie, nor does a low budget mean a movie has to be bad. my favorite example of a shoestring-budget masterpiece is gus van sant's amazing mala noche, but there are many others. sideline secrets—director's cut or original—is bad not because the people who made it had no money, but because they had gigantic egos and no talent for anything at all except self-promotion.

there are some good things about the movie. the music and cinematography is great. alex wilson is hot and gives a great performance. ryan bauer is also hot. the production was very lucky to have casted them because they really give production value to the movie. jonny vincent (sean) and a lot of the boys in the movie that don't speak are cute too. why isn't the actress who plays amy listed in the credits? brandon alexander gives a great comedic performance as clitarissa pink.the worse thing about the movie is probably the star, james townsend. he can't act. he's also very scrawny, not nice to look at at all. his arms are like spaghetti. it's disgusting. they have no muscle tone at all. it's no wonder he has to make his own movie and cast himself in it. no one else would cast him in anything.james townsend is not believable as someone who would even have a girlfriend because he acts so gay. they should have casted someone else as the lead if they wanted what's best for the movie. then again, maybe he just wants to use this movie as a vehicle to launch a career in soft-core porn, definitely not real acting because he would have taken some acting lessons. plus, anyone who does porn is blacklisted in hollywood.the most ridiculous thing about the movie is probably the casting of a tan-skinned latina as devon's mother. sonja fisher does not seem like an actress at all. all in all, this movie is soft-core porn and is no better than something you would see on skinemax. i think even alex wilson, probably the best thing about this movie, is embarrassed by it and doesn't want to be associated with it. there is no photo on his imdb page and nothing else listed, so alex wilson is probably a disposable stage name. plus, i ran into him in west hollywood one time recently and when i mentioned this movie, he just turned around and walked away. i understand. if i had worked on this movie, i would be embarrassed and wouldn't want to be associated with it either.

steven vasquez directed and co-wrote with james townsend, the star, this strange little drama cum horror flick with evidently very good ideas and intentions: make a gay film that takes a different storyline than the usual fare and make a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller. so why doesn't it work? for starters the film loses direction from the opening frame and wanders rather aimlessly throughout the film, dead set on making a suspense thriller but getting sidetracked into satisfying an audience who wants to see nude encounters. not that that is a bad thing: it can certainly enhance some films that have been hollywood successes. the film also tries to talk about coming out experiences in young men and women, relationships, disturbed parenting, the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder. it is all a bit much to cram into a 96-minute film.devon (james townsend) by all appearances is a successful kid with a kind girlfriend jenna (sarah kelly) but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets brian (alex wilson) who has been down the same path and can offer devon assistance on every level. they bond, devon comes out, and the mysteries begin: boys are missing in the neighborhood, devon's stepfather psychologist dr. kirk tyler (dan swett) is not at all what he appears to be and despite devon's consoling mother donna (sonja fisher) devon is cast into the streets because of his new relationship. it seems dr tyler is in a dark business with hunky detective cunningham (earl mcdougle) who apparently is investigating the missing boys... devon gathers his resources from his understanding girlfriend jenna and her cronies and together the group unveils the dark doings of dr. tyler and his detective sidekick. and through it all donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc.some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little the eye doesn't examine frequently!) but the degree of acting is at an all time low. the only thing that makes us forgive that (and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of everyone involved. yes, this is a low budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. but in the end there is something to be said for the involved people to try to take a gay film to a different level. maybe their next one will be more polished. grady harp

i bought this dvd after seeing it highly ranked here. it's just a short 20 minutes zombie film. nothing special about it except for the music perhaps.don't buy it! not even really worth spending 20 minutes to see it. only if you're really bored...

this is a decent endeavor but the guy who wrote the screenplay seems to be a bit in the dark as to what exactly makes a zombie movie cool. no, it isn't cgi bugs and software companies. actually i'm not sure whether it was a software company - i saw it without subtitles so i had to guess what they're talking about. anyway my point was - instead of wasting your time animating some dumb-ass bug, why not throw in more zombies and more action. 2/3 of the 20 minutes consist of news bulletins, bugs, some guys yelling about something. and to makes matters worse (more boring) most of the deaths occur off-screen. i realize that's all too common for no-budget movies, but then there were some very impressive effects (well, kind-a of) which left me wondering why did the director (or screenwriter, whatever) chose to focus on how the epidemic started - it's a short, nobody's gonna care anyway.

back in the 70's, when i had first seen this, i was in high school. it was cool then. now as an adult i look back at it and i say to myself..yeah right. what was so funny? it has it's moments but they are few and far between. it is so dated that the jokes no longer stand up. show this to a younger crowd and they will be totally lost. if you like this type of humor you may want to stick with kentucky fried movie or amazon women from the moon. tunnel vision as well as groove tube are too dated for today's viewing.

this movie is a prime example of squandering great resources in a film. you've got future snl and sctv stars in their prime, such as john candy, chevy chase, laraine newman, al franken,tom davis and joe flaherty essentially making 70 minutes of coarse, uninspired fart and racist jokes. the concept of a network from the future subverting society could have really been taken to some interesting extremes, but instead right out the gate, makes a lame, juvenile proctology joke and stays in that vein of humor the whole way.seek out the earlier and much more subversive and witty groove tube or the later, hilarious kentucky fried movie. this movie is only for those who want to see a time capsule of bad 70's sketch comedy movies.

i missed the beginning but i did see most of it. a friend got it on dvd in the cheap room at fye.the skits are all very short, and yet most of them are still too long. the majority of them, they seem to have forgotten to have something funny! quite a lot of racist/sexist/"homophobic" humor in it, skits based on stereotypes, or skits which use racist terms for people.i'm trying to remember anything i thought was funny in it, and i'm having trouble.... the logo for the tunnel vision network is a lipsticked mouth with an eyeball in it. the mouth opens and closes over the eye like eyelids. kind of creepy.what a disappointment. most of the actors went on to better things, and it's lucky this bomb didn't hold them back.

in the future of 1985, a governmental committee headed by howard hesseman, is holding hearings on tv's first uncensored network. they sample it's programming, that play as a series of skits. i can name the good 'skit' movies on one hand, not using my thumb. "amazon women on the moon", "kentucky fried movie", "the meaning of life", and "mr. mike's mondo video". notice how i didn't mention "tunnel vision"? the reason for that is that this 'movie' is death in cinematic form. none of the skits are even remotely funny, or even the least bit clever. it takes some sort of great ineptitude on the film makers' part to not even get one laugh out of me.my grade: f eye candy: dody dorn goes full frontal

that is the only thing i can positive to say about this movie. cleveland is the star, i've been there and never saw the city look this good. beautiful river and cityscapes.this movie moves ahead at such a pace they hope you won't notice the lack of real world relevance. people running around and shooting guns without any consequence. for example, there is a shoot out at rob lowe's character's house- two cars are stolen, and yet the cops don't show up there till much later in the movie. murder for hire never looked so implausible.whoever wrote this movie should be on the receiving end of one the movies countless stray bullets. many of the actors in this movie are so much better than this. i check the date of the movie just to make sure it wasn't written during the writers strike but alas this was not the case. this movie is currently in rotation on universal's hd channel- unless you want to drool of over lowe there is no reason to watch it.

this thrown together piece of fecal matter adds together so many ludicrous scenarios that in the end it's a laugh riot of absolute hilarity. too bad as the premise is promising (as it so often is in duhllywood), but in the hands of this scriptwriter it segues off into la la land. lowe is in prison serving time for a dui that killed off his mistress. we get to see him having nightmares just so that we know he feels real bad about this. then his cell mate neighbor hangs himself. or does he? lowe has some suspicions but drops them quickly. his suspicions are so weak that the bad guys have nothing to worry about. so why do they then set him up to be killed? ah, that's where this story could get interesting. that's where it falls off the rails, and once off the rails it decides it can get away with insulting the viewers attention for the next numbing hour.****************spoilers****************************i won't bore with an endless recounting of the irrationality of what follows, but contemplate this ending. lowe has been trapped by the bad guys on a train. they want a tape he has, because that tape will screw their boss, and them. so on to the train come 3 cops, guns drawn, ready to rescue lowe. the bad guys kill the cops, in front of half the passengers and then....continue chasing lowe to get the tape. hello!!!! killing 3 cops in public will get you into deep doodo, to hell with the tape. yet off they go through a mall shooting up the place, as if the public did not exist as witnesses, and in the end lowe is grabbed and the bad guy still wants the tape!!!

"proximity" tells of a convict (lowe) who thinks the prison staff is out to kill him. this very ordinary film is an action/drama with a weak plot; stereotypical, poorly developed characters; and a one dimensional performance by lowe. a forgettable film not worthy of further commentary.

an uptight voyeur who wants to commit suicide encounters a free spirited bad-seed who has 5 weeks to live and then they're off to discover america. get the idea? there's not an original moment in this whole movie.

i remember watching this film back in 86' when it first came out & what an awful film. the acting was atrocious the plot was so flimsy it would or is that should have blew away in a breath of wind. i think it put me to sleep on more than one occasion & i was not tired that i remember. please avoid at all costs better still have all your teeth taken out with no anaesthetic cos that would be more entertaining. it's just a pity i couldn't give it a zero or a negative score. i wish i had not wasted my money getting this one from the video shop all i can say was that the tape it was on was still brand new practically hardly surprising as the film was so poor. if i remember right i sat & watched it with a girl i really wanted to go out with & the fact she was sat next to me was still not enough to keep me awake thats how bad this film was.

following the disasterous revolution, this film was pretty much the final nail in the coffin of goldcrest and thus the british film industry. the film is absolute pants, it's full of music from the attempted mid-80's jazz revival and based on a book & author that was briefly popular at that time and has deservedly sank back into obscurity. temple searched for ages trying to find suzette and came up with 8th wonders patsy kensett another person who was briefly popular at the time. by the time the film came out of post production the jazz revival was over, as was kensett's career and the film met a totally uncaring film public.mediocre would be an overstatement for some of the worst/campest/cheesiest acting to ever grace the british silver screen watching it almost 20 years on and the film is truely cringeworthy.

recreation of 1950's (london) soho and the up-and-coming people. based on a cult novel.julian temple is a video director. no more, no less. give him 15 million dollars and he will make you a 15 million dollar pop video. here he forgets that two minutes with people that can't really act is one thing - but two hours? what was he thinking of. besides who are the audience? who cares about a book that was well remembered way-back-when. the usual london story of the chancer taking his chance. what could really drag this film even further down? oh i know, third rate songs that sound like they were made up on the spot. david bowie crones the film title over and over a few times and that is the highlight. the soundtrack album is clay pigeon material.there is one good thing though. good recreation of period soho. shame they couldn't think of anything to put in front of it.

"absolute beginners" was a film for the younger generation, a multi-time film that discussed the issues that teens were facing in britain and how these troubled, constantly hitting each note, teen's problems can relate to the youth of tomorrow. it could have been dubbed the "moulin rouge" of the 80s, but it disappeared. it made its very shallow mark on the world, snuck under the radar, and can now be found collecting dust at either the musical section, the comedy section, or the politically obscure section of that seedy video store that doesn't need chain money to survive. alas, that wasn't where i found it – but i found it, watched it, tried my hardest to sing along with it, stared into bowie's eyes, but found myself faded by the end. did it not survive the test of time? is 1950s london too far removed from our current society? is bowie too creepy? i think "absolute beginners" falls somewhere into each of these questions as the perfect example of cinema that starts out with a bang, but withers to a mere sparkle by the end."absolute beginners" opens with a huge number that takes us through the non-gritty streets of london which involve theft nightly, prostitutes on every corner, dance throughout, booze like rivers, and the swankiest ties on nearly every individual. sounds like a place we would all hate to be … right? director julien temple keeps the mood light and flashy throughout most of the songs as we attempt to learn something about a plethora of our main characters. the one we follow most is colin played by eddie o'connell who follows his dreams of being a photographer while shooting his favorite girl, suzette (played by patsy kensit). these two have chemistry, and while suzette looks like a pre-rehab lohan, to me they worked. there was a huge spark between them, the chemistry was like lava, and i believed that these two could take me down a road i had never traveled. i was ready – but then, something happened. temple takes us out of the nightlife, takes us out of the city we grew up with at the beginning, and completely reverses the roles without any dedication to the first. suzette runs away, colin becomes a pervert, and bowie … well … i am not quite sure what his role is but he sings amazingly well while climbing a mountain – i can tell you that much. temple gives us this flashy city, this opportunity to see those that inhabit it, but leaves us hanging high and dry when it is time to pull the trigger. we learn about colin, mainly, but nobody else. i could probably watch this film again and still be equally confused as to whom is angry at whom, and what importance fashion had to that era. also, were they teens really – they all seemed like they were pushing their late 20s, but maybe it was my tv.character development thrown right out the door, temple tries to overcompensate by giving us bigger, more lavish songs using even more characters that we know nothing about. one of my favorite songs in the film uses this thought as a prime example. temple uses a split house to show us the lives of colin's parents (of which i didn't know it was them until after the film) and a song which screams apathy. great song, too many characters, not enough time, suddenly dragged into another scene of missing coherency, and it just falls apart in your hands. then, if that wasn't enough, we are rocking our heads to the beat of some great songs, rubbing our noggin' trying to understand where our characters are or are going, and temple throws in hatred, anger, and politics into the final act. while i was hoping that this film would have a dedicated theme, i didn't think racism would be on the top of the bill. suddenly, friends are missing, people are angry, and there is some random guy running around fighting colin because he lives in poverty and has a friend of a different race? somebody help me out here. it seemed completely rushed and overwhelming – nearly to the point of wanting to turn the film off. to me, the ending of "absolute beginners" was nowhere near the excitement from the opening number. that first part set the pace, and temple could not keep up.overall, i must say that temple can direct a music video, but i don't think he was quite prepared for the feature film. i don't think this film will ever make it into full "cult" status, and will probably remain unremembered or in the dollar bin for years to come. it is a fun film to watch initially, but when we get to that final part, it just explodes from the inside. i wanted some cutting edge work, but instead what i found was a freaky bowie coupled with characters i cared nothing for. i could see how this film could relate to the youth of the 80s, but by the end it just felt forced. i think everyone in this production should have taken a moment and listened to "motivation" by the ever-freaky bowie in this film, it may have helped solidify this feature into better cult status. i am glad that i watched this film once, but that is all that my small brain can take. i loved the way that temple caught me from the beginning, but he couldn't control his characters (way too many), and the songs didn't seem to match the final moments of the film. it came out of nowhere, and it was unwelcomed. if this was a film about racism, it needed to be from the beginning. "absolute beginners" was a welcomed adventure, but i don't think i will be dusting this film off in the future.grade: ** out of *****

this movie is horrible if you pay attention to it. it's a perfect movie if you just watch the colorful images dance across the screen - each one with no apparent connection to the next. i rented this movie because i'm a david bowie fan, and i really appreciate musicals. in finality, bowie was in the film for a total of ten minutes and the songs and dance sequences were sparse and left something to be desired. the moral of the story was really befuddling. i couldn't tell if it was about racial issues in london in the 1950s or about not selling out. for the first half of the movie i was chuckling at how cheesy it was but i liked the campiness of the "no selling out" message. when blacks started being murdered i thought my tape had gotten messed up. maybe i rented half of two different movies? nope, there was a "keep britain white" song and dance sequence. i'm sorry, but wwii is not something you can write a musical about. at least not a musical that could conceivably be described as "campy" as i have several times in this review. overall i'd say this movie could do a whole lot better if it made up its mind and cast better actors. (and put david bowie in it for longer goddammit!) my grade: c-

the film is based on a genuine 1950s novel.journalist colin mcinnes wrote a set of three "london novels": "absolute beginners", "city of spades" and "mr love and justice". i have read all three. the first two are excellent. the last, perhaps an experiment that did not come off. but mcinnes's work is highly acclaimed; and rightly so. this musical is the novelist's ultimate nightmare - to see the fruits of one's mind being turned into a glitzy, badly-acted, soporific one-dimensional apology of a film that says it captures the spirit of 1950s london, and does nothing of the sort.thank goodness colin mcinnes wasn't alive to witness it.

if you've read the original novel, as i did, you will probably hate this thing.the film version of _absolute beginners_ is a nightmarish conglomerate of 1980s anachronisms attempting to create a "period piece" set in the late 1950s and failing to re-create or even pay homage to that period -- the us monstrosity of _dirty dancing_ does similar to 1963, except that film proved financially successful despite having equally amateurish screen writing. in addition to suffering from "looking too 1980s", the characters have been changed, re-arranged, and downplayed to the point that the only characteristics they have in common with those of the novel are the slightest superficial looks and, of course, their names: suze is transformed from the narrator's flighty ex-girlfriend and promiscuous negrophile who willingly plans to marry a closeted old queen for money (at her own admittance in the first few pages) into a hapless and naive "eve"-archetype seduced by fame and glamour, exploited and somehow scammed into a sham marriage by her boss, who surprisingly wasn't given a van dyke and pointy hairstyle. she and the narrator, re-named "colin" (after the book's author, colin macinnes) for the film, are also in a relationship.big jill's character, a lesbian seemingly butch yet "fop like" in her mid-20s who acts as pimp to a cadre of young and bubble-headed lesbians, and one of the narrator's closest friends, dispensing frank wisdom to the narrator, is reduced to a sort of "named extra" with only a few throw-away lines, and tonnes of comical outfits.the fabulous hoplite, a gay young man and another close friend of the narrator in the novel, is also reduced to the point of being pointless in the film, camped-up and all but ignored.the narrator's father in the novel is a sort of sad minor character but in the film, he's played to come off as optimistic and oddly spirited despite the squalid neighbourhood, and the disarray of his marriage to the narrator's mum seems, for all practical purposes, ignored.in its favour, the music (for what it is) is well-composed, and you have to give the production and writing crews credit for actually taking a line from the book ("...some days, they'll write musicals about the 1950s...") as their inspiration to write a musical, but in the world of bad camped-up musicals, this is among the most poorly executed in the bunch. unlike _shock treatment_ or _starstruck_ crucial plot elements are treated as afterthoughts. unlike _the apple_, there is a choppy and uneven flow between musical numbers and spoken dialogue.you really can't blame it's "too 1980s" feel on the fact that it was created in the 1980s. the film version of _annie_ released in 1981, pays a wonderfully well-executed tribute to the look and feel of new york city in the 1930s, and _napolean dynamite_ manages to capture a gritty sort of look and feel of the 1980s despite being made on a low budget in 2003 (though it's not explicitly set in the 1980s, those who lived through the decade cannot deny that the film "feels very 1980s"). obviously, it was _possible_ to make something good out of this, especially considering the iconic status that the source novel has in the uk, but it fails most apparently in the look and feel, and also in its treatment of the source material, which is downright disrespectful.perhaps if you haven't read and have no intentions of reading the novel, you could enjoy this campy 1980s anachronism giving a shameful parody of late-1950s soho london's modernist jazz set. i can definitely see what the writing team were attempting, but they definitely could have done better. with boy george as a household name and mixed-race musicians and bands on the charts in 1986 uk, they definitely did _not_ need to bowdlerise the characters in the ways that they ended up doing. in fact, i'd go so far as saying that the writers wound up doing what both the book and film criticised harshly -- it ended up having a bunch of adults cranking out crap and treating its targeted teen-aged audience like two-bit idiots to make a quick buck off of.

i've seen the movie only recently, although it appeared in 2001. i hoped to see an entertaining movie, but let me tell you, princess blade is nothing compared to azumi. the "princess" is not very talkative, as you may have noticed... she reminded me of jean claude van damme, who only stared to make his point, then beat the crap out of the opponents. during the entire movie, i waited to hear at least a confession about what she liked, why was she fighting, who did she love and trust. i waited in vain. crappy movie. crappy dialog. don't watch it unless you want to be bored out of your minds! it's so bad, that in the end i was wondering how i managed not to scream in frustration 1 and a half hour. approximately. i give a 4/10.

judging by some of the comments in imdb, i was expecting an action movie - perhaps a dramatic one or a stupid one or a simple one or a comicy one, but essentially an action movie.whatever it is that i watched, it certainly didn't feel like a movie. the story is simple and straightforward (even though the prologue tries to make it seem complicated). take three interest groups: 1) the government 2) the rebels 3) a group of assassins.now subtract the first (they never appear in the movie). then simply let one of the assassins, the princess, become a rogue on a revenge trip. add in a rebel love-interest with a guilty conscience. and you've got the ingredients.but they still did not manage to turn it into a story or a movie. between some random action sequences and some odd visuals trying to be sci-fi on a low budget, what you're left with is a feeling of emptiness. the movie just does not feel like a movie, but a weird, incoherent, boring dream.avoid.2/10

i registered for imdb just to comment on this movie. i just got done sitting through this movie, and the only thing that impressed me, was that i somehow had the will power to not stop it.i've seen a pretty decent number of action movies and what not, but princess blade has some of the worst fights i've ever seen in a movie. most of the sword fighting involves mindlessly swinging the swords back and fourth and hoping the opponent isn't doing the same. i've seen a good many student films with better action and stronger plots.so now we have a "futuristic" action movie with poor action, and virtually no sign of the future. most of the movie doesn't even have any action and shows the developing relationship with the princess and the farmboy/terrorist and his disturbed sister. the movie has multiple plot lines, and none of them really pan out to be worth anything. part of the problem may have been that i watched the dub, which was quite bad. the entire cast mumbled all their lines so it was hard to follow what was going on. but i got the general idea. (knowing exactly what was said would not have saved the movie in my eyes)if you've heard about this being a futuristic action/ninja flick, then you've heard wrong. thats what i thought it was when i heard about it, and now i've lost 90 minutes of my life. don't let this happen to you. steer well clear of it.

in the recent movement to bring asian films over to america, this is the last movie that should be released here. being a big fan of asian movies from all genres, i was browsing the net and came across this soong to be re-released into the us market so i decided to check it out ahead of time and rent this at a local video store.trust me...the action scenes are incredibly disappointing, crouching tiger and iron monkey completely blew this movie out of the water. jet li would fall asleep watching the fighting sequences. if you're looking for martial arts entertainment, your time would be better off with a jackie chan flick!!!moreover...you think you're going to watch a martial arts with about a girl engulfed in vengence for her parents death but surprise!!! a good hour of this movie in the middle has is filled with dialogue, an absense of action, the lack of devloping a tangent plot, pretty much nothing to do with the premise we are exposed to. it has more to do with the relationship between her and the boy, and the boy with his conspiracy group in which the producer/director dedicated no time in elbaorating, and yet dedicated a portion of the film dragging the issue. would of been much better off if they had just cut that whole hour and developed the story in itself through another film and focus on the martial arts aspect.speaking of which, i really don't believe the choreographer of iron monkey, did the action sequence in princess blade. i was completely insulted in the frequent usage of slow motion and quick camera changes to portray the assassins physical swiftness. i just didn't buy it.please...i'm warning you to please do not waste your time/money with this movie. the premise is intrigueing, and the trailer might even tempt you but i am positive that this movie is not suited for the public (maybe in japan but not in the states) and will be the worst film brought over to the states from the asian film industry.

there is simply no use in trying to glorify any part of this film.it was straight up trash. at the very beginning you might think that you are in for a visually stunning piece of cinematography... and then shortly thereafter you are hit with a large sack (burlap) of fail! the fighting is barely martial, the acting is teetering on the edge of par, and the music is not worth describing. there is only enough of a story to have created an excuse for this film to have been made. the decisions that the characters make and the way that they deal with the situations is weak, and did nothing but frustrate me. i think that the only reason this film came about was to act as a bit of fan service by using yumiko shaku.

as much as i like japanese movies this one didn't just cut it... a movie that is supposed to be about rebels and the survival of a royal blood line turned out to be a very slow paced movie with a doubtful plot.the photography is ok, though i've seen much better sword fight scenes in other japanese movies, the fast cameras and the way they followed the characters didn't convince me at all. the soundtrack is so weak you don't even notice its presence.but worst of all was the way the plot evolved.i have to admit that, at some times, i had a hard time understanding who was who and what was going on...anyway the platonic love between the main character and another one was completely unnecessary and seemed to come from a hollywood influence.all in all, if your looking for an action japanese movie this isn't it. its very slow, with very few sword fight scenes and very sentimental... in a bad way...

robert colomb has two full-time jobs. he's known throughout the world as a globetrotting tv reporter. less well-known but equally effortful are his exploits as a full-time philanderer.i saw `vivre pour vivre' dubbed in english with the title 'live for life.' some life! robert seems to always have at least three women in his life: one mistress on her way out, one on her way in, and the cheated wife at home. it helps that robert is a glib liar. among his most useful lies are `i'll call you tomorrow' and `my work took longer than planned.' he spends a lot of time and money on planes, trains and hotel rooms for his succession of liaisons. you wonder when this guy will get caught with his pants down.some may find his life exciting, but i thought it to be tedious. his companions, including his wife, catherine, are all attractive and desirable women. but his lifestyle is so hectic and he is so deceitful, you wonder if he's enjoying all this.adding to the tedium is considerable footage that doesn't further the plot. there are extended sections with no dialogue or french-only dialogue. we see documentaries of wars, torture, and troop training interspersed with the live action. when robert's flight returns from africa, we wait and wait for the plane to land and taxi to the airport terminal.annie girardot is the standout performer in this film. hers was the most interesting character and she played it to perfection. it was also nice to see candice bergen at the beginning of her career. i can't find fault with yves montand's performance of what was basically an amoral bum.i enjoyed some of claude lelouch's novel techniques. in a hotel room scene, the camera pans around the room as robert and his mistress argue. we catch sight of them briefly during each pass around the room. in another scene set on a sleeping car of a train, robert is lying on the upper bunk while his wife is on the lower. robert is giving his wife some important but distressing news, but we hear only parts of it because of the clatter of the train. i sensed that his wife was also unable to absorb every word due to the shocking nature of the news. i also liked the exciting safari scenes in africa. the cinematography of those scenes and of those in amsterdam was superb.i reviewed this movie as part of a project at the library of congress. i've named the project fifty: 50 notable films forgotten within 50 years. as best i can determine, this film, like the other forty-nine i've identified, has not been on video, telecast, or distributed in the u.s. since its original release. in my opinion, it is worthy of being made available again.

boring, badly written italian exploitation flick.lots of nudity, gore and awful acting.the werewolf makeup was the only thing that would raise a laugh.complete rubbish-even for fans of cheesy italian horror.please avoid.

very strange but occasionally elegant exploitation movie with no real story, but benefiting from its stunningly ravishing lead actress and a handful of nice, gruesome make-up effects. daniella is a beautiful twenty-something girl, carrying with her the trauma of being raped at the age of 13. nightmares and hallucinations lead her further into believing she's the reincarnation of a female ancestor who was said to be a werewolf. she kills her brother-in-law during a nightly encounter and gets submitted in a hospital. she escapes again, however, and randomly devours more men whilst on the run for police detectives, doctors and relatives. it's all pretty to look at and listen too (really great soundtrack), but the absence of plot and continuity become irritating quite fast. luckily enough, leading lady annik borel rarely ever wears clothes and she fills up the boring moments by dancing naked around a fire. the film is too long, too weird and too forgettable. the biggest surprise comes at the end, when suddenly and out of the blue, director rino di silvestro tries to make us believe that his movie was based on true facts. yeah, right...

this film ends with a speech in which the narrator tells us the fates of two of the lead characters and that the names of people and places have been changed...before telling us that relation to actual people and events are purely coincidental. this ending line actually sums up everything that has gone before it; as rino di silvestro's messy film completely lacks vision, and if there is any point to the plot; it wasn't put there on purpose. werewolf woman is often seen as a guilty pleasure or a 'so bad it's good' film, but i completely disagree. normally, i enjoy films like this; but werewolf woman is indeed a bad film, and despite all the sex and savagery on display; it doesn't even make for a fun watch, and that really is unforgivable. the film really doesn't have much plot, but the thin sliver we are given involves a young woman, who also happens to dream that she is a werewolf. she dreams of going out and finding men, having sex with them and eventually killing them. back in the real world, she falls in love, but her lover is killed and she goes out for revenge...the film is made up of scenes of sex and gore, which are padded out with extremely dull talking sequences in which various characters mull over the recent events. these scenes are probably there to forward the plot and build characters; but they really don't do that, and succeed only in turning what could have been a passable exploitation romp into an extremely underwhelming film. it would seem that the director was more interested in style and atmosphere than the plot, and this is shown by the fact that the film looks and sounds nice. the sex scenes are often overlong and not very erotic, but the gore works well. the premise is ripe for giving way to a very sexy slice of exploitation, as there's plenty of naked women, and the fact that the central character has a werewolf origin means that there could be plenty of erotica; but this isn't capitalised on, and while i can stomach huge doses of bad acting and poorly done plot lines, i really can't stand watching films and being bored. overall, i wouldn't even recommend this film to big exploitation fans. there's plenty of better stuff than this out there, and while the title may sound intriguing - the film isn't.

daniella has some issues brewing under her attractive exterior. she starts to lose her mind when she finds out about a distant relative (who she resembles) that was burned for being a werewolf. she goes a bit feral when she beads horny men and slashes out their throats. she does eventually find a man that helps contain her inner beast but when others ruin their bliss she extracts her violent and furry revenge.'werewolf woman' isn't a very goof film but it does pose as a good crowd film. a fun time could be had by harping the bad acting / dubbing / translation and the just plain cheesiness of the production. but on it's own it moves slowly but does have ample nudity to keep you awake…barely.

"a young woman suffers from the delusion that she is a werewolf, based upon a family legend of an ancestor accused of and killed for allegedly being one. due to her past treatment by men, she travels the countryside seducing and killing the men she meets. falling in love with a kind man, her life appears to take a turn for the better when she is raped and her lover is killed by a band of thugs. traumatized again by these latest events, the woman returns to her violent ways and seeks revenge on the thugs," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.rino di silvestro's "la lupa mannara" begins with full frontal, writhing, moaning dance by shapely blonde annik borel, who (as daniella neseri) mistakenly believes she is a werewolf. the hottest part is when the camera catches background fire between her legs. the opening "flashback" reveals her hairy ancestor was (probably) a lycanthropic creature. ms. borel is, unfortunately, not a werewolf; she is merely a very strong lunatic.as a film, "werewolf woman" (in english) would have been better if borel's character really was a female werewolf; with her sexual victimization a great bit of characterization. but, as far as 1970s skin and blood flicks go, this one is hard to beat. bouncy borel is either nude or sexily clad throughout the film, which features a fair amount of gratuitous gore. dazzling dagmar lassander (as elena) and hunky howard ross (as luca) are good supporting players.

first thing i noticed in this movie of course, was the unnecessary amount of nudity. it's not oozing nudity or anything, but a lot that was not needed. annik borel plays a disturbed woman believing her families ghost stories that her ancestor who eerily resembles her was a werewolf, and believes their fate are destined to be the same. which actually i found quite interesting. the original wolf man was intended to be a completely psychological movie, but universal threw in the actual wolf man you were never supposed to see for n extra buck or two. i find this concept of someone not really being a werewolf interesting. unfortunately this is not the film i was searching for.instead we know shes not a werewolf from the beginning, so there's no thrill or twist, also they attempt to make the film seem like a this really happened scenario. they fail there too adding one or two parts of the film referring to this being reality. at first i was excited upon reading the description of the film. but i slowly realized it was a cover just so they could expose the main characters breasts as often as possible.annik borel is either a decent actor playing a great psychotic role, or a really bad actor playing a psychotic role. since the character danniele has no brains and is just a nut who runs around insane and snarling and snapping like a wolf, it takes little skill to play. she has moments were her performance breaks through for a creepy moment but is quickly ruined by the poor camera work and light. the idea is great, but hideously executed throughout the film. 3/10

i want to say the acting is bad, but i think it was the directing that made it so. i never thought much of highlander (same director) but that one could be blamed on the 80s.this one however, has no excuses. people get shot while exiting trenches with a man in front of him!? those kind of mistakes, along with an unclear time line, weird battle tactics, sub-par cutting and poor visual effects, makes this one a sub-par film over all.then like so many other have commented, all this american bullshit. the german general being practically scared of his captured american private. be prepared to swallow a lot of it, although in small doses.to sum it up, a not horrible but still definitely sub-par war movie in all aspects.

i usually read reviews before i watch a movie. guess what, i didn't do that before watching tlb, and i have to say i was very surprised to see the above average rating at imdb. i found it to have a total lack of story. you just get dropped into it (and, sadly, not in the way saving private ryan dropped us into the movie), and it also has a sudden end, which was very unsatisfying for me.i have to admit, the wounded soldiers looked pretty realistic to me, especially with the low budget in mind. but prepare yourself to have a laugh... some guys are being tossed through the air after an explosion as if they are olympic gymnasts. a mid-air corkscrew or somersault during ww i is a bit too much for me, especially when it's performed countless times during the movie...but the parts that really got me laughing until i almost cried were the scenes containing close combat. the screaming and shouting german voices...unbelievably funny. it seems as if they are spoken by one single actor / voice performer, because they all sound exactly the same, and it just sounds like a 'typical' german voice.i would absolutely not recommend this movie to anyone, except to people who just want to have some laughs because of the sad and corny quality of it.

how cynical are the writers, to pander so. i may be an american citizen, but i don't need to see other americans pat each other on the back for an hour and half in order to enjoy a film. i'm astonished that so few have commented on how utterly jingoistic, sentimental and trite the dialogue in this film really is. the historical inaccuracies of the film are not as gross and offensive as in "u-571" (which changes british submariners to american ones) but you still walk away feeling a little slimy. really, the germans in this film do nothing but admire the americans between battle scenes! how sad, unnecessary! i'd just like to say to the writers: it's obvious to many of us that you can't capture real people, with real problems, under real pressure, and that you've taken some very well tested shortcuts. lucky for you there will always be nationalist nutjobs to appreciate your sugar-coated tripe.

this book-based movie is truly awful, and a big disappointment. we've been waiting for this move over a month. many film reviewer were hopeful for it. also in newspapers and tv, it made big sense. when 29th april comes, many people regretfully noticed that movie is really awful. why? first of all story was so monotone. it has been many indefinite scenes, sometimes it's hard to realize what's going on. the actresses, out of hulya avsar, weren't harmonized with their roles, especially vildan atasever. she acts better in comedy films, in this movie, a kind of drama, she couldn't disposed of her previous role. and finally movie is too short, just 66 minutes.

interesting? hardly. the 'scientific evidence' the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that jews are a cancer) is so stupid and lame, it's almost laughable (if we didn't know what happened in that era).important? nah. i can't imagine germans (even at that horrid time) would like or believe this movie. compare it to riefenstahl's triumf des willens. now that was i movie i was impressed with. this is just silly garbage.'best' part is a scene from m (one of my all-time favorites) where (the jew, as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us) lorre plays a child-molester and murderer. in the eyes of these film-makers, only a depraved mind can do so. uh-huh. didn't know m was hitler's favorite movie, right?no, it's just plain stupid. even for it's nazi-propaganda genre. 2/10.

having seen "triumph of the will," i can only say this movie is ghastly, even measured against the historically low "standards" of the time. naturally it's all totally fabricated and prejudicial. this is what one would expect of 1930's german propaganda. unfortunately, the quality of the presentation, itself, is hackneyed and cheap. it's also so blatantly ridiculous that even contemporary germans must've left the theater holding their noses. in a genre renowned for its base appeal, lack of originality and unapologetic wrong-headedness, this film doesn't even qualify as "bad." it would have to improve significantly to attain that status!

this movie tackles child abduction from the point of view of a mom (lisa hartman black) who acts like a man would in an action thriller. unlike other movies where the focus is on the police, here the mom is tracking down her ex-husband who kidnapped their son. she gets help from her lawyer who eventually falls in love with her.before finally catching up with her son, a lot of bizarre things happen. the mom tries to take a child that looks like her son from a local children's play at a community theater. she gets caught, and then realizes it is not her child. that alone would have gotten most people put into the mental ward or a few months in jail waiting for trial. however, in this movie the mom is release after a couple of hours because the victim's parents feel sorry for her. a little while later mom breaks into her mother-in-law's house and then the police arrive and they have their guns aimed at her but they let her run away because they recognize her (and feel sorry for her?).at another point in the story they have found the child, but when the police arrive to search the house it turns out they left out the back door and got into the river on a dinghy that apparently the dad kept around just for such an emergency escape! the mom gets someone to lend her a raft, and even though it must have taken some time (in a real world), she and the lawyer-boyfriend, and the police catch up to the other raft pretty fast and it is upside down in the water by landfall. instead of getting out of the raft to search for the dad on the land, mom presumes he drowned the boy and she jumps into the water when she sees his life-jacket. of course, she cannot swim and sinks like a rock. the lawyer saves her, but they miss a chance to run after the dad. at one point the mom is told her son died at a clinic in mexico. on and on it goes, and where it stops nobody knows! in some ways, this movie really exploits child abduction and it is not very positive. on the other hand, seeing a woman do all the crazy things that men do in these kind of movies was fun (or funny?).

i just finished "dark chamber" aka "under surveillance" and i'm stunned. stunned, not by the film, but by some of the rave reviews i perused which influenced my watching it. the story was so ravaged by plot-holes and the majority of the acting so flat, categorizing it as a comedy seems appropriate. seriously, i found myself shaking my head and laughing in bewilderment as i endured this movie.justin leaves the confines of living at home with a pain killer-addicted mom to go live with his cop father despite mom's warnings that dad is no good. when a young woman is found murdered, justin becomes suspicious of the tenants who reside in the adjacent apartments. with the help of a couple pals, he installs covert cameras to keep tabs on these folks. as the truth begins to unravel, justin uncovers an unexpected secret.one positive point is that felissa rose is hot! i would have generously slapped an extra star or two on here had she peeled down a bit, but no such luck. it would have been the film's potential saving grace. eric conley played justin very adeptly, i thought, and i wouldn't be surprised whatsoever to see more of him in the future. the general premise of the film, although plagued by clichés, might possibly have worked had it not been for the ridiculously hollow "performances" of key cast members, most notably alexandra eitel (kayla) and david h. rigg (justin's father). the horror! (pardon the pun).i have nothing against low-budget films. indeed, i believe independent film is our only hope for decent film making in the days to come. i'll cut low-budget films quite a bit of slack when it comes to special effects, lighting, even musical score and the overall picture quality. i don't give allowances, however, for stick figure acting and a swiss cheese lover's script. there are a vast number of competently-made low budget films out there. sadly, this isn't one of them. i can't help but suspect that at least a few of the reviewers who have praised "dark chamber" here are in some way affiliated with its production.

justin goes home to live with his strict, hard-nosed police detective father, but it seems daddy has turned the upstairs into three makeshift apartments each with bizarre tenants residing in them. straight-laced idealist justin is thrust into the world of the occult, murder, under-aged drinking and other dastardly things. ho-hum wow, have i seen the same film that nearly all the other reviewers on here saw??? clever, compelling, original, intense, clever, genius????!!? i witnessed none of those things. what i did see was an uninteresting, bland, trite, extremely clichéd low-budget thriller that was ripe with implausibilities and no tension in the least bit as the killer is telegraphed as soon into the film as he gives his monologue/debate/discussion. and where are these humorous laugh-out-loud moments? i never so much as chuckled, perhaps because i was too busy struggling not to be put to sleep by the film.my grade: d dvd extras: audio commentary with director dave campfield; second commentary with various contributers as well as isolated music tracks; 4 featurettes (making of, on the set, turning 1 room into 4, & inside the black circle); interviews with felissa rose, desiree gould, & raine brown; alternate scenes; bloopers; a music video for 'addiction'; a trailer for this movie; and trailers for "shock-o-rama", "chainsaw sally", "skin crawl", "sinful", "bacterium", "creature from the hillbilly lagoon", & "millennium crises"

when stanwyck's husband-to-be is murdered on the eve of their wedding, she retreats to a mountain lodge, where she slips (sort of) off a cliff and is rescued by wealthy attorney morgan. morgan falls in love with her, leading to a definitely one-sided marriage, spent on a huge estate in chicago (which appears to be surrounded by mountains!). stanwyck is tempted by dashing cortez, but eventually returns to morgan, in a very subdued and unconvincing story resolution.this film has a great cast (morgan in particular is one of my favorites) and a great director, but the script is meandering and seems pointless at times. i was so ready to enjoy this movie but i was ultimately disappointed. still worth watching for the cast, and it's good for anyone who likes 1930s films.

another british cinema flag waver. real garbage on offer here once again. i cannot understand (and i am british) why this over the top, patriotic nonsense was ever made. eight years mark you, from when the second world war had actually ended! other commenter's here have remarked on the editing and apparent seamless use of archive footage. this is extremely poorly observed. the archive footage is in abundance. model aircraft swing from wires in the 'action scenes' like so many children's kites in the wind. the usual map room sequences tattoo the movie to make us supposedly drawn into the whole malta event. guinness must have his worst acting performance ever. the shocking back drop dog fight scenes are laughable. hawkins bores us all to death in the map room area. ealing made many great movies. this clearly is not one of them. they should have stayed away from such unconvincing rot!

in the opening scene of "malta story" mr a.guinness bore such a startling resemblance to noel coward that i fully expected his first words to be "certain women need striking regularly - like gongs" or some such world - weary bon mot.unfortunately his dialogue is hardly deathless prose and even the master would have had trouble bringing it to life.indeed mr guinness wanders through the picture as if looking for a focal point and failing to find one.and therein lies the fatal weakness of the whole movie.mr j.hawkins likewise gives up early on and ends up giving a "jack hawkins" performance without an ounce of individuality.it could have been spliced from any of a dozen british war movies.many of the early fifties usual suspects turn up and do their schtick to very little purpose. the luftwaffe failed to bomb malta into submission in much the same way as it failed to bring london to its knees.the courage of the maltese people in the face of incessant danger was recognised by the king and the island was awarded the george cross.a worthy subject you might think for a movie,but "malta story" does not even qualify for the term "worthy" in its most patronising sense.it gives the appearance of being hastily cobbled together to meet a deadline,perhaps before the actors lost the will to live.

i love the music of the clash and i love the music of joe strummer and the mescaleros. i went to this movie hoping to learn about the man behind most of that. but i came out of the theatre not knowing much more about joe than i already did after reading the entry on wikipedia. the movie never really gets through to the person, his thoughts and feelings. what they did was to collect the little material that they had, shaky blurry videos and to interview some people about joe strummer at a camp fire. it turns out that most of these people knew him very little or not at all, and that the director just wanted them in the movie in order to have some more celebrities say, "oh, he was such an inspiration to all of us". like bono or johnny depp (whom they seemingly asked to keep his pirate costume on to benefit from his current success in pirates of the caribbean). it seems that the director could not even wait until the body was cold before he jumped in to sell his version of "the greatest punk rocker and hippie at heart" that ever lived, sanctifying the person without really knowing enough about him.sure, being a fan i enjoyed seeing the images of the band, hearing the anecdotes behind the songs and such, but in the end i felt like what remained as the portrait of joe strummer could have easily been told in 60-90 minutes.go see the movie if you are a fan, otherwise better listen to some music of the clash or even better the undeservedly unknown mescaleros, where joe strummer reached the peak of his musical development before his death, melting all his rich influences together to one amazing sound.

strummer's hippie past was a revelation, but overall this felt like crashing a wake. campfire stories work best around the intimacy of a campfire. there were just too many semi-boring old friends anecdotes and too much filler stock footage. i love the clash and joe for not reuniting and selling their songs until now (fu mick jones), but this doc left me wanting..to relate more. using campfire storytellers without proper explanation of who is telling the anecdote alienates the viewer to some extent. they should have been interviewed on their own. even using strummer's 'radio dj voice' did little to glue the film together. and can someone explain all the flags flying behind the campfire scenes? after the awesome "filth and the fury" i hoped temple could deliver. a joe strummer doc deserves better.

growing up, joe strummer was a hero of mine, but even i was left cold by this film. for better and worse, the future is unwritten is not a straightforward "behind the music" style documentary. rather it is a biographical art film, chock full of interviews, performance footage, home movies, and mostly pointless animation sketches lifted from "animal farm." the movie is coherent but overlong by about a half hour.the campfire format, while touching in thought, is actually pretty annoying in execution. first off, without titles, its hard to even know who half of these interviewees are. secondly, who really needs to hear people like bono, johnny depp, and john cusack mouth butt licking hosannas about the man? they were not relevant to strummer's life and their opinions add nothing to his story.this picture is at it's best when strummer, through taped interviews and conversation, touches on facets of his life most people did not know about: the suicide of his older brother, coming to terms with the death of his parents, the joy of fatherhood. to me, these were most moving because it showed joe strummer not as the punk icon we all knew and loved, but as a regular human being who had to deal with the joys and sorrows of life we all must face.there have been better, more straightforward documentaries about strummer and the clash. (westway, vh1 legends, and kurt loder's narrated mtv documentary from the early 90's come to mind.) joe strummer: the future is unwritten is for diehards only.

