director kevin connor and wannabe action-hero / romantic lead doug mcclure, re-team in this ghost story set in japan. they had been moderately successful together in the 1970's, with the likes of 'the land that time forgot' (1975), 'at the earth's core' (1976) etc. without plastic monsters to carry the narrative along though, the results are shabby and derivative in the most corny way.the film begins with a prologue set in the 19th century, with a samurai husband killing his wife and her lover before committing suicide. a move forward to the present introduces married couple ted & laura, visiting japan and moving in to the house where the tragedy took place.no surprises as to what happens next, with the spirits of the dead starting to take over the new inhabitants with family friend alex (mcclure) assuming the role of the wife's lover.everything rumbles clumsily along with the elegance and grace of a charging elephant, to an inevitable ( but surprisingly downbeat ) conclusion. main points of interest are two feeble decapitations ( 'the omen' has a lot to answer for in promoting this as a standard horror set-piece ), and the love-making scenes featuring the doe-eyed but extremely kinky susan george. the first is a long 'don't look now' inspired piece with her hubby, complete with piano music; the second a much shorter (probably at her insistence) entanglement with mcclure, both looking pretty uncomfortable. anyway, every cloud has a silver lining and both scenes show of her fantastic knockers so all is not lost.overall i can't decide whether 'the house where evil dwells' is rubbish, watchable rubbish, or entertaining in a masochistic kind of way. if you're not into the genre there is nothing here at all, but for horror fans there is probably enough to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort.best scene - in any other film the big, black, tree-climbing, japanese-muttering mechanical crabs would have stolen the show. they are eclipsed though by the legendary family meal scene, where a ghostly head appears in the daughters soup. on seeing this apparition she asks what kind of soup it is (!!!!), to be told beef and vegetable, before uttering the immortal line "ugh - there's an awful face in my soup". if this wasn't enough the reply is "c'mon, eat your soup for daddy." laurel & hardy rest in piece.

i just rented and watched this movie just to see what's all the fuss about. so here's what my reactions to it are. it's easily seen that this is a low budget film with poor actors. the main plot of this movie is about a woman getting revenge on her rapists. this concept if done right could easily turn out to be a really provocative film. however, the movie doesn't shock or disturb me at all. it just bored me. this movie could be easily shortened to under 45 minutes. all lot of scenes are mainly there to fill in time, like those scenery scenes and some scenes i described below.************contains spoiler************ i find the rape scenes quite tame. i don't know if i have watched the cut or uncut version, if there is actually such a version. i also found many plot holes within the already badly written plot. here's a list on top of my mind.why don't the rapists rape jennifer during the night when she walked out her house to find out what those noise are. that would be an excellent time.why don't they just gang rape her, instead of delaying some of the rapists the pleasure and lengthening jennifer's ordeal by such a long time. it would probably be more shocking and disturbing that way.i found it really stupid that the rapists left her in the forest and head back to her house. maybe to show that these rapists are really imbeciles.these rapists should at least know that if you want to do a dirty job right, they shouldn't send a coward imbecile to do the job.why didn't jennifer call the police when the rapists finally left? which should be the first thing that pops up in most people's mind, especially for someone who is a writer. why didn't these rapists smell danger miles away when they saw jennifer is alive?i find it really amazing that a slender lady like camille can pull a man up a tree and hang him. ************************ends spoiler************but hey, this movie is not without its merits, camille keaton is gorgeous and i get to hear one of the funniest line i have recently heard when matthew protest of going back into the house and kills jennifer, `why me? why me, i didn't even c^m!!!'

i've seen the gator bait films, and this is almost exactly the same thing as those. a woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically exacts her vicious revenge on each of them. the thing that sets this movie apart from those ones (although not very far) is that the sexual content is not glorified. there is full frontal nudity many times throughout the film, but not for a second is it ever sexy. some of the rape scenes might seem a little extensive, but that's only because the movie is trying to strengthen the audience's need to see this woman seek revenge.this is a weak film, it has no other way to maintain interest other than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman get revenge on her attackers. i spit on your grave is not the kind of movie that you expect to deliver a serious moral, but i was glad to see that, since it contained a significant amount of violence inflicted upon the female lead, it was not meant to pass off as a t&a film.b-movies are notorious for being driven by nudity and out of control adolescent sexuality, and while i spit on you grave is unmistakably a b-movie and contains more than its share of nudity, the nudity does not drive the plot. on the other hand, the only thing that drives the plot is an empty necessity for revenge against a group of rapists. these men are evolutionary drop-outs just like they were in the gator bait films, and the biggest challenge for the writers seems to have been to come up with new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason the film can never be anything more than a meaningless b-movie is because it does not deliver a message of any kind, but instead it simply satisfies the audience's desire to see a bunch of rapists get exactly what they deserve. the one problem that this leaves is that we have to sit through the sexual attacks. oddly, the first half of the film is the part that contains the most nudity (although not by much), but it is by far the most painful to watch. we are even let down a little as we watch the woman obtain revenge since a couple of the deaths were so elaborate that they were obviously impossible (it seems like pure luck that the guy in the lake at the end felt such an overwhelming desire to hug the motor on the boat and press his genitalia against the propeller, staying that way while the woman yells some final words at him and pulls the cord), but again, this movie satisfies only the desire for revenge that the first half filled us with.(spoilers) you know that this is all the movie means to do, since it literally ends the minute the last guy is killed. the woman does not live happily ever after, she doesn't write her book, she doesn't leave and never return to that nightmare place, she just gets in the boat and motors around the lake while the movie simply stops in its tracks. but hey, what more did you expect?oh, and did you read the tagline? if you decide to waste your time watching this, try and find any man getting broken or burned. i was really looking forward to those…

i'm not going to bother with a plot synopsis since you know what the movie is about and there's almost no plot, anyway. i've seen several reviewers call isoyg an 'anti-rape' film or even a feminist statement, and i just have to chime in on the galling hypocrisy of these claims.first of all, what do we see on the cover of this movie? that's right: a shapely woman's behind. whether it was zarchi's attempt to make an anti-rape statement - and i absolutely don't believe it was - is entirely beside the point. the film is marketing sex and the titillation of sexual assault and the material is so graphic (everything but actual penetration is shown) that no one but the hard core exploitation crowd will enjoy it.the rape(s) in the film is uncomfortable, brutal and hard to watch. there's something to be said for presenting a horrible crime in such a brutal light, but there was no reason for this scene to go on for seemingly 30 minutes, none. there was also little character development of the victim and only one of the rapists is slightly developed (mere moments before he's murdered) so the scene isn't at all engaging on an emotional level. really, it's just presented for the sake of showing extreme sexual violence and you can tell by the movies isoyg is associated with on imdb (caligula, cannibal ferox, etc.) that it attracts only the exploitation crowd.finally, a few reviewers have commended zarchi's so-called documentary style and lack of a soundtrack. but considering how inept everything else in the film is (acting, script, etc.) i suspect these were financial decisions and the film looks like a documentary because he literally stationed a camera and let his porn-caliber actors do their thing.i'm not going to get all up on my high horse talking about the content of isoyg. i'm all for exploitation / horror and love video nasties. in fact, i'm giving this movie three stars only because it truly does push the envelope so much further than some other films. however, it's also poorly made and after the rape occurs, just downright boring for the rest of the film as we watch a bunch of ho-hum, mostly gore-less murders and wait for the credits to roll.this is probably worth watching once if you're a hardcore 70s exploitation fan but i'm telling you, the movie is overall pretty bad and not really worth its notorious reputation.

okay, you have:penelope keith as miss herringbone-tweed, b.b.e. (backbone of england.) she's killed off in the first scene - that's right, folks; this show has no backbone!peter o'toole as ol' colonel cricket from the first war and now the emblazered lord of the manor.joanna lumley as the ensweatered lady of the manor, 20 years younger than the colonel and 20 years past her own prime but still glamourous (brit spelling, not mine) enough to have a toy-boy on the side. it's alright, they have col. cricket's full knowledge and consent (they guy even comes 'round for christmas!) still, she's considerate of the colonel enough to have said toy-boy her own age (what a gal!)david mccallum as said toy-boy, equally as pointlessly glamourous as his squeeze. pilcher couldn't come up with any cover for him within the story, so she gave him a hush-hush job at the circus.and finally:susan hampshire as miss polonia teacups, venerable headmistress of the venerable girls' boarding-school, serving tea in her office with a dash of deep, poignant advice for life in the outside world just before graduation. her best bit of advice: "i've only been to nancherrow (the local stately home of england) once. i thought it was very beautiful but, somehow, not part of the real world." well, we can't say they didn't warn us.ah, susan - time was, your character would have been running the whole show. they don't write 'em like that any more. our loss, not yours.so - with a cast and setting like this, you have the re-makings of "brideshead revisited," right?wrong! they took these 1-dimensional supporting roles because they paid so well. after all, acting is one of the oldest temp-jobs there is (you name another!)first warning sign: lots and lots of backlighting. they get around it by shooting outdoors - "hey, it's just the sunlight!"second warning sign: leading lady cries a lot. when not crying, her eyes are moist. that's the law of romance novels: leading lady is "dewy-eyed."henceforth, leading lady shall be known as l.l.third warning sign: l.l. actually has stars in her eyes when she's in love. still, i'll give emily mortimer an award just for having to act with that spotlight in her eyes (i wonder . did they use contacts?)and lastly, fourth warning sign: no on-screen female character is "mrs." she's either "miss" or "lady."when all was said and done, i still couldn't tell you who was pursuing whom and why. i couldn't even tell you what was said and done.to sum up: they all live through world war ii without anything happening to them at all.ok, at the end, l.l. finds she's lost her parents to the japanese prison camps and baby sis comes home catatonic. meanwhile (there's always a "meanwhile,") some young guy l.l. had a crush on (when, i don't know) comes home from some wartime tough spot and is found living on the street by lady of the manor (must be some street if she's going to find him there.) both war casualties are whisked away to recover at nancherrow (somebody has to be "whisked away" somewhere in these romance stories!)great drama.

with knightly and o'tool as the leads, this film had good possibilities, and with mccallum as the bad guy after knightly, maybe some tension. but they threw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnants. it was of course totally superficial, beautiful english country and seaside or not.the number one mistake was dumping knightly so early on in the film, when she could easily have played someone a couple of years older, instead of choosing someone ten years older to play the part. they missed all the chances to have great conflict among the cast, and instead stupidly pulled at the easy and low-cost heartstring elements.

quite what the producers of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom.a group of top quality actors, in the main well cast (with a couple of notable exceptions), who give pretty good performances. penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise and equally good is joanna lumley as diana. all do well with the scripts they were given.so much for the good. the average would include the sets. nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book, although bizarrely the house they use for the dower house looks remarkably like it. it is clear then that the dower house is far too big. in the later parts, the writers decided to bring the entire story back to the uk, presumably to save money, although with a little imagination i have no doubt they could have recreated ceylon.now to the bad. the screenplay. this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it. edward does not die in the battle of britain but survives, blinded. he makes a brief appearance then commits suicide - why?? loveday has changed from the young woman totally in love with gus to a sensible farmer's wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear (less emotional than brief encounter). gus, a man besotted and passionately in love, is prepared to give up his love without complaint. walter (mudge in the book) turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man. jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who won't speak. aunt biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification. the dower house is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with jess who has a fear of armed soldiers. whilst miss mortimer's breasts are utterly delightful, i could not see how their display on several occasions moved the plot forward. the delightfully named nettlebed becomes the mundane dobson. the word limit prevents me from continuing the list.there is a sequel (which i lost all interest in watching after this nonsense) and i wonder if the changes were made to create the follow on story. it is difficult to image that rosamunde pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book; presumably she lost her control when the rights were purchased.

being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, i thought i was in for a treat when i took home "my wrongs..." (not that the dvd cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, chris morris, "a short film including scenes"). i should have known better really, and avoided this insipid (and often offensive) piece of twoddle.the scene in the church is repulsive to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with morris's warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious tv series, brass eye) and serves no purpose other than to shock. how this film is labelled a comedy i will never understand.the runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this is sadly not the case here. instead, we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs. this is all very interesting, but not worth a single frame of celluloid.to say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement. it relies far too heavily upon its heightened style, at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled. its over-simplified message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.the film does have its moments of pseudo-kafkaesque surrealism, but ultimately, it fails to convince, to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being irritating. if you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, i strongly recommend "franz kafka's it's a wonderful life", by peter capaldi.

simply not the quality i expected from morris (love brass eye and blue jam). this is very much like a not so bad student film. what concerns me, in all this is why did it win a bafta??? morris makes fun of 'enshrined mediocrity' (ayn rand) in much of his work (nathan barley) and yet with this piece is urinating down the backs of the talented and telling us its raining! i just hope as he has chosen a subject i would love to tackle (the humanity of terrorism - four lions) that he isn't going to cock that up, wasting the opportunity to make a statement about the farce of mainstream ignorance and opinion on this emotive and heavily spun phenomena.

there's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. it's just that some are better than others. this is very poor. the acting is awful, the script dire; and the special effects overrated.why does hollywood treat it's audience with such contempt? and why have they made a sequel?

one of the major flaws in this film is that while the mocking of pretentious yuppies is satisfying, it fails to realize that the movie makers themselves are guilty of being one of those that deserve to be mocked. one of the characteristics of these yuppie types is the conceited misunderstanding that they (the yuppies) are the only ones sophisticated enough to understand art. while the movie ignores this characteristic and instead focuses on their misunderstandings of dinning, i find it ironic that only people who enjoy this movie boast the same conceited taste in films as the characters do in their choice of dinner. if these pompous characters that were in this movie have a video library at home, i would bet that american psycho would be one of those movies.

enough is enough...sometimes they just need to stop making movies based on a concept that is long dead. the first tremors movie was great. the second one was ridiculous. the third one was nauseating. the tv series was depressingly awful. and this movie just drives the stake deeper.basically another excuse for cheap computer effects and puppetry, now we have the series set in the wild west, in the 1800's, and they fight graboids. like a rehash of the first one, they have to learn how to beat them all over again. mildly entertaining i suppose. otherwise this straight-to-video release, just like tremors 2 and 3, is just going way too far. oh and i continue to wonder how there is never any record of these events taking place...did they just simply forget to record this unprecedented event? i think something like this would be history-making, so our pals in the first film wouldn't be so unprepared. movies like this that ruin the original just make me crazy. avoid this garbage.

dear dear dear dear dear...me! i had the strength to see it through... but why?!the first two films where fun and actually somewhat good. but this is so bad we had problems seeing the whole thing. this was some kind of tremors for kids. i can't believe this movie was made at all..seems like the props where taken from some bad western series of some kind (for kids) and they just did whatever they could with it.what audience is this movie for? i can only think of 12-14 year olds. if you're older than 14 you'll have serious problems with this movie. it's not only slow, but it's so utterly boring. the characters are overacted (not just a little either) and so stereotyped it's fun for a while..but not long enough to not make you want to fling tomatoes at the screen. you know everything that is going to happen too, cause yes...you've seen it a billion times before in any hero series on tv for kids. i picked all the survivors and all the tremor fodder the second the characters got introduced. it's so bad..so wrong..so...crap.but ok, we did get a laugh now and then. not just at the silly plot holes, but some scenes where worth a replay or two...or one scene that is, where two baby tremors fling themselves at one of the obvious tremor fodder guys..it's really a great scene which made us replay it over and over and laugh wholeheartedly. still makes me grin when i think about it. but that only happened one more time sadly..and that's when the "badass" gunman shows up and overacts his part wonderfully...that and one comment "they spring from the ground like some demonic trout!" at this point we where almost crying with laughter. but after that..nothing could ever top that..(?)..so it's pretty much downhill from there. so tops here are demonic trouts and overacting. if anybody ever tells you this is a good movie...he's either a "plant", vegetable or someone very evil. this movie has got to be the worst of the tremors by far. looking forward to seeing tremors 3, it's bound to be box office hit compared to this...this...*goosebumps* no..i'll leave it at that.

well...tremors i, the original started off in 1990 and i found the movie quite enjoyable to watch. however, they proceeded to make tremors ii and iii. trust me, those movies started going downhill right after they finished the first one, i mean, ass blasters??? now, only god himself is capable of answering the question "why in gods name would they create another one of these dumpster dives of a movie?" tremors iv cannot be considered a bad movie, in fact it cannot be even considered an epitome of a bad movie, for it lives up to more than that. as i attempted to sit though it, i noticed that my eyes started to bleed, and i hoped profusely that the little girl from the ring would crawl through the tv and kill me. did they really think that dressing the people who had stared in the other movies up as though they we're from the wild west would make the movie (with the exact same occurrences) any better? honestly, i would never suggest buying this movie, i mean, there are cheaper ways to find things that burn well.

just a few words.... this movie really sucks. it's like those tv movies with bad cast and plot. it's amazing how they could make this sequel worse than the iii. don't waste your time watching this crap, even if you like the tremors movies.

this, the direct-to-video death rattle of the tremors series, features sixty inspired seconds (sawblade: you'll know it when you see it) and more tedium and filler than you can shake a stick at. tremors 4 was obviously shot on a cripplingly low budget. that means they only had enough special effects mojo for three or four minutes of precious worm-on-human violence, tops. the lackluster, cliche-spouting cast and hackneyed writing ensure that the remaining hour and a half of the tremors 4 experience feels at least fifteen thousand years long. only hardcore tremors fans will be able to sit through, much less enjoy this film. if you aren't among them- don't bother.

the fourth "tremors" feature goes back in time, to the year 1889. "the legend begins" in the small city of "perfection", which was then "rejection, nevada". as the story begins, seventeen miners are killed by the ghastly "graboids". some of the characters in the present-day "tremors" films have ancestors, both figurative and literal, in the past. most obvious is the ever-returning michael gross (as hiram gummer). unlike his descendant, mr. gross is inept with firearms; so, he hires gunslinger billy drago (as "black hand" kelly) to shoot 'em up some "dirt dragons".this one takes some getting used to - as it takes place in the distant past. it's like a western with miniature versions of the original film's monster "graboids". these tamer "dirt dragons" are nowhere near as terrorizing as their "tremors" (1990) counterparts. consequently, in this film, the characters spend an awful lot of time on the ground, which would not have happened in the original movie. and, it was weird to have the citizens give up the fight so quickly, when gross temporarily decides to leave town. why so helpless? why didn't brent roam (as juan pedilla) immediately rally the people to fight without gross? disappointing.**** tremors 4: the legend begins (2004) s.s. wilson ~ michael gross, brent roam, billy drago

warning: this review contains minor spoilers.well the writers of the first tremors are officially out of ideas. i'm a big fan of the first movie and the first two sequels are pretty good for straight to video fare. tremors 4: the legends begins, however, is a very dull movie. where the heck are the graboids??? due to the relative lack of graboids through the first 90 minutes i'm convinced that this entry into the series is suppose to be a "character study". unfortunately there isn't one interesting character in the movie except for billy drago's character who is given too few lines, too little to do and in the end too little screen time. what saved the 2nd and 3rd movies was the presence of michael gross as burt gummer. whenever there wasn't any action on the screen you could rest assured that burt gummer was going to be interesting to listen too and/or watch. however in this movie gross plays hiram gummer a very poor and boring substitute. on the plus side when the graboids (dirt dragons in this movie) are on the screen they do look good but that is about as good as it gets.i was impressed when i saw that tremors 4 was listed at 101 minutes long. pretty good for straight to video. but after watching it i'm sure that this movie is a good 15 minutes too long. there are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and doesn't further the plot any. was there a rush to get this movie made? i think not, more time could have and should have been spent on the script.i thought i had hit a gold mine when i saw tremors 4 packaged for sale with....tremors!!! what luck i thought, pay for #4 get #1 for free. well after watching tremors 4 i like to think i paid for the original and got this mess for free, i can't imagine paying a single dime for tremors 4. for fans of the series it's best to forget that tremors 4: the legend begins even exists.tremors 4: the legend begins rates a 3 out of 10.

i found tremors 4:the legend begins, to be dull and boring.all the action scenes were stupid.the so called "graboids" are reduced to the size of a modern day house cat, if not smaller.the acting was horrendous, and this film was just an unnecessary movie in the tremor saga, because even though it tells the story of how the graboids were formed, the story is so dumb and useless.also, if you want to tell a story way back in time, make sure you use the same actor(michael gross), to be someone in the past, when he's someone in the present in the other tremor movies.geez...if you haven't seen this film, don't waste your time.stick to tremors, 1, 2, and 3, for a good time.this film however, make sure you're remote is sitting right next to you with the stop button working for a quick retreat away from this nonsense.

if fassbinder has made a worse film, i sure don't want to see it! anyone who complains that his films are too talky and claustrophobic should be forced to view this, to learn to appreciate the more spare style he opted for in excellent films like "the bitter tears of petra von kant". this film bogs down with so much arty, quasi-symbolic images it looks like a parody of an "art-film". the scene in the slaughterhouse and the scene where elvira's prostitute friend channel-surfs for what seems like ten minutes are just two of the most glaring examples of what makes this film a real test of the viewer's endurance. but what really angers me about it are the few scenes which feature just elvira and her ex-wife and/or her daughter. these are the only moments that display any real human emotion, and prove that at the core of this horrible film, there was an excellent film struggling to free itself. what a waste.

as if the storyline wasn't depressing enough, this movie shows cows being butchered graphically in a slaughterhouse for all of five minutes while the protagonist is narrating her early life as a butcher. weird stuff. then there's the core premise of the hero/heroine who goes and cuts his dick off because a he's besot-ten with at work says he would have gone with him if he was a girl. is this person a psycho, a masochist, just a doomed queen who takes things too far? and what sort of traumatic childhood did he have? just that he didn't get adopted and had to live it out with nuns who at first loved him and then later hated him because he was unruly. he tries to explain to us the reasons he did what he did, but it's really really so hard to empathize. such sad and unusual self destruction. was it supposed to be funny? what was it all about really?

this is a confused and incoherent mess of interminable scenes of boring dialogues and monologues. that is no exaggeration: you have to make a tremendous effort to even try to become involved with it.i sincerely thought fassbinder would make something interesting in order to tell why does erwin/elvira suicides at the end, but instead of this, in every scene somebody is trying to explain: "when he was young, this happened..." and "he just came back from casablanca and ordered to cut everything down there...", etc.soon in the movie, erwin/elvira is in a slaughter house talking with a friend prostitute (certainly a slaughter house is the best place for a pleasant little chat), and while telling her the story of elvira's life, fassbinder shows the killing of one cow after the other. it is difficult to choose between giving attention to the disturbing images or what the transvestite is saying. of course we come to the very forced and coarse symbolism of "i have suffered much in my life, and am about to die".in one of the sparse moments where actually happens something, erwin/elvira encounters a former lover, that only after performing a extremely gay choreography with two other guys (as if going for the necessary level of homosexuality) is that he recognizes elvira.there are some interesting shots and ideas, i must admit (such as when the nun tells the story of the young erwin), but everything on the movie is wasted due to fassbinder's self- indulgence.

it's funny. i've seen a bunch of fassbinder films and i have found some to be extremely creative and interesting, while others are repellent and self-indulgent messes--like this film. for me, it ranges from great to crap--without much in the middle. i know he has a lot of fans among the "sophisticated", but i can't help but think that a lot of his appeal is pure hype. from my point of view (and i know i will get a lot of negative ratings for this), he made too many movies too quickly and was too self-indulgent. his gay or gender-bending films (like this one) tend to be really bad--sloppily done, sometimes quite boring (such as querelle and the bitter tears of petra von kant) and sometimes just gross (like this film). couldn't his message about acceptance of a person's gender-confusion be handled better than showing him get slapped around or watching cows being gruesomely slaughtered? show some sensitivity for the subject matter and make your characters more human and sympathetic--then, maybe, i'd care about the films. i'm honestly at the point after watching this film that i might not bother with any more fassbinder films--the bad seems to be out-weighing the good.

this film is in the mandingo & drum typethey were both dreadful but they are 100% better than this tripe,badly acted & made oliver reed is the main name & eartha kitt also is in it. tis a pity. rating is 1/2* about as low as yu can getas alwaysjay harris

there are no reasons to watch this movie. should you have won and extreme amount of money and having spent your time discovering life's every pleasure and have come to a point where by chance you are at a loose end and have some time to kill (like that would ever happen) then get this movie from the video shop (if you can find it and put up with the assistant laughing at you then ask for this movie. be prepared however for you mind to be invaded by extremely wooden acting by absolutely everyone (in fact the best acting was by the people who said nothing). oliver reed tops off his grand career by playing a drunk - go figure. but wait i forgot there is one reason to watch this movie - claudia udy showing her chest! sadly no other reason than that!

this is an extremely silly and little seen film about slavery in the west indies and it stars puddy from the "seinfeld" show! patrick warburton made his film debut in this contrived movie and he's noticeably slimmer here. oliver reed got top billing but he's hardly in the film at all. warburton plays a white slave and its funny to see all the young and horny wives of rich old men bidding on him because they all want to have sex with him. eartha kitt plays an owner of a bordello and they're is so much nudity in the film. if its not drunken orgies at the bordello then its the young wives having they're turn with him. then of course towards the end the slaves revolt and there's the bloody standoff. no real political message like the film "burn" but just another contrived plot device to move the story along. incredibly they made a sequel and warburton and all the rest of the cast came back! i hope they got paid a lot of dough because this first film is pretty bad. the nudity keeps it watchable and warburton's lack of any accent make it at times laughable. very bad film but i got to admit that i want to see the sequel.

2 stars out of a possible 10 - and that is being overly generous.i thought with a cast of james woods, cathy bates, randy quaid, lou gossett, jr., and henry thomas - how could it miss. i was wrong.i can only wonder what drugs sam shepard was on the week-end he cranked out this piece of dribble. i'd long suspected sam s. of being kind of nuts, this film, based on his play, confirms it.this is the kind of artsy b.s. that actors love to sink their teeth into as it gives them a chance to endlessly emote. however, for the viewer who sits through this nonsensical trash, there is absolutely nothing to love about this movie.you haven't seen dysfunctional families until you've seen this bunch. pa is crazy, ma is crazy, the son is crazy and the daughter is, oh yeah, crazy. they also have mouths on them that utter words that would make a sailor blush, especially the teenage daughter.in addition to the above, as if that weren't enough, the plot--and it's so thin you could read thorough it--has a hole in it the size of alaska.ma is conspiring to sell their rundown farm. as it turns out so is pa. now i don't claim to be a real estate expert, but the last time i checked, property jointly owned must have both of the owners signatures in order to be sold. if only one of them owned the property, then the other could not legally sell it, so it would be pointless for that person to do so. mr. shepherd prefers to ignore this basic fact, and therefore, his plot does not work.not that anything else was really working anyway.the only possible reason anyone could have for watching this film is if they are absolutely desperate to see james woods in full frontal nudity, and i can't imagine why anyone would want to.

before seeing this movie, i would've said that i loved everything kathy bates has done. now it's everything-minus-one. james woods is pathetic...not his character, his acting. someone should've told him that "poor" is not synonymous with dirty, nor ignorant, nor cliche. ditto for randy quaid's stereotyping. the only redeeming feature is henry thomas, who isn't a strong enough actor to carry this sodden mess. if you enjoy the country, you'll enjoy the scenery. that's the best i can give it.i'm a serious fan of both independent and quirky films, but this is simply terrible.

this would've been a *great* silent film. the acting really is good, at least in a look ma, i'm doing really big acting! sort of way.everything is huge. every line is profound! every scene is shattered by human tragedy!mostly, i felt like gagging. yet, like any train wreck, i couldn't tear my eyes away. this dialogue might've worked on the stage, although i doubt it. on the screen, it was cluttered, haphazard, hackneyed and pretty much every other stereotypical negative adjective you can come up with to describe a really bad dramatic work.if you enjoy your melodrama in huge, heaping doses, you *might* enjoy the movie. be prepared to wait, however. for all that melodrama, this thing sure plods along at its own pace.this script must've sounded a lot different when the actors involved were reading it to themselves. it simply doesn't work once they get around to delivering it in front of the camera.imdb does us a great disservice, at times, when it uses its goofy computer-controlled "weighted score". curse of the starving class deserves less than a 1.character-driven fiction is great, but when you develop your characters by simply pushing them through hoops with no plausible explanation for their maturation or evolution, it isn't character development! your characters must have a motivation. being drunk for a while and waking up in a field is *not* character development. that's a plot contrivance.stay away from this movie. or at the very least, watch it muted. perhaps you'll get some amusement from all the arm-waving the characters do.oh, and word to the wise -- to prove that this is truly an artsy film, you see james woods in all his dangly male "look-at-me, i'm-the-figurative-and-literal-representation-of-the-naked-vulnerability-of- man" glory.don't say you weren't warned.

this is not a children's movie!!!this movie is like a "bad acid trip" for kids under the age of 5. for a month my 4 year old from time-to-time would ask me "why was that rabbit bleeding from its mouth" or "why did the bulldozer bury all the rabbits?". (and that wasn't the worst of it). we stopped it about a 1/2 hour in but the damage had been done. intensely morbid, oppressive, violent. fortunately he's finally forgotten about the whole wretched thing. whomever decided this movie should be marketed to children should be brought up on charges. ... (go ahead censure me, my conscience is clear.).

i'd give this a negative rating if i could. i went into this movie not expecting much, but i had an open mind. the whole thing is stupid! the snakes are obviously fake and the first two things they bite are a boob and a guys johnson. oh how original; if i were a 12 year old boy i might laugh at that. i have no idea how this movie became so popular. seriously,the worst thing i've ever seen. i wasn't entertained, it wasn't funny,i wasn't even bored! i wasn't anything. it wasn't even so bad it was good, it's just bad. ridiculous actually. please do not waste your money on this movie. don't even rent this movie. no clue how it's getting such a high rating.

what can i say? i'm a secret fan of 'over the top' action and horror films. especially when it comes with a lot of lots of humour and innuendo, but i'm not a fan of snake on a plane.there are three potential draws to this film: • the comedy of the situation; • the horror; and • the novelty of hundreds of snakes being of a plane. firstly, this film isn't written as a tongue-in-cheek horror or a comedy, and there are only 1 or 2 points in the film where you'll smile to yourself. if you want to get the feel of the film, the trailer genuinely represents the movie, a horror.secondly, if you're expecting a film full of action and shocks, you won't be disappointed. it doesn't stand out above other movies, but it always keeps your attention.thirdly, although the novelty of snakes of a plane doesn't wear off, but you'll leave the cinema thinking "what was all the fuss about".i know this movie has a high rating, but it doesn't add up. a) many of the reviews where written before the film was released and, b) the breakdown of user ratings has a lot less variation than normal 77% of people rating the movie 10/10, with only 7% of people giving it 9/10 - why such an enormous gap?

i went into this film with expectations, from the hype, that it would be insightful and uplifting. certainly something more than a cheap promotional for the band "wilco."instead we get a lot of moping and whining about "the process," a dishonorable and no doubt one-sided portrayal of one band members who was kicked out by the prima donna lead singer/songwriter, a gut-wrenching confession by the fallen member's friend -- for like 18 years -- saying the "friendship had run its course," and this whiny, uncompelling story about how one record label "hurt their feelings" by dumping them, only so that the band could immediately get 50 offers from other labels (oh, the tension...not!) they tried their best to make it look like it was a strain, but i suspect it was all smoke and mirrors to generate a tragedy that didn't exist. this doesn't even take into account the long stretches where we get many of their newest songs shoved at us in full without any storyline, insight or even a decent job at cinematography. the strained attempts at emotional sincerity or reasonable perspective on life made me sick to watch.from the film, this band sounds like a bunch of vile little babies who poke around to find a voice they don't have and think they're some kind of guardians for the art of music, which they most definitely are not. and i thought the music sucked, and i couldn't even understand the lyrics due to the mumbling style of the lead singer.i give it a 2/10.

disjointed, unclear, bad screenplay, poor photography and direction...all in all very obviously an ill-conceived first effort at commercial film-making by the good people at tbn.tbn pictures has had great success in the past by helping to bring "china cry", the story of nora lam, to the big screen. but "the omega code" is an unfortunate miscue. as a christian who supports tbn and a lot of its programming and who loved "china cry", i still find it impossible to recommend this film to anyone. they do much good with their ministry, but this isn't an example of it. don't waste your money...go rent "china cry" instead.

the idea had potential, but the movie was poorly scripted, poorly acted, poorly shot and poorly edited. there are lots of production flaws ... for example, dr. lane's daughter who never ages despite the passing years. wait for video, but don't expect much.

interesting to read comments by viewers regarding omega code... many of the overwhelmingly positive comments were lifted almost word for word from tbn broadcasts... the movie looks as if it were made to go directly to video, to be stocked besides the three-part rapture series that was done by some other religious group in the 70s.. dont remember it? you wont remember this one either in a year or two. this is the first movie i have ever seen where it was implied that it was your religious duty to go to it and buy as many tickets as possible to save souls... very shameful... this just goes to show that if you are a televangelist's son, you too can play high-roller hollywood producer with lil ole ladies tithe money...

what was this about ?? pre-destination, you can not change the future cause it has already been written ??i'll give it this much. i did want to see what happened next and therefore watched the whole movie. this movie took a concept and made it watchable.if you're looking for a recommendation, see it at matinee prices. no thrills but an interesting concept. they should have left the y2k reference out....

this film had so much promise. i was very excited about this film. in the end, it was laughable at best, painful at worst. the acting styles ran the gamut from really, really, flat (the angels, the wife and daughter) to over-animated (casper's character). i felt that the dialogue was just an attempt to transfer information to the audience instead of real people trying to talk to each other. pay special attention to the scene regarding "the bug". it's pretty much an insult to the audience's ability to figure things out. in defense of that scene, though, it got the biggest laugh of the whole movie. i had read that they spent alot of money traveling to various overseas locations. too bad they didn't make use of it. i didn't feel like i was transported to exotic locations. anybody could insert stock footage of the coliseum in rome. however, to end on a positive note, i thought the sets were pretty good. i really liked the graphics that were displayed on the decoding computers. it is my opinion(and that's all it is) that if the schmaltz factor would have been much much lower and the action factor would have been greatly increased, this film would have been good.

this movie is mostly crap and the only reason this movie is worth watching is because jean-claud vam damme stars in this movie.there are some good action scenes in this movie and the best ones are at the end of the movie.the acting in this movie is so bad and its the worst acting i have ever seen and the 2 actors bill goldberg and michael jai white can not act at all.and this movie by far has to be one of jean-claud vam dammes worst movies he has done and if u what to watch him in one of his great movies u should watch blood sport,kickboxer or sudden death.over all this movie is crap/ok and my rating is 4 out of 10.

i tried to watch this movie twice and both times i still couldn't make it to the end credits. first time i managed to sit through the first fight sequence then lost interest. second time i managed to force myself to digest over an hours worth of shoddy acting, lame sfx and extremely poor direction. pales in comparison to the original.anyone ever hear about the old et atari 2600 fiasco? for those who haven't let me fill you in. it's 1982...et is one of the biggest box office smashes of all time...atari decides to release a movie tie-in game on their 2600 home console system. to cut a long and financially painful story short the game flopped big time and resulted in thousands upon thousands of atari 2600 et games to be dumped in landfills because they couldn't even give them away let alone sell them.what does universal soldier: the return have to do with this story? look at the 3.2 rating and figure it out for yourself.awful film...imdb forced me to give it a 1 out of 10 because their rating systems doesn't go as low as 0 let alone into the negatives.

in spite of having some exciting (and daring) sequences, nbtn just never gets going. there are exploding boats, hat pin murders, mass suicides, pathologists with body parts, and all sorts of classic mystery/horror scenes, but they're interspersed with extended periods of pure exposition. everybody in the movie looks bored. this is a shame because many of the sequences would be considered daring at the time this was filmed.add to this the "too-proper" brit characters and you feel like you've drifted into a sherlock holmes movie.finally, the cinematography is very ordinary. there are lots of opportunities for beautiful shots of of the countryside, or complex shots of someone being pulled into a huge bonfire, but the whole thing is unimaginative and dull.definitely only for lee and cushing fans.

dolph lundgren stars as a templar who comes to new york when a key that unlocks the anti-christ is found by an archaeologist, of course the demon is only a couple miles behind dolph and isn't killed so easily as he transfers from body to body. (like fallen without the suspense) of course lundgren is out of his element and the movie is completely unwatchable. i admit to being a fan of dolph lundgren, like steven seagal and jean-claude van damme, i try to watch his movies whenever they're on tv. i caught the minion and boy was i ever disappointed. this movie is utterly terrible. with action sequences so poorly staged and badly edited you can barely make coherent sense in the fight arena. worst of all is lundgren's woefully unconvincing perf as a tough guy priest (!) all of this made worse that the movie is such a rip off of fallen (which was good) and end of days (which was bad but better than this) overall this movie is the worst movie i've seen from dolph lundgren. it literally has nothing to recommend it. it's awful and it's the lowest point in lundgren's career. and i saw cover-up, the last warrior and masters of the universe.1/2* out of 4-(awful)

the minion is about... well, a minion. a servant of satan and whose goal is to get the key that will unlock the door where his master is trapped. he is some sort of demon who possess human beings and when the body dies will possess another. anyone who happens to be possessed will go on some berserker rage. dolph lundgren plays lukas, a member of a secret order of templars, who is tasked to keep the key away from the minion. the movie begins a thousand years ago, in the middle east where a couple of knight templars flee from the minion. then flash forward to 1999, where the key winds up somewhere underground in new york. an archeologist is assigned to study/dig the place where the key was found. needless to say, the minion is after the key, and the movie becomes a long winded chase scene between the minion and lukas and archeologist.the movie, is just that, a low budget b-movie flick. the movie lacks energy, and just trods along. you'll follow the chase but you won't ever feel involved in the story which willfully takes ideas from previous movies (especially the terminator films). the fight scenes with the minion is troublesome, in that you never get the sense of how good or how bad a warrior this demon is. it "skillfully" becomes a one-man army when fighting a squad of templars but sucks when it comes to one-on one. and it's supposed to be around for a long time. all this goes to show that any sense of logic is just thrown down the drain for convenience. the whole idea of a secret order of templars, a door to hell, and the key isn't well explained. we are merely to accept that they just exist. the movie seems to have been made with the feeling there's not much potential to the story but only enough to make a few bucks. dolph lundgren sure looks like he wish he were somewhere else.the verdict: 2 of 5 stars.

this is without a doubt one of the worst movies ever, i emphasize, ever made. what´s worse, my old hero dolph is in it and he´s starring it. jesus... the story is actually quite good but the way it´s carried out made even my body hurt. the fighting scenes for starters are about as well choreographed as a fight between two drunks slugging it out in the gutter. the actors, except for dolph who kinda sucks also, perform so badly you can´t help but wonder if their reason for being there is that they´re all friends of the director, who by the way must have been absent most, if not all, of the time. this is §12 million spent in an unimaginable way, because by the look of the effects and scenery, the cost can´t be a cent above §1000.

come on, let's get real. the knights of christ, ordo templi, or the knights templar as they are more commonly called did not even exist until the early 12th century. the story is so laughable that it's pathetic. dolph lundgren just looked positively bored. and besides, if you wanted to have a real-life templar, why not just use the knights of christ, who are still in existence in portugal. at least they should have taken history into account. the only redeeming quality i could find in this movie was that the artifacts looked authentic enough to pass for medieval or gothic period pieces. the acting was bad, the storyline appalling, the action horrible, and the props were okay.

for two of the funniest comedians, the movie was awful. fast forwarded it and never got any better! waste of time and waste of money! tina fey is such a great writer, i thought that she would be so great in the comedy. the previews were so great, but they only showed the best parts of the movie. my husband even thought that for a chick flick, it sucked. what is up with that. movie was very slow ans boring. i will not recommend it to anyone at this time. i would like my money back for this one! boo from us here in arizona. thanks but no thanks. who does this kind of stupid stuff to make people think that you are pregnant. i thought that it was going to be so funny, i have had my own children and i have helped others have children. it could have been more along the lines of reality.

come on tina fey you can do better then this. as soon as the movie started i knew how it would end. sure it was funny at times. even laugh out loud funny. but there isn't enough laughs to save this movie. i don't recommend buying this. at the most i recommend renting it but thats all. baby mama has some funny scenes but is predictable and fails to have the heartwarming ending it strives for.tina fey and amy poalher made a good team. mean girls is one of my favorite movies. tina fey and amy poalher both did great in that and they do good in this. but this isn't there best. baby mama had a great supporting cast. dane cook, sigourney weaver and steve martin add to the casts greatness.another pregnancy movie has hit the cinema world. after the great knocked up and juno, baby mama looks very average when compared. knocked up and juno are hilarious, heartwarming and have endings that leave you with a smile on your face. baby mama's ending was unfunny and dull.baby mama wasn't the best comedy of the year and it doesn't try to be. i recommend it but don't expect it to be totally hilarious. expect a average comedy that doesn't give the big emotional ending it tries to have. i give baby mama.....4/10

i wouldn't say this totally sucked, but if it wasn't for netflix i wouldn't even have this in my house. steve martin's eccentric president of a chain of health food stores falls flat. he's just not funny. he's another in a long slew of snl rejects that can only find work whoring themselves to the next snl movie. the birthing coach with the elmer fudd lisp is about as funny as it is original. amy poehler simply goes through the same motions she would for a 7 minute snl skit which is about as funny as snl lately. the only thing going for this movie is that tina fey is easy on the eyes. the ending was predictable as soon as you heard her character couldn't get pregnant. the subject matter could have opened up to other comedic attempts, but it seems to simple simmer along, not really entertaining or creating laughs.

i saw this movie last weekend and it is silly and mindless. an ancient curse turns a man into a mummy in his pajamas? the victims are scared senseless and can not run from a slow moving old man. they drop their torches and shiver instead of attempting to ward him off or,duh, burn him. quentin alias mr. fabersham of the honeymooners is married to diane brewster alias miss canfield of leave it to beaver fame, who is unhappy in marriage. wow, love plot. the rest of the cast just follows each other in the tombs and wait for screams to react and run to their aid. the egyptian girl is not bad looking but does not lend much to the film. where is the mummy? really just a curse unleashed. this does not hold a torch to universal mummy films in the least.watch this movie if you need sleep, because you will dose off.

an expedition led by hunky captain storm (mark dana) travels to the valley of the kings in cairo to find out what happened to an earlier expedition. they meet beautiful mysterious simira (ziva rodann) who joins them. they soon find themselves faced with a blood drinking mummy...and only simira seems to know what's going on.a real snoozer. i caught this on late night tv when i was about 10. it put me to sleep! seeing it again all these years later i can see why. it's slow-moving, the mummy doesn't even show up until 40 minutes in (and this is only 66 minutes long!), the acting ranges from bad (dana) to real bad (george n. neise) and there's no violence or blood to be found. this movie concentrates more on second rate dramatics (involving a silly love triangle) than horror.this rates three stars because it actually looks pretty good, everyone plays it straight, there's some good acting from diane brewster, it's short and the mummy attack scenes (all three of them) aren't bad. they're not scary just mildly creepy. still, this movie is pretty bad. a sure fire cure for insomnia.

**spoilers*** slow as molasses mummy movie involving this expiation in the valley of the kings in egypt that has to be aborted in order to keep the native population, who are at the time revolting against british rule, from finding out about it.given the task of getting to this archaeological dig by his superiors british capt. storm, mark dana, together with a couple of british soldiers and mrs. sylvia quentin, diane brewster, the wife of the head man at the dig robert quentin, george n. neise, make their way to the unearthed mummy's tomb. on the way there capt. storm sylvia and his men run into this desert-like princess simira, ziva rodann.simira seems to be superhuman in her ability to withstand the rigors of desert life, she doesn't drink water or get tired, but also knows just what capt. storm & co. are looking for and warns him and his group to stay as far away from the dig, pharaoh's ra ha tet tomb, as possible.at ra ha tet's burial chamber robert quentin and his crew of archeologist's together with his egyptin guide simira's brother numar, alvaro guillot,already opened his tomb before capt. storm can get there to stop them. quentin violated ra ha tet's body by having dr. farrady, guy prescott, cut his bandages. this action on robert's and dr. farrady's part has numar faint dead in his tracks. it later turns out that numar somehow was possessed by ra ha tet's spirit or soul who took over his body and caused him to age, at the rate of 500 years per hour, to become himself a 3,000 year-old mummy.the movie has numar dressed in what looks like a pair of pajamas slinking around ra ha tet's tomb and it's surroundings attacking and sucking out the blood in order to survive, like a vampire, of anyone man or animal that he comes in contact with. this blood-sucking adventure by numar, with him later losing his right arm, goes on for some time until the by now crazed quentin trying to find the entrance, you in fact thought that he already found it, to ra ha tet's tomb get's himself killed is an indoor rock slide.we learn at the end of the movie that numar, to absolutely no one's surprise, is actually ra ha tet reincarnated into another, some 3,000 years later, person or life. numar's sister the mysterious and sexy simira is not only ra ha tet's sister, since him and numar are really one and the same person, but also the egyptian cat goddess babesti! also not that hard to figure out.with numar/ra ha tet back in his tomb and all the deaths, due the the pharaoh's curse, now at an end capt. storm sylvia and whatever is left of his men and the late robert quentin's archaeological expedition trek their way back to cairo and modern, this in 1902, civilization. the survivors of pharaoh ra ha tet curse keep what they found, and unearthed, only to themselves since no one would believe them anyway.

the soul of an ancient mummy is transferred to one of his followers so that he might punish everyone involved in the desecration of his tomb. the soul transference makes the young man age at a tremendous pace until he himself resembles a mummy. one by one, the blood is drained from those involved in the dig.to be as brief as possible, pharaoh's curse is quite the lackluster affair. while the movie does present a few good, original ideas (blood sucking mummy's, soul transference, interesting make-up effects, the arm ripping scene, etc.) and a few atmospheric moments, the direction and pace are the very definition of plodding. to make matters even worse, the first 15 of the film's relatively short 66 minute runtime consist of nothing much more than padding. i usually go for these slow moving mummy movies, but pharaoh's curse tests even my patients. the cast helps very little. with only one exception (ziva rodann is the lone bright spot – wish the movie could have focused more on her mysterious character), the cast is as dull as the screenplay. finally, i don't know whose idea it was to put the mummy-looking servant in what appears to be pajamas, but it's a laughable, ridiculous look for a creature that supposed to instill fear in the audience.despite my mostly negative comments on the pharaoh's curse, i'm going to rate it a 4/10. not a good rating to be sure, but generous given all the problems i have with the movie.

this is the perfect example of something great going awfully bad... hence, can i advice anyone to watch it? well, i was kinda obliged by the fact that in was in the tiff competition (i still can't believe it won)..and i only remained until the end because the director was there for a q&a section..but that was also anything but interesting.. what's it about? well the first half (the worth watching one) presents three characters: a hooker, a musician and some kind of official..the first two lie about their professions..but the third is the actual liar.. the second half (do something else..don't ruin a good evening) includes some old breasts and heavy drinking.. but maybe you will see it completely different...the tiff jury did (were they drinking vodka ?)

as much as i dislike saying 'me too' in response to other comments - it's completely true that the first 30 minutes of this film have nothing whatsoever to do with the endless dirge that comprises the following 90.having been banned somewhere doesn't make a film watchable. just because it doesn't resemble a hollywood product does not make it credible.worse yet, in addition to no discernible plot (other than there are lots of muddy places in russia and many people, even very old women, drink lots of vodka) a number of visuals are so unnecessarily nauseating i'm in to my second package of rolaids.as for spoilers - well, the film is so devoid of any narrative thread i couldn't write one if i tried.don't waste your time or money, and don't confuse this with good russian cinema.

i agree with the previous comment, the beginning of the movie is quite good, and get's you wandering about what is to come....... which is nothing. all open story lines remain open; two characters who at first seemed like they might be of some importance are completely left out of the picture, save for 1 or 2 very short scenes. i wander if ilya wouldn't have done better to just completely leave them out.... as for the one remaining character, nothing is done with her either. she just visits some god-awful place, and suddenly the movie isn't about her anymore, but about some geriatric witches who spend their days making dolls out of bread, drinking homemade vodka, and apparently flashing each other. some may say the movie does well in showing a society crumbling, like the judges of the iffr, but for me it is just bad taste, bad camera-work, a lousy script and frightfully bad direction. therefor i can not be as generous as my predecessor when it comes to grading: 1!

the film is worth watching only if you stop it after half an hour. it starts of with funny conversations in a bar and makes one expect a good, funny story is to come. well, i can tell you it will not come. it will deteriorate in minutes into a movie that challenges your patience as well as your feelings of shame for the actors to an extend you will probably not be pleased to witness. in an interview i heard that the director wanted to express in this film the feeling of a loss of identity that, according to him, the majority of the people in this globalizing world experience. i was amazed to hear that. am i living in the same world he lives in? ok a lot of people do walk around in the same clothes as mine and listen to the same music and all, but that doesn't make me feel like i am losing my identity. what does khrzhanosvky think, that we are not more than the clothes we wear and the movies we watch? am i shortsighted or is he?well my vote: the good start of the movie saves it from getting a 1, a decent 4 is my conclusion.

the worst movie i have seen in quite a while. interesting first half with some engaging, terse dialogue among dubious characters in a late-night bar. the movie then degenerates into a shapeless succession of scenes aiming for visual shock (read disgust) without any redeeming observations or lessons in humanity or anything else.i wanted to walk out, but the director was present at this showing and my politeness preventing me from showing him disrespect. still, time is precious (as the director himself observed in his intro) and i really begrudge the time i wasted on the second half of this one.saving graces were the three main characters in the first half of the movie, especially the female lead.

let me start by saying that i consider myself to be one of the more (most!)open-minded movie-viewers...movies are my passion, and i am a big regular at my local cult-movie-rental-place...i also feel the need to add that they often ask me for advice about movies whenever i get there, and i never seem to be able to leave the place without having had an elaborate discussion or exchange of ideas about what is going on in the cult-movie-area...i love to rent strange stuff, and that is exactly why this movie was recommended by one of the guys at the cult-movie-video-place.he told me he thought i had to see this, and since the cover said something about it being a movie with a jodorowsky(one of my favorites!)atmosphere, i rented it.the vote i gave here is not really fair, because i did not think it was awful, i just did not know how to rate it otherwise. a question mark would have been more appropriate...this is the first and only film that literally made me sick to my stomach: i actually felt physically ill! am i the only one whose stomach literally turned? still i did not want to turn it off, or maybe i just couldn't because i was fascinated in a nasty way...i do not ever wanna see this movie again.not awful,a 1 as i said.just not my cup of tea(or wodka for that matter)...

film starts with 3 people meeting each other in the bar. ok. they're talking about their imaginary lives, lying all the time, with no reason. still ok.from time to time, they even make you laugh. interesting. first 30 minutes you actually enjoy it! but then...things become worse...nothing's happening...for a long time...and then, when something happen, all you can see are naked old "ladies" touching each other! not ok. disgusting! by the way, this part should be the top of the movie, but it's everything except that! movie has no point,it's boring, and sick! the strangest thing is that here(belgrade, serbia) on fest (film festival), this movie was the most popular according to researches, of course, before people watched it! i even thought(before watching): "hay, this might be interesting, although it's a russian movie"! but, god, no!!!!

the movie is basically the story of a russian prostitute's return to her home village for the funeral of a sister/friend. there are a couple of other minor story lines that might actually be more interesting than the one taken, but they are not fully explored. the core of the movie is the funeral, wake, and later controversy over the future of a community of crones that make dolls and sell them to buy vodka but are now missing the artist who made their dolls marketable. apparently, the movie is unedited. the prostitute's journey from the city to the village is an excruciatingly endless train ride and tramp through the mud. maybe that's supposed to impress us with the immensity of the russian landscape. the village itself, such as it is, is inhabited by a legion of widows and one male, the consort of the dead girl. continuing the doll business is problematic for everyone involved and eventually seems impossible. most of the film is shot with a hand-held camera that could induce nausea. another problem for western viewers is that subtitles don't include the songs and laments of the crones. don't go to this movie unless you're fluent in russian.

the russian movie, "4," follows the lives of three (not four) strangers who meet one night in a local bar. one is a musician, one a frozen meat seller and one a call girl."4," i gather, is intended to showcase the dreariness and hopelessness of life in post-soviet russia (the characters have to make up stories to make their lives appear more interesting than they really are), but the movie is so incoherent and boring that i seriously doubt very many people will be able to sit all the way through it. there seems to be a suggestion running through the film that the shadowy russian government is up to some shady doings behind the scenes - operating secret cloning facilities, selling decades-old frozen meat etc. - but the movie is so formless and incomprehensible that i doubt anyone could figure out what anybody's really up to here.despite decent acting and a few incisively directed scenes, "4" is a two-hour long endurance contest that should be avoided at all costs.

i'm starting to think that there's a conspiracy, all right: one that involves a wallop of money paid to those who have access to published columns in newspapers and film and art magazines to ensure that this or that film, despite its obscurity, will reach a higher status via a ratings point which will tag it with a "universal acclaim" or something within that range, thus ensuring unsuspecting folk (like me) will wander into theatres or rent the bloody thing, expecting a surprise, only to find myself racing to the bathroom to upchuck.this movie is one of them. it has definitely make me bypass any and every posted article i come across because it's rather clear that two things might have happened: either i didn't get the message that is so hidden beneath this film's inner realms as to be impossible to access, or they and i watched two entirely different movies that happen to share the same name. 4 is a dirty trick on the audience. it's no wonder that it appeared and disappeared faster than you can say "smorsgabord" and that despite the rating it got on metacritic, no one had heard of it. it's terrible with sugar on top.firstly, there is the ever-present number four from start to finish. while having a little symbolism here and there is okay, and it's been done with various degrees of success in many well-known movies, this movie is panting with it. four dogs at the start of the movie, looking at the camera in a heretofore empty street when suddenly, machinery drops onto the foreground and proceeds to rip open the asphalt. four people in a bar, although one of them is a non-entity. three of them go their separate ways but are linked nevertheless, not only to each other but to what their lives are not. while this concept may work, the movie meanders so much -- particularly with the story of the would-be model played by marina vovchenko which goes into the territory of the extremely bizarre, and not in a good way -- that the initial theme gets lost in translation. or maybe, like i said before, i just "didn't get it." the problem also lies in that so much time is spent on marina's story (which revolves on the death of her sister, from bread-chewing, no less, and the subsequent, shrill mourning which follows) that any interest in the inherent surrealism dissipates without a trace. so what if the same horrifying tales that the three strangers interchanged in a bar seem to have a truth of their own? the director doesn't invest much time in truly tying them together, or weaving a tighter story that could, in a david lynchian way, intersect either with the past-present, or within alternate dimensions, or even as a straightforward, mundane science-fiction story. this is an uphill battle against an insurmountable wall that only a saint (or someone into the weird for weird's sake) could endure.

wow, what a great cast! julia roberts, john cusack, christopher walken, catherine zeta-jones, hank azaria...what's that? a script, you say? now you're just being greedy! surely such a charismatic bunch of thespians will weave such fetching tapestries of cinematic wonder that a script will be unnecessary? you'd think so, but no. america's sweethearts is one missed opportunity after another. it's like everyone involved woke up before each day's writing/shooting/editing and though "you know what? i've been working pretty hard lately, and this is guaranteed to be a hit with all these big names, right? i'm just gonna cruise along and let somebody else carry the can." so much potential, yet so painful to sit through. there isn't a single aspect of this thing that doesn't suck. even julia's fat suit is lame.

how this film was made with so many big stars is beyond me. this is a terrible cliché' ridden film with the worst acting any of these actors have ever done. it really surprises me that so many of these a list stars would agree to this unfunny film. what's even worse is the fact that is made almost 100 million here in the states. it does go to show however that big stars can pull in the bucks, even if the film is terrible. i felt sorry for everyone involved in this snore-fest. billy crystal tried his best with the what he was given and the rest of the stars seemed to be walking through the motions. whatever you do, don't fall for the excellent cast because no one could have saved this.

let me put it another way: balls. or, how about bollo*ks. this is truly awful, more embarrassing than those it attempts to satirise. julia roberts is a skilled actress, and usually her work is of the highest standard. this movie is so lacking in direction even she struggles to look proficient. normally she is the consummate professional, yet i swear that in her eyes, there were signs of bewilderment and despair.the one thing that might have rescued this move was the idea about the director (chris walken) turning the movie into a secret documentary about the actors. unfortunately, that theme wasn't explored to it's full potential. too little, too late.zeta jones was wooden, cusack was cusack, and crystal should stick to acting. the two talented ex-buffy stars had different experiences - green hopelessly mis-cast, and balfour under-used. well done to julia for just about preventing this from being the worst movie ever made.

and i mean ultra light. this film features four giant stars, about three and a half jokes and nothing beyond that.there really isn't too much to say about this stinker, other than that although it has a couple of really good bits, most of it isn't very funny. nor does it work at all as a romance. how about as a romantic comedy? not on your life. most of the dialogue is way too flat to be sophisticated, much less amusing.what's really ashame is the premise is not bad at all. this movie could have been so much more, especially with all the recent focus on some of the bogus ways in which films are promoted, complete with phony quotes from critics. the film uncovers the un-mined territory of the press junket -- those all expense paid trips for journalists who almost always write nice reviews. but instead of exploring what should have been a motherlode of jokes, it devotes all of about three minutes to this territory and moves on in pursuit of the film's lame romance.the same with catherine zeta-jones' character -- the whinny, self centered movie star. zeta-jones does a good job with what she's given, but she's given practically nothing. it's all homogenized junk that looks very pale in comparison with some of the things we've heard about stars over the years.in the end, it is hard to understand what made zeta-jones, julia roberts, john cusack and billy crystal sign aboard this doomed ship, which sinks like a rerun of "the love boat." in fact, as the old joke goes, they should have forgotten the script and filmed the deal. it would probably make a better story. so, go ahead and tell us, filmmakers, what do you have on these stars that got them to appear in this?

if you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of alt&#305;oklar, as it is promised by the tag line, you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of alt&#305;oklar regarding most famous issues like sex, marriage and cheating. to much nudity, which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that alt&#305;oklar was unsuccessfully to "try something new" as he has quoted. to much sex centered jokes seems to show that alt&#305;oklar had fallen for the famous saying which is "sex sells." i was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique. however in the end i found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching alt&#305;oklar's experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work.

in a way this is the disaster fellini has been working towards all his life. the line between absurd masterpiece and free association bullshit is very small, and what category a film will ultimately fit in will often just depend on personal feelings. that said, "casanova" left me in cold admiration for its sets and little more that cannot be summed up more adequately by bukowski: "casanova died too, just an old guy with a big cock and a long tongue and no guts at all. to say that he lived well is true; to say i could spit on his grave without feeling is also true. the ladies usually go for the biggest fool they can find; that is why the human race stands where it does today: we have bred the clever and lasting casanovas, all hollow inside, like the easter bunnies we foster upon our poor children." as far as i could make it out, this is the position fellini takes regarding his subject; granted, with more empathy, but disgusted nonetheless.casanova's environment is made from decay and incestuous behavior, themes fellini dealt with more pointedly in "satyricon". the succession of plot is characteristic of soft porn, just without the coherence; and donald sutherland is ugly and slimy to the point of distraction.yet, there might just be a point in portraying casanova as an unsightly fool. and i challenge anybody to formulate this point without being obvious; fellini couldn't. more than ever he seems here like a dirty old man - a maestro, for sure, but one whose impulses satisfy himself more than anybody else. i find it hard imagine an audience who enjoys this film. it was a story not worth telling.

i should explain why i gave this..."piece of art" 1 star rating out of possible 10. simply because it's hard or next to impossible to rate it unbiased. probably it would have been the same if i had given it 10/10 - explanations anyway would have followed.i am not fond of these pointless gore movies like hostel or so - i think that's disgusting and pretty terrible (in all the possible contextual meanings), but as i found out after watching this movie - there is a genre called "historical drama" - and probably it would have been the case of 10/10 as it has plenty of it and tarantino would have been more than happier with it (and made kill bill 3 to spill even more blood on screen than here to show that it is possible). but the thing about "historical drama" genre is that it's a sub-category of the "trash movies" where john romero is the undead-gory-emperor-of-the-guts and so automatically it can't be rated as your default movie - as these are movies that are made bad on purpose and you can't really tell whether the comically bad moment was meant to be so, or it was simply bad. it's for the people who like to enjoy bad acting, bad screenplay and bad everything else. and by some turn of faith - i am one of them too. there are days when i have an urge of seeing a really bad movie and look up for some trash and here you go - the day is saved! but that's definitely an opinion of mine and doesn't have match with anyones' else.what i wanted to say is that if you want to watch some terrible movie - then fellini's casanova is definitely the choice, but heed my advice and don't rate it by default means.

1st watched 2/2/2003 - 4 out of 10(dir-jim kammerud & brian smith): drab and un-spectacular supposed sequel to the original classic animated `101 dalmatians.' yes, the movie continues where it ended in the first one, but the problem is that it plays out much like the original. one of the great things about the original was the pacing of the story, which this one doesn't have. the animation is also very un-spectacular for disney and all we get is the same characters going thru the same kind of story all over again. when is disney going to stop boring us with sequels and re-do's etc.. etc. probably when we stop renting or buying this mediocre fare that they have put out.

i was very unimpressed with cinderella 2 and jungle book 2, but this is possibly worse than both titles. first of all, i didn't like the animation, very saturday-morning-cartoon, only worse in some scenes. i liked some of the characters, namely thunderbolt and patch, but the other characters, like cruella were mediocre. cruella was truly villainous in the original, but she lost her quality in the sequel. what she said was nothing at all to write home about and her animation was kind of ugly. also her artist companion lars was a joke to be honest with you, and roger seemed to have quit smoking overnight. the voice talents were very good though especially barry bostwick as thunderbolt, with the exception of jodi benson, the accent ruined it for me. there were some good moments, but the whole plot seemed bloated for me, and highly suggestive of an extended tv episode. all in all, a hugely disappointing sequel to the most memorable of the 60s disney movies along with jungle book. sorry, i can only give this a 3/10, it just wasn't my cup of tea. bethany cox

i mean the word "pedestrian". seems the producers of the film forgot to have anything interesting happen. faith domergue can do better than this. she is supposed to be the mysterious, vengeful cobra goddess torn by love for marshall thompson (there's an idea, eh?). instead she's a common would-be housewife of the fifties, and the single, flat expression she wears throughout the film makes me think they shot it all in the early morning before faith had her coffee. as for the rest of the cast, they are all so earnestly "all-american" that the result is laughable. this is ground more productively covered in val lewton in "the cat people". i think "cult of the cobra" should really be titled "cult of the contractual obligation". why else would so many otherwise talented people sleepwalk their way though a slow-moving, predictable, derivative failure like this?

faith domergue (better known as "dr. ruth" in this island earth) is the only reason to watch this film. the story is very thin, and once the air force buddies return to the states with a cobra curse upon them the action is just a waiting game. see faith the snake woman and try to pretend the rest isn't happening.

cult of the cobra is now available on dvd in a pristine print that does full justice to whatever merits it has as a movie. unfortunately, that is not saying much.it has a competent cast of second-rankers that acquit themselves as well as could be expected under the circumstances. it is efficiently directed, entirely on sound stages and standing sets on the studio backlot. it looks ok, but is ponderously over-plotted and at a scant 80 minutes it is still heavily padded.for example, the double cobra attack on the first of the gis was surely one attack too many.the business about julia choosing to marry pete rather than tom never amounts to anything. tom immediately falls in love with lisa and she never has any reason to be jealous of julia (nor is she).julia's 'feminine intuition' is introduced as if it is going to lead to an important plot development, but it doesn't. similarly, pete's investigation into cobra cults and the suspicion that briefly falls on tom serve no purpose other than to fill up screen time.these are just symptoms of the underlying problem. the movie is structured like a mystery but it isn't. as soon as the curse is pronounced we know exactly where the story is heading, so the characters are left painstakingly uncovering what we already know.the ending is particularly lame. julia is menaced purely by accident. lisa has no reason to want to kill her - she just happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. when tom turns up in the nick of time to save her, it is not even clear whether she was threatened at all. he then simply disposes of the cobra in the way any of the previous victims might have done.it is such an inconsequential little pipsqueak of a story that i found myself wondering how on earth it had been pitched to the studio heads. then it occurred to me. someone said: "those val lewton movies were very successful over at rko, so why don't we make one like that?"cult of the cobra is clearly modelled on cat people: mysterious, troubled, shape-shifting woman falls in love with the hero, is apparently frigid, kills people, arouses the suspicions of the hero's woman friend and dies at the end. but 'modelled on' doesn't mean 'as good as' - by a wide margin. it copies, but doesn't understand what it is copying.it is obviously trying for the low-key, suggestive lewton style, but this approach doesn't follow through into the story. lisa is no irene. she is meant to be strange and mysterious but there is no mystery about her. we get a glimpse of her after the first attack in asia, so immediately recognise her when she turns up in new york. there is never any doubt about her purpose. neither is there any ambiguity about whether of not she actually turns into a snake.then again, during her nocturnal prowling we get, not one, but two attempts at 'buses'. neither come off, because the director doesn't understand what makes a 'bus' work and, in any case, they happen to the stalker, not the person being stalked.these faint echoes of cat people give cult of the cobra whatever small distinction it might have, but they only draw attention to the yawning gulf between the original and the imitation.plagiarism may be the sincerest form of flattery, but i doubt if lewton or tourneur were particularly flattered when this tepid little time-passer came out.

six gis, about to be send home and discharged, get drunk and sneak into a cult meeting in asia. surrounded by hooded figures, two male dancers pretend to have a fight. behind them, on an altar, a woven basket opens and a figure painted emerges and begins imitating a snake, finally biting one of the dancers on the neck. the imitation snake is dressed in some scaley looking body tights. (this is definitely a female imitation snake.) the cult member who has sneaked them into the secret meeting has warned the six men repeatedly that the ceremonies must not be interrupted and, most definitely, no photos must be taken or else they will be hunted down and killed. naturally, the gis take a flash photo, send the cult members into an angry hysteria, steal the basket containing the "snake" and run off with it into the asian night.one of the guys, the most offensive and snarky, dies from a cobra bite on the neck, though no one can explain how the snake got into his hospital room.back in new york, it all seems rather old news as the discharged men settle down into their civilian lives, still maintaining their bond with one another. their jobs range from manager of a bowling alley (david janssen) to graduate research student (richard long). james dobson, jack kelly, and marshall thompson are also part of the neighborhood. richard long has a nice blond girl friend. kelly is a somewhat reckless womanizer. but they all get along well enough and all of them seem happy.then a dark, shifty-looking, mysterious woman (faith domergue) shows up and marshall thompson takes a liking to her and insinuates her into the group.guess what happens. first janssen is terrified by a shadow in the back seat and dies in a car crash. then kelly gets a visit from domergue. something scares him so badly he tumbles through the window and dies in the fall to the sidewalk. long and dobson begin to suspect what the viewer already knows -- that domergue has had something to do with the deaths. they also reckon that maybe she's turning into a cobra, which is the case. dobson confronts her with his suspicions and she proves his point.by this time long and thompson are thoroughly frazzled, particularly thompson, who is in love with domergue and has discovered that she is attracted to him, too, although he must explain to her what "love" is. no matter. a final reckless attack by the cobra woman against long's girl friend -- not one of the six original offenders -- and thompson must throw the snake out the window. on the pavement below, the body changes to that of domergue. the end.i think i'll skip over most of the questions that the plot raises. i'll just mention one of the more prosaic ones in passing. who paid for domergue's fare from somewhere in asia to new york? who's paying her utility bills in the hotel? who paid for her spectacular wardrobe? how come she speaks american english so well? what the hell's going on? the writers and director have clearly seen some of val lewton's modest horror films and, though not much effort has gone into this production, they've unashamedly stolen some gimmicks from lewton. in lewton's "the cat people", for instance, the woman is transformed into a black leopard but, with one tiny exception, the threat is always kept in the shadows and is all the more spooky for it. most of the transformations here use shadows too, but unlike lewton's, the shadows are clumsy and unambiguous.lewton also made occasional use of what he called "buses". lewton's first "bus" was a literal one. a potential victim is hurrying alone through the dark tunnels of central park with only the sound of footsteps. something or someone is following her. she freezes with fright under a street lamp. something rustles the branches of the shrubs above her. she looks upward. there is a loud, wheezing shriek that makes your hair stand on end. it's a bus using its air brakes to stop for her. the producers used at least two "buses" in this film and they amount to nothing. a guy is walking distractedly across an intersection, for instance, and there is the sudden rumble of a truck that almost hits him. there is no set up to the shot. it's jammed in with a shoe horn.i don't much care for movies that perpetuate the stereotype of serpents as slimy, ugly, venomous, and phallic. as a matter of fact, no snakes are slimy, most are harmless, and many are extraordinarily beautiful. furthermore, they're more feminine than masculine in their sinuous movements and serpentine approach to goals. you want a reptilian symbol for masculinity? try a six-lined racerunner. it's a really fast lizard. when it sees something to eat, it rushes up and gobbles it down.anyway, if you want to see some fine, low-budget scary films, don't bother with this one. find "the cat people" or one of lewton's other minor masterpieces, of which this is an obvious copy.

this film is so bad, you can't imagine. the acting is terrible, even worse than in third class soap operas. an it is a shame that this movie was the most successful in the past 20 years in switzerland. the interactions between the soldiers didn't make any sense at all. the story could have been taken out from a bravo photo-story, the dialogues were as wooden as treebeard and the plot holes were bigger than the black hole in the middle of our galaxy. but nowadays it doesn't need much to satisfy the audience. the actors were handsome for example the former miss switzerland and the main character was even hung (woah!!) and there certainly was much abuse of drugs. that's real cool man! particularly for 12 and 13 year old teens. but the media created an atmosphere in witch you was not allowed to reject the film because they manipulated the peer group dynamics by telling implicitly that you are a nerd if you don't go along with the other `sheep' and say.yes that is exactly what it was like when i was in the army/ that's exactly what i'm going to do when i must go to the army.. to every cheesy action that had to do with drugs and coolness. and don't think i like the army. i was there and i hated it but this film is worse than cleaning up the sticky toilet with a teeth brush (which i was forced to do because i offended an lieutenant) it is not necessary for every film to be sophisticated. sometimes you only want to be entertained for a few hours and forget about problems and i think its not a bad thing. but this kind of films influence teenagers to much by showing them a cool lifestyle which in fact is only stupid and turns them into brainless ignorant and egocentric idiots. but since i now that my opinion isn't very popular i will be quiet now and recommend you to avoid this terrible flick at any costs and for that to save your wits!2/10(sorry for my bad english)

seriously - avoid this movie at any cost. i just saw it in my first "sneak preview" ever and although i paid non-refundable money for it, i walked out of the cinema after a mere 15 minutes. which already includes 2 minutes of discussion among my friends whether or not to leave. first time ever i walked out of a movie. and i lived through some pretty bad ones.it's one of those films that is dubbed (and badly so) even though it is shown in its original language. it relies on the oldest, simplest and cheapest jokes in the book. on the military ("what do we do once we reach the fighting zone?" - "you get out of the car and die"; actually, it's much funnier to read here that the way it was delivered in the film), on drugs (a guy eats some "space cookies", behaves really silly and misses his wedding or has to live through it while high - all badly written and acted), on women in the army ("why do we only get trumpets? we were promised guns!" - "that's the way it is, that's the way it'll stay")... argh. okay, you might actually find these genuinely funny, but in that case you seriously scare me.additionally, i have seen better acting in the kind of soft porn films you get on european late night tv. so it had lame jokes (delivered badly), beyond lower average acting, lacked pace, was badly dubbed and edited – it just didn't work. at least not on any level used as a measure for films.i would even be so bold as to say that this flick proves that there are people who can be a lot less funny zan zee germans. and that's saying something if you like stereotypes. (which i don't, it's nice to play with them, though. just in case somebody thinks i'm not being pc enough.)instead of going to see this film, do something useful. try to teach crocheting to prawns, paint your toenails in a really irritating colour, disassemble your bicycle, change some light bulbs, try to understand einstein's theories, convert to a different religion and back - in fact, go and listen to "last christmas" by wham! on endless repeat. anything, but don't watch this awful flick.

this film makes "american pie" a sophisticated movie! no further comment needed. humor is cheap, dialogues are stupid and the cast is awkward. every cliché is used several times without any original twist. and far the worst, the movie turns out to be more catholic than the pope. it's so sad.

well, awful is just the first name. this movie is a cliché-ridden piece of junk. a high school comedy setup in a military training camp. i'm sorry i had to give this 1 star which it did not deserve.this may contain spoilers:just about everything is totally forced, unconvincing and unrealistic. the hepo (military police) will not come to get you if you don't make your appearance, especially not on your wedding day. the actors were pretty embarrassed during this scene, because the scene didn't work as it was so highly unlikely. you can sense it in their voices. even if they were not such bad actors, they wouldn't have been able to save the scene. next the guy has to exercise in his wedding suit. no, there was no time to get him an uniform first. man, this is great cinematography! i will remember this scene for the rest of my life.there are also girls in the camp--exciting--one of'em even a model, though not looking that great--and the baddest actress i've ever seen. i doubt in hollywood they would let her say a single line in a b movie. okay girls in the military! now this is getting fun. the girls are even placed on the same floor, so we can sneak to their room at night! in reality they would be placed in a different building a quarter mile away, separated by two fences with barbed wire. there are tanks available we can use for a fun ride in our spare time, of which we have plenty. no, the tanks are not locked, and the ignition keys are inserted. no one will notice the engine sounds, especially not at night.there is a bunch of sex scenes and references and all are below the waste line. we need those so the sexually obsessed germans will like the movie as well. switzerland is too small a market for any feature film. well done!one sex scene takes place in the kitchen. surely, none of those facilities are ever locked. the military routines are as sloppy as they can get.in the end of the brainless flick, the mafia hit men are about the take revenge on the poor guy trying to shoot him! because he deserted his fiancée! sure i buy that, the italians are that way--a jealous bunch (not). the bad guys attempt to do this in open daylight with two dozen eyewitnesses. not at night in a dark alley. again, military training grounds (where there is shooting with live ammo) are open to the public, anyone can freely drive or walk in there. there are no such things as guards or fences. the deed however is prevented by the good captain timely launching a rocket into the italians' car. the explosion knocks the hit men and the enraged fiancée off their feet. no one in 40 feet distance is hurt when the car is blown to smithereens. it's a comedy, remember.okay. it's a comedy, i got that, and i can live with that. no realism needed. filmmakers can easily get way with this if it is hilariously, side splitting funny, or entertaining, interesting, challenging. unfortunately it is none of those. it's just embarrassing. a rip-off from brainless american comedies. the latter are at least done professionally, with no amateur actors.it is pretty boring and predictable, a waste of time and energy, especially to those sitting through the entire movie as i unfortunately did. yawn.

the fact that this movie has been entitled to the most successful movie in switzerland's film history makes me shake my head! it's true, but pitiful at the same time. a flick about the swiss army could be a good deal better.the story sounds interesting, at the beginning: antonio carrera (michael koch) gets forced to absolve his military training by the army while he is in the church, wedding his love laura moretti (mia aegerter).the acting in some way doesn't really differ from just a few recruits getting drunk and stoned in the reality. melanie winiger plays her role as the strong michelle bluntschi mediocre, personally i found her rather annoying. the storyline contains a comedy combined with a romance, which does not work as expected. the romance-part is too trashy, and the comedy-part is not funny at all, it's just a cheap try and does not change throughout the whole movie whatsoever. it's funny for preadolescent 12-13 year olds, but not for such as those who search an entertaining comedy. the humor is weak except for some shots.dope? cool! stealing? cool! if you want a proper comedy about the swiss rs, make sure you did not absolve your military training yet, and even then don't expect too much!i'll give it 4 out of 10 stars, because marco rima is quite funny during his screen time. not a hell of a lot screen time though

the youthful group in "st. elmo's fire" who just graduated from college barely seem able to make it through high school much less four years at any prominent university. for the most part, these kids are irresponsible, selfish, greedy and stupid, yet co-writer and director joel schumacher appears to hold them up as touchstones for a generation. with a now-outdated cast of "up and comers", a background score that sounds awfully similar to that of "terms of endearment", and writing which lords the smugness of this circle over us, "fire" is a paltry blaze, one that gets even more embarrassing as the years pass on. *1/2 from ****

this british pot-boiler has one thing going for it: the young men are uniformly good looking. the older men are opinionated, right-wing thatcherites whose behavior brings back all the acrimony of the reagan/thatcher years. young or old, however, morals in this three-part mini-series are universally suspect and no one comes off particularly well.nick is a handsome young gay man fresh out of oxford. it is not pivotal to the story, but he has an extraordinarily beautiful head of hair which makes watching this drivel much easier. nick comes to london with a friend, whose father gerald is a rich conservative politician, and babysits his sister cat while the family frolics in the south of france. they neglect to inform him that, when upset, cat cuts herself with an assortment of knives and other kitchen implements. nick mistakes their self-serving 'gratitude' for affection and moves in, finding out too late just how much they despise and patronize him. inexplicably, nick lives in this house for four years but, as the plot depends on this point, it's best not to question it.while nick is most pleasing to look at, he is unbearably obsequious. his coy subjection to rich bigots soon had me climbing the walls. deeply closeted except to cat (she guesses his big secret on sight), he does like a little anonymous sex just so we know he is actually gay. though it hardly seems possible, nick takes a lover who is even more closeted than he.supercilious tories scorn and insult the two blacks in the film, so imagine the venom which spews forth when nick's sexual orientation is reported in a tabloid. gerald, in true tory fashion, has become involved in several personal and financial scandals, so the revelations about nick add to his embarrassment. this gives gerald one final opportunity to roundly castigate the hapless boy.except for one brief moment of indignation, nick takes the abuse heaped upon him in silence and tacit agreement. denial, self-loathing, naiveté, or ignorance? you decide, if you can manage to sit through this whole thing without throwing something at the set.

even if you subscribe to the knee-jerk anti-free-trade politics of this movie, it is still just the same tired note, played again and again and again. clink clink clink. even if you can accept a preacher with peroxide hair who advocates a return to first principles, the reverend billy is pretty hard to look at as a serious figure. the clownish reverend is the sort who wakes every morning with no aspiration more ethereal than to see his own face on tv before he climbs back into bed that night. he has a pretty wife, i have to admit, but it would take tons more than that to save this dreary mess of a movie. the interminable bus rides are the worst part--with progress shown--can you guess?--by a colored line moving across a map. aww, you guessed. oh well, it has the virtue of being short. is that the only favorable thing i can say? hmmmm. yep, afraid so.

the intention the directors has for this films are quite honorable, but his history of his productions did get me aware that this might not get much to the core like other film makers would do it. keeping his great 30 days tv series in mind but also counting in his mtv production "i bet you will" that opposes his seriousness in any of the matters he documents and also counting in his rather disappointing production "supersize me" i did not had my hopes up high. sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less. as with "supersize me" after a while i did ask myself what exactly the point of all this was. the main statement gets clear enough after half an hour but the rest of the playtime gets filled with rather pointless stuff and re-repeating stuff that were already shown in this way or another earlier in the movie, so it wears out and gets extremely boring towards the end.

this film is just another distortion, among many distortions, on the so-called 'sins of consumerism'. please note that 'reverend billy', an actor (bill talen), is nothing more than a bureaucrat against the 'sins of consumerism'. we might want to ask are questions, like: what does 'reverend billy' do for a living? how does he make his money? does he make his living off his 'tax-deductible' organization? how does the internal revenue justify this as a 'tax-deductible' church or organization? everyone knows that christmas is commercialized, but it affords one day out of a whole year in which people have an opportunity to be charitable, and allows a significant number of people to spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. everyone is not charitable. everyone does not spend time with their families, friends, or extended families. but, holidays and vacation time give people that chance and opportunity. yes, america does have more than its share of problems--but, with perseverance, americans have and always make it through great difficulties. and, even in times of strife, america has proved itself to be the greatest country in the world. that happens when americans pull together and unite, rather than to separate and divide. yes, there are problems with corporations and monopolies, but it will take americans to bring back the small businesses, along with the ethics to responsibly care for people living in our individual communities. yes, globalization has brought us its share of problems, but it will take americans to bring production back to america. americans and the u.s. government need to learn how to stay on a budget, no matter how large or small it may be, and we must stop our dependence on credit. our over-reliance on credit will make, and keep us poor, from the cradle to the grave. it is important to buy--but, if we buy less, we will rely less on credit. and, if we are able to save, even a small amount of money, we will have money for a rainy day. not to say that, as americans, we will gain an equal share of wealth. wealth is not guaranteed, and has never been guaranteed. but, stratification teaches us that only a small percentage of americans hold most of america's wealth. there is a good proximity that you or i can reach the level of the upper, middle class. and, who knows what can happen from there?!? be positive, work hard--and, at the very least, you and i will be able to reach at least some (if not all) of our dreams. in life, nothing is guaranteed, but we always have that something to reach for. and, if you or i don't have dreams, we might as well be dead. in america, there is always room for plenty of hopes and dreams. as individuals, we are a part of the pack, but we always can become the leader of the pack.it has always been my experience that churches and religion do offer nothing more than additional distortions, but i pay dignity and give respect to people with other beliefs, values, and perspectives. but, as far as the distortions expressed, within this film, i do not have any faith in such beliefs, values, and perspectives. i rank this film with a 1 out of 10--but, in all honesty and truth, this film deserves a zero. this film has no integrity, and i cannot recommend it.

this one is just like the 6th movie. the movie is really bad. it offers nothing in the death department. the one-liners are bad and are something that shouldn't be in a noes movie. freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie. lisa wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while. the characters are extremely underdeveloped. all in all better than the 6th one, but still one the worst movies of the series. my rating 2/10

come on. the new twist is nearly ok, but from avenging the elm street children freddy is just killing people now. more of the same: special effects with no actual character development or anything. simply bad and insulting. scary..? nope. not at all. just bad.

bottom-of-the-freddy barrel. this is the worst film in the series, beating "freddy's revenge" for that title. a cheap-looking (with mediocre special effects), incoherent mess, with freddy turned into a punster. he has one or two cool lines, but that doesn't save this illogical and sloppy sequel.

it's getting worse, the series is on a serious down fall. the first two sequel were acceptable and from then on we have seen a buch of really, really terrible movies. robert englund gives another great performance as freddy but the rest of the cast can't act. the story is alice, having survived the previous installment of the nightmare series, finds the deadly dreams of freddy krueger starting once again. this time, the taunting murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of alice's unborn child. his intention is to be "born again" into the real world. the only one who can stop freddy is his dead mother, but can alice free her spirit in time to save her own son? check out the first three, miss the next three then watch the last one.

this film is so incredibly bad, that i almost felt sick watching it. up until this point, the other installments had at least one good thing about it. part 1 was suspenseful and gory. part 2 was off beat and entertaining. part 3 was interesting with great effects. part 4 had great music, good special effects, and a new entertaining freddy krueger. part 5 is more boring than anything i've ever seen before. alice, a much prettier blond, from part 4 is back with her boyfriend dan. at parts, this supposed elm street installment turns into a daytime soap. the newer characters seem harsh, and even that sweet alice has a chip on her shoulder. freddy seems to be completely out of this one. he looks tired, and doesn't seem to be as gruesome. his one-liners seem out of place and different, where as in part 4 they could be pretty funny. leslie bohem's story never gets off the ground and stephen hopkins' direction is so bad, that it makes my grandmother look good! the whole plot of this movie is ridiculous and unrealistic. it's also confusing and pretty stupid. avoid part 5 at all costs!

i am still trying to determine whether the previous installment was worse than this one, or vice versa. being that it is nearly fifteen years since i saw this film, the fact that i remember so little about it does not bode well. perhaps it is simply because i only watched it once or twice, but i doubt it. if there was anything worth remembering about this film, you can rest assured i would remember it.at the time this film was released, the franchise was still entering its dying phase, so a lot of media coverage was allotted to it. it's never a good sign when teenie pop magazines contain explanations of the plot basics. one such article had to explain that freddy was left too weak to infest the dreams of grown humans, so he decides to go after alice's unborn son. so far, so good, but this is the job of the writer or the director to explain to the audience. it should not be left to some unrelated publication.making use of the trivia given in part three about freddy's conception, one could half expect scenes that would lift this joke out of the "horror for infants" category, but alas, that was not to be. it goes to show the sheer idiocy of the american ratings system that a piece of b'harni-esque garbage like this could get the same rating as a genuinely frightening piece like the original.by this time, the franchise could not attract anyone with an active career. fortunately, or unfortunately depending on how you look at it, lisa wilcox was there to provide a quotient of competent acting. or perhaps she just looks competent by comparison to the rest of the cast. either way, given that her last role was in something called the all new adventures of chastity blade, i doubt she really had anything else going for her. even poor old robert englund has been in better productions than that in the past fifteen years.given that box office returns were in a steady decline, and not just for this franchise, at the time, one would have thought that the studios would realize neutering their films does not make them more saleable. in fact, this particular film, like its immediate predecessor, was so neutered that not only did it fail to attract a new audience, both succeeded in alienating the core audience that originally supported the franchise. despite this, part five must be given some credit for not having the bright, luminescent feeling that made part four so insulting to look at.i gave a nightmare on elm street part five a one out of ten. by trying to appeal to everyone, or the mpaa's idea of everyone, it succeeds in appealing to noone. like parts two and four, one could erase it from the continuity entirely, and nobody would notice the difference.

i consider this film one of the worst in the nightmare series. it was so boring that i couldn't remember a thing 20 minutes after the film was over, it even tires me to write a review on it.okay, #4 was a joke and freddy was the joker. #5 tried to return to the roots of the series. it was darker and more atmospheric than nightmare 4, which is a good thing, basically. they tried to shoot a horror film instead of a comedy. unfortunately they forgot to add suspense and scares. because of that nightmare 5: the dream child is neither funny nor is it scary. what we actually get is a boring film with the usual bad actors (maybe with the exception of lisa wilcox).the plot (freddy killing lisa's friends by using the dreams of lisa's unborn child) has a good base but it just isn't enough for 90 minutes of film. sometimes the story gets very confusing (maybe because there isn't any) and you can't stop wondering what the filmmakers were aiming at. the screenplay must have had more holes than swiss cheese and the film therefore was very cheesy itself (let me say that i don't like cheese though, even if i am from switzerland). not even the special effects were as good as for example in part 4.don't bother to rent/buy this film if not for completeness, it's quite a mess.my rating: 4/10 (get used to it, #6 is also a messy one...)

like freddy's revenge, this sequel takes a pretty weird idea and doesn't go to great lengths to squeeze a story out of it. basically alice from number 4 is pregnant and her baby is haunted by freddy which gives him an outlet to haunt her friends. this has the least deaths out of the whole series and the wise-cracks are quite poor, so neither the horror fans or comedy fans are happy.  i've not alot to say about this. it's moderately interesting to see the characters of alice and dan returning from four, but not worth watching a movie over. uninspriring and unenjoyable, possibly only the competant direction saves it from being the worst in the series.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning alice, having defeated freddy at the end of the last film, is now trying to re-adjust her life. but her unborn child is carrying a demonous presence- freddy, trying to come out into their world again.it's interesting to note the directors who got their big breaks directing freddy films- charles russell (eraser, the mask) renny harlin (the long kiss goodnight, cutthroat island, cliffhanger, die hard 2) and here stephen hopkins (lost in space, predator 2.) but while russell and harlin made a good job of it, hopkins imo has made something of a podge with this entry, that should be quickly forgotten.the story is clearly being stretched as far as it can go here, with freddy ludicrously a father himself and the ridiculous looking demon baby. even at about an hour and a half, it all gets rather tiresome, and of course, not scary at all.the "bon appetit, bitch" catch-phrase is the only memorable point of this other wise very forgettable entry. *

"the dream child" of 1989 is the fifth film in the (generally overrated) "nightmare" series, and at the latest from this point on, the series became total garbage. the only good films in the series were wes craven's 1984 original, and the third part, "the dream warriors" of 1987. the second part was disappointing and boring, and it was the fourth part in which the formerly scary madman freddy krueger began to annoy with constant idiotic jokes. this fifth entry to the series has hardly anything to recommend except for (admittedly great) visuals, and one creepy scene, a flashback sequence to how freddy krueger came into existence. the rest of the film consists mainly of our razor-clawed maniac-turned-jokester yelling stupid one-liners, and the old formula of a bunch of teenage jackasses, who desperately try to avoid falling asleep, because good old freddy awaits them in their dreams. lisa wilcox is back in the role of alice johnson, and a bunch of uninteresting crap, such as a super-dumb 'eerie' children's rhyme is added for no other reason than to have some sort of justification for making this superfluous and boring sequel... in short: no originality, just a decline of the old formula, and an over-load of painfully annoying jokes. my (generous) rating of 3/10 is due to the great visuals, and especially to emphasize the difference to the terrible next sequel, "freddy's dead", which is awful beyond belief. in case you're not a hardcore freddy krueger enthusiast, "the dream child" should be avoided, and even if you are, this is more than likely to disappoint.

i will stat of with the plot alice, having survived the previous instalment of the nightmare series, finds the deadly dreams of freddy krueger starting once again. this time, the taunting murderer is striking through the sleeping mind of alice's unborn child. his intention is to be "born again" into the real world. the only one who can stop freddy is his dead mother, but can alice free her spirit in time to save her own son? this movie did start of really well as we see alice dreaming of being amanda kruger who get stuck in room and get raped by 100 manics then she being rushed to hospital but then she not longer the pregnant lady but then she amanda giving birth to freddy again.alice and dan are the only two people to return from the 4th movie and then have gotten some new friends its' no long before freddy start to kill again, i did like the first dead it okay, not as good as the other deaths or dreams.freddy himself didn't seem to be scary in this movie at all, the nightmare were just boring really they were not scary or creepy at all.acting in movies was okay for a 5th movie in the series but overall i think this movie was really dull. (still not worst movie of the series, freddy dead is the worst)4/10

"scary movie 2" is a let down to the scary movie franchise. scary movie 1, 3 and 4 were all good but this one was kind of boring and not very funny. luckily they picked their act up after this one and made two more great scary movies.this film is about a group of teens who get tricked by their professor into going to a haunted mansion for a night. things start to go wrong and then they realize they have to escape.this movie isn't horrible but they could have improved quite a few things. it is a bit of fun and if you liked the other movies in the scary movie franchise then give this a watch - but i don't think you will like it nearly as much.

scary movie 2 is definitely the worst of the 4 films, for there is not much of a plot , bad acting, pretty tedious and some really cheesy jokes. but. and this is a big but, there is one good actor, one good recurring joke, and a good beginning. the good actor being tim curry, the one good recurring joke is the creepy,weird butler with the disgusting hand who always does cringey but laugh worthy things. and the good beginning is the spoof of the excorsist.the plot to scary movie 2 is the main characters from the original and a host of new characters along the way are invited to stay the night at a creepy old mansion, but will they survive the night? this film is not very good but if your bored you might as well watch it!

i *loved* the original scary movie. i'm a huge fan of parody- it is my favorite form of humor. it is sometimes regarded as the most intelligent form of humor. the wayans boys seemed to grasp that concept perfectly in the original film, then temporarily forgot it when making the sequel. i think the wayans' are a family of comical geniuses. alas, even geniuses make mistakes.the movie begins with promise. i liked "the exorcist" parody, especially the "come on out, ma" gag. now, that's wayans-quality material. but, other than that, i can only think of two other times i laughed: 1) when tori spelling is seduced in the middle of the night by a spirit, then becomes clingy and starts talking about marriage with him. meanwhile, he's saying, "it was just a booty call!!" that was kinda funny. 2) the "save the last dance" parody where the cindy character inadvertently beats up a girl while practicing her new moves. but even the short-lived giggles are no match for the side-splitting laughs of the first scary movie.the rest of the movie is pure trash, filled with cheap gross-out gags. jokes from the first movie which were subtle or implied are magnified and overdone. for example, in scary movie i, several innuendos are made to imply that the character ray is gay. this was hilarious. but, in scary movie ii, the whole penis-strangulation scene with ray under the bed was mind-numbing and incredibly unfunny. this is the pattern of the whole film. shock humor *alone* doesn't take a movie very far. this was a trend in 2000 and 2001, unfortunately. as much as it pains me to rate a wayans movie so low, i have to give this one a 2 out of 10.

keenan ivory wayans is probably one of the worst directors, i swear he has no real knowledge on how to make films. he has made one brilliant film and that is scary movie. scary movie 2 was ok too but everything else keenan has made are real disasters. avoid such titles like don't be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the hood..... i know, what a title !!! obviously this film too, just anything that has keenans name in the credits.it was an hour and a half on stupid nonsense that never made me laugh. just trust me on this, maybe women might like this film a little because of some of things that happen but on a whole this film will never be liked by anyone with a good taste in films........ 1/10.......j.d seaton

basically this is an overlong, unfunny, action/comedy. first of all i'd like to say that i did enjoy the wayans brother scary movie (1) and the sequel had it's moments. unfortunately white chicks doesn't even deliver half the laughs. the humour in it is absolutely crude. if you like burping, farting, stupid catchphrases you should probably look at this. when it isn't crude it's idiotic. the first 10 minutes of the film gave everything away to me, totally unfunny, simply idiotic. however i watched the whole thing since i was with a friend (otherwise i wouldn't have bothered). the story is undeniably thin, it was in scary movie too but there at least the laughs were quick and constant. i think this is probably one of the main problems too with this film, the laughs don't come quick enough. some jokes are dragged out too long when they're more disgusting than funny in the first place. if you prefer your comedy with a few brain cells then just avoid this. if you want a silly comedy with more laughs then look at scary movie, airplane, hotshots 1 + 2. 1/10 completely unfunny, thin storyline, a film that seems to be based on one idea (i.e. what if we dressed up as white chicks for a film?) but simply didn't have enough material.

i don't often go out of my way to write comments, but for this i had to, just to warn anyone that might think that by watching this they will see a comedy. this doesn't come close. while the premise (change in colour/gender/whatever) is bad enough (and has been done, better, many times before)the actual transformation of two black guys into two white girls is one of the least convincing transformations ever put on screen. it would be bad enough if all that was required by the script was a change to white chicks. however the wayans brothers are required to disguise themselves as two specific white women. as you will have guessed by now, they fail completely. i have seen drag queens without makeup make more convincing women than these two do with the best special effects and make-up people that hollywood can provide. its appalling. add to the mix a basketball player built like a building, terrible dialogue and more plot holes than a golf course and this film hits a new personal low. and i like bad movies! avoid like the plague.

white chicks hold on, why couldn't they have dressed as black chicks, oh yeah, they wouldn't look different at all. can anyone give me one wayans movie where they haven't dressed up as ladies? don't be a menace doesn't count, jack white and michael costanza ghost wrote that (the other norton trio members acted as directors).in white chicks, there's never really any jokes. it's just the wayans acting like girls for 2 hours. there's no setups, no punchlines and no laughs. there is a lot of "i think i'm gonna play some time crisis 3." at least for me there was (5 times to be exact).somebody has to tell kenan ivory, damon, marlon, shawn, damien (the only talented one), kim, rakeesha, george w., and osama bin wayans to stop making movies. its only hurting the o-zone layer.verdict 1/2* out of ****

i wanted so much to enjoy this movie. it moved very slowly and was just boring. if it had been on tv, it would have lasted 15 to 20 minutes, maybe. what happened to the story? a great cast and photographer were working on a faulty foundation. if this is loosely based on the life of the director, why didn't he get someone to see that the writing itself was "loose". then he directed it at a snail's pace which may have been the source of a few people nodding off during the movie. the music soars, but for a different film, not this one....for soap opera saga possibly. there were times when the dialogue was not understandable when armin meuller stahl was speaking. i was not alone, because i heard a few rumblings about who said what to whom. why can't hollywood make better movies? this one had the nugget of a great story, but was just poorly executed.

i enjoyed the movie very much, emotionally, intellectually, and visually. it contains no violence or sex or drugs or special effects, and doesn't need them one bit, holding my attention the entire time with the visuals, story, and interspersed words of wisdom.however: [1] some of the foreign language accents made the dialog difficult to hear & understand; [2] there is unnecessary overuse of swearing (especially the f-word, which is the only reason this movie was rated r). [3] the movie is balanced with humor and emotion, but most of the emotion that holds you throughout the film, except the final resolution last minutes, is unpleasant due to the exaggerated long-lasting dysfunctional reaction of some of the characters to loss, living in the depths of bitterness and depression for too long. [4] i will not recommend this movie because of 5-seconds of background narration, which did not add one bit to the side-character it applied to, or the film -- it only turned me off to the movie and stuck in my brain through the whole movie and afterward: the main character's mother of german ancestry, when watching old wwii movies, "secretly roots for the germans." there would be no "local color" or art if the nazi's won the war. i don't know of any germans today except radical skinheads who think the world would be a better place if the nazi's won wwii.

as gently as i can, i sincerely believe this movie is a waste of time. i did not find it the 'warm, emotionally satisfying' film others did. i found it boring, with music that distracted from the film. the story was thin, the characters overdrawn, and the direction pedestrian.fooey.now i'm going to write some more about this movie, so i make the 10 line minimum. there really isn't more to be said and brevity is important, but imdb has its minimums, so here goes.young eager kid finds nascent talent, seeks time with aging, embittered mentor in spite of father's cartoonish homophobia. aging, embittered mentor turns out to drink a lot and teach very little. conflict arises. while i don't think this is a spoiler, i've added the warning in case someone feels this much information is too much. mostly, i just found the film boring and pretentious. a waste of my time. i honestly don't understand what little fuss there seems to be, mostly on this web site, about the transcendent quality of this movie. i think it's really worth avoiding. but, as dennis miller used to say, "maybe i'm wrong."

this movie was a major disappointment on direction, intellectual niveau, plot and in the way it dealt with its subject, painting. it is a slow moving film set like an episode of wonder years, with appalling lack of depth though. it also fails to deliver its message in a convincing manner.the approach to the subject of painting is very elite, limited to vague and subjective terms as "beauty". according to the makers of this movie, 'beauty' can be only experienced in bob-ross-style kitschy landscape paintings. good art according to this film can be achieved by applying basic (like, primary school level) color theory and lots of sentiment. in parts the movie is offending, e.g. at a point it is stated (rather, celebrated by dancing on tables) that mentally handicapped people are not capable of having emotions or expressing them through painting, their works by definition being worthless 'bullshit' (quote).i do not understand how the movie could get such high rating, then again, so far not many people rated it, and they chose for only very high or very low grades.

although it got some favorable press after playing at the toronto intl. film festival, there were a number of reasons not to expect too much from this. one -- it's an ultra-low budget canadian film. two -- it's written, directed and starring the same person (usually a bad sign, unless it's woody allen, george clooney or one or two other respected filmmakers). but despite my watching it with lowered expectations, it still turned out to a far bigger disappointment than i thought possible.in a nutshell -- bad script, bad acting, terrible directing! don't waste your time or money on this turkey. it claims to be a comedy, but i only laughed twice. plus, there is awful music blaring throughout. how this got any attention i'll never know.

this movie has got to be one of the worst i have ever seen make it to dvd!!! the story line might have clicked if the film had more funding and writers that would have cut the nonsense and sickly scenes that i highly caution parents on.... but the story line is like a loose cannon. if there was such a thing as a drive thru movie maker-this one would have sprung from that.it reminded me a lot of the quickie films that were put out in the 1960's, poor script writing and filming. the only sensible characters in the whole movie was the bartender and beaver. the rest of the film, could have easily been made by middle school children. i give this film a rating of 1 as it is truly awful and left my entire family with a sense of being cheated. my advice-don't watch it!!!

phil the alien is one of those quirky films where the humour is based around the oddness of everything rather than actual punchlines.at first it was very odd and pretty funny but as the movie progressed i didn't find the jokes or oddness funny anymore.its a low budget film (thats never a problem in itself), there were some pretty interesting characters, but eventually i just lost interest.i imagine this film would appeal to a stoner who is currently partaking.for something similar but better try "brother from another planet"

i will be short...this film is an embarrassment to everyone except its cinematographer. the very fact that it is a critique of the sex tourism industry seems valid until we are "treated" to a lingering dance scene. the plot is ridiculous no one except the most ardent fan of bad horror will get anything out of it. and for the love of god please stop saying this film is a tale of innocence lost or even of female empowerment because it is quite clearly not (childish fumbling lesbians, what the hell?). this was by far the worst film at the edinburgh festival (that i saw anyway), someone even collapsed halfway through the film probably because they couldn't take any more of it. this may seem like an overly critical rant but i genuinely cannot find a redeeming feature of this film except for perhaps if you take it as pure comedy. in short this film is best watched on a cocktail of class a drugs.

i have come out of several years of lurking on these boards due to the sheer lack of intelligence that is communicated through the reviews that periodically appear on this film's imdb space. i saw this movie courtesy of subway cinema's new york asian film festival (which had an otherwise excellent selection of movies this year, see vital, snake of june, cha no aji, survive style)and have regretted every day that a scene from that movie disengorges itself from the back of my mind, and becomes a vivid memory.i'm sure that you can read a laudatory summary of the film off of subway cinema, which is probably why i made the mistake of dragging my friend to the film. the description built up the kind of horror film that i had longed for for a while, one that relies on sheer terror rather than cheap scares. p was in fact different. it relied on cheap laughs.the incredibly annoying announcer described this movie as "lesbians team up to fight monsters." completely untrue. there is a subplot built up in this film to make it seem like the relationship between the girl and pookie is actually going somewhere. more lies. this film seems like a short made for "are you afraid of the dark?" the story is ridiculous, and only succeeded in eliciting laughter and confusion from the audience after they finally rescinded their attempt to view this film with any semblance of seriousness and try to forget the $9 that they wasted at the door. i almost wish paul spurrier was in the audience so that i could laugh at him and ask him why he wasted 5 years in thailand to make a bad softcore horror-cum-porn that belongs on the spice channel, which only succeeded to get the actress excommunicated from her family, and caused a minor stir at the belgium film festival. the only stir that this caused was a gurgle in the lower intestine as it couldn't extract itself from the sh*te that it is. anyway, i hope i can dissaude anyone from making the grave mistake of seeing this film, it was truly one of my top 3 worst movie experiences, knocking out soulplane for the number 2.

made the unfortunate mistake of seeing this film in the edinburgh film festival. it was well shot from the outset, but that's the last positive comment i have about the film. the acting was awful, i wonder if actual gogo girls were hired? but it was the plot that was truly laughable, in fact that it was laughable and not boring is the only reason i gave this 3/10.** spoilers below **.i just want to mention a few of the scenes that really got the audience laughing:.shoving the girl in the field: who would have thought that a kid shoving another kid could be acted so badly. a real eye-opener.the getting on the bus scene: the girl is getting on the bus. but, according to the music, the world is ending.the rolling under the clothes line: wow, this one really demonstrates the plot writer's skills. in the room, followed by raw meat and skill selling. why not just get her to perform all three 'sins' at once? at least then the film might have been slightly shorter.the running down the stairs of the mall: watch as one of the girls takes to flight down the stairs pursued by a flesh eating dau, no wait .. she *is* just walking quickly trying not to break her nails.the running covered in blood: this is definitely my favourite scene, and a fitting end to the movie. a half marathon in red paint, completed by vaulting up stairs and over the bridge, only to be sent flying most unrealistically by a passing car. not only this, but this suicide is undertaken by the most self obsessed girl in the film, now that's sticking to character for you.i'd like to think that this film was created by a 16 year old and their mates. sadly, having met the director at the presentation, this is not the case.but, if you're in a sarcastic mood, and fancy a laugh with a few mates.. then still don't even think about it.

watching "kroko" i would have liked to leave the cinema very much for the first time in my life. i would not recommend to watch this movie: flat main characters - absolutely no development e.g. kroko the metaphoric german problem child remains a pure metaphor without any capability of positive involvement despite several plot-wise chances to do so. uninspired actors, non-evolving plot. i guess the movie attempted an environmental survey but did not succeed: camera appeared shaky rather than motivated. pictures were low - contrast, gray and dark - i am sure deliberately but the components did not add up to a convincing impression of the social milieu. the story had certain potential though, it could have made a good short story.

any person with fairly good knowledge of german cinema will surely tell that numerous films about a young girl having troubles with her mother as well as her boy friend have been made in the past.if such a film is shown to people again,it would surely click provided if it has something new,fresh and captivating for today's challenging audiences. this is also true for german film maker sylke enders as her film's principal protagonist kroko has been mistreated by everybody around her including her mother and boyfriend.she is bold enough to face any punishment as she has tried her hand at all kinds of criminal activities including shoplifting.kroko was originally shot on dv to be blown afterwards to 35 mm format.its technical virtuosity does not hamper our joys when we learn that kroko would like to become a policeman as she feels that she is averse to the idea of becoming a run of the mill hairdresser.if someone were to state a positive aspect of sylke enders' film,it may well be kroko's involvement with handicapped people as a result of a punishment.it is with kroko that we learn that punks are human too with their unique joys and sorrows.

don't understand how these animated movies keep coming out, and no matter how good (or bad) it is people love it.i saw this movie with my two kids (5,7). they like pretty much anything animated (like most people who rated this film). the theater was almost full, and i looked forward to seeing the movie with its superb cast. to tell the truth i was bored silly. it was unbelievably predictable and just plain unfunny. there were a couple chuckles throughout the film and that was it. of course they tried time and time again to get the cheap laugh, but just didn't work. my son almost always says to me that he wants the dvd after we see an animated movie, but not on this one. my daughter fell asleep half way through. also, the kids thought the character animation looked weird. i haven't heard that from them since seeing the polar express, which gave my daughter nightmares.trust me, i'm not the type who looks for the negative in everything. but quality is quality, and like so many animated movies they throw out there, it has very little.

from the creators of shrek………….. ok, that grabbed my attention.well the creators of shrek also made madagascar. madagascar was half as good as shrek.and now flushed away is half as good as madagascar.that means flushed away isn't good. the animation and all that special effects were extremely good but the movie wasn't.the story of this movie was only meant for kids. it's seriously not possible for adults to actually love this flick.but there were many jokes meant for adults. i bet kids dint understand the jokes.despite that i dint like this flick.i am completely disappointed. 4/10

so don't even think about renting this from the shops, because this is one hell of a bad movie. you'd think that jj abrahams had written this movie. basically, a rat is flushed down the toilet and somehow has to get back out. fans of the completely terrible "shrek" might enjoy, but "wallace & gromit" fans will probably turn away in disgust. also, why didn't they do it in plasticine or clay? i mean, cgi animation?? for an aardman movie??!! obviously, aardman lazed around while they let dreamworks do the whole thing. wrong, wrong, wrong!!! nearly every single character is awful, apart from that freaky frog guy, who is just right for a movie villain. but everything else about the movie is dull, dull, dull!!! i almost fell asleep with boredom watching this movie. no, wait, actually, i did fall asleep with boredom watching this movie. it's just terrible. but thankfully, it's not as bad as "shrek."

let's just say it in simple words so that even the makers of this film might have a chance to understand: this is a very dumb film with an even dumber script, lame animation, and a story that's about as original as thumbtacks. don't bother -- unless you need to find some way to entertain a group of mentally retarded adults or extremely slow children. they might laugh, especially if they're off their meds. there's a special kind of insult in a film this ridiculous -- not only do the filmmakers apparently think that children are brainless idiots who can be entertained with claptrap that cost approximately zero effort, but they don't even bother to break a sweat inserting a gag here and there that an adult might find amusing. this film, frankly, ticked me off royally. shame on you for stooping so low.

oh if only i could give this rubbish less than one star! there were two mildly amusing parts in the whole film and that is it! one was where a line or two from the song don't worry, be happy was sung by the slugs and the other was where roddy fell of the toilet roll and landed with his feet and legs apart so that everything else he landed on on the way down hit him in the groin. that is it there was nothing more amusing than that, at least not for me anyway! doctornappy2 is not right in saying 'fans of the completely terrible "shrek" might enjoy, but "wallace & gromit" fans will probably turn away in disgust.' as i loved shrek 1 2 and 3 and i also love wallace and gromit. you see what it boils down to is that if an animation is done extremely well then it is definitely worth watching, this however was about as far from done well as you can possibly get! the continuity mistakes were too big in number. some were pointed out by the makers of this site others were not. i won't point out all of the others, but here are a few more to see: when the young daughter leaves at the start of the film the catch to the cage door comes down and the hook part of it that is on the right clearly goes back around behind the round knob thus effectively making sure roddy would not be able to get out and yet he does just by simply kicking at it. at one point the ruby falls down roddy's back and gets pushed straight up into the the air by rita all the while the ship is moving forwards. in the next scene roddy has caught it again. this is impossible. seeing as how the ship is moving forwards the only place when the ruby was ejected out from under the back of roddy's shirt the only place it could have landed was in the water not in roddy's hand. there was a third one i wanted to point out but for now i have forgotten it.too many, for want of a better word, 'jokes' were repeated in one way or another, there was not enough time to establish any sort of connection with any of the characters, the characters were hollow, shallow and empty, and the whole film left you wanting....wanting to watch 85 minutes of anything else! paint drying or grass growing are two superb options!

ultimately too silly and pointless. yes there is the gilded cage metaphor but probably most kids would miss that. forgettable. instantly.animation is, as we have come to expect, super-real. the plot-line could best be described as thin but tenacious. although the ending seemed arbitrary to me.the sewer underworld is a suitably disgusting reflection of the world above and, somehow, wealth and money seem to count for a lot there too. oh yes, and there's a romantic interest with the female being the smarter, more savvy and go-getting of the pair - this in itself is rapidly becoming a tiresome (anti) stereotype. probably your kids will love it though.

can anybody do good cgi films besides pixar? i mean really, animation looked antiquated by 2006 standards and even by 1995 toy story standards. or maybe they spent all their budget on hugh jackman. whatever their reasoning, the story truly did suck.somehow, hugh jackman is a rat - a rat that is flushed down a toilet. yeah i know, seems stereotypical. but then the sewer mimicked the ways of london - to an extent. throw in a promise of jewels (????) and an evil(??) frog and you get a pathetic attempt at entertainment.i would like to say something entertained me. maybe the hookup in the movie? or maybe the happily-ever-after rat relationship. but nothing did. it had the talent, but it blew up. d-

if your idea of entertainment is watching graphic footage of people being run over by cars (you get to see a woman passing under the front wheel, being twisted as the car passes over her before she goes under the back wheel -- and they show it twice in case you missed it the first time) then this is the documentary for you. admitedly i didn't watch any more of this very disturbing piece of voyeurism, but that was enough for me. maybe the rest is even better.i wonder how long it's going to take for television networks to start showing slush movies. perhaps game shows based on self-mutilation might be nice.i already know that there are disturbed people in the world and that horrible things happen. i don't need to see the proof on the tv masquerading as entertainment.

"the cat's meow" contains a few scenes that boast intelligent dialogue, and some fine performances, a few of which surprised me. eddie izzard is more effective than i expected as chaplin (partly thanks to an excellent hair and makeup job by some talented designer); joanna lumley is compelling as novelist elinor glyn; and kirsten dunst is winning as marion davies (though why movies never use her real-life stutter is difficult to explain). but these elements don't add up to a successful whole. the screenwriter seems to have worked very hard on certain scenes--the meetings between davies and chaplin are particularly well crafted--but not so hard on the big picture. several minor characters don't need to be there, and don't behave consistently. the basic plot is full of illogic (e.g., why does thomas ince think it's a good idea to tell hearst something he really doesn't want to hear?), and the party scenes are repetitive and tiresome. i'd like to think a trip on hearst's yacht was more fun than the movie indicates. davies is characterized as a standard bubbly flapper type, which isn't really accurate, and the screenwriter's ideas about chaplin and love are implausible. strangely, bogdanovich, who seemed so connected to the thirties in "paper moon", lacks a similar affinity for the twenties. he insisted the excellent costume designer use only black and cream, which gives the party guests a very artificial look, and plays only the most stereotypical songs of the period (e.g., "yes, we have no bananas"). when hearst insists everybody "charleston, charleston!" it looks as if the actors had a ten-minute dance lesson just before the scene was shot. the lives of silent film stars can make fascinating movies, i'm sure, but not this time.

anything that might have been potentially interesting in this material is sunk in the first few seconds with a disclaimer that the events we're about to see can't ever be known and "this is the whisper [rumor] most often told" about one of hollywood's most sensational "mysteries."okay. so we're not getting anything new (and e!'s "mysteries & scandals" gives you a better foothold on the particular incident...and that's not much of an endorsement). what do we get?we learn that hollywood is a nest of viper's and decadents. no big news there. more interesting we learn what a washed up director is willing to do to regain his position of power in the entertainment industry and/or political establishment. it raises the question of whether peter bogdanovich is speaking from his own experience through these characters. but what's told is so cynical and ugly and muddled, we're left feeling guilty for witnessing a bunch of hooey that passes itself off as history.the tone of the film has a curious madcap quality that i found more irritating than fun. we're not empathetic with anyone. and the great "citizen kane" polishes off the relationship between davies and hearts in a much more convincing way. in "the cat's meow" we're not ever sure of davies motives for being with hearst. as soon as we're told one thing, she's off doing the other.and are we to believe that davies was the love of chaplain's life? or is he just trying to cockold one of america's most powerful--and apparently moronic--citizens. the film never makes it clear.what is convincing are the production values. there's a glorious recreation of the yacht and period costumes. i got more out of looking at the construction of some of the lapels on the men's jackets than following a story that libels many of the the most well-known personalities in hollywood history. no one will remember that the screenplay is pure fiction. the disclaimers that frame the film only make it all the more tentative and unsatisfying.the performers can't be faulted, although meg tilly goes way past parody here. kirsten dunst never disappoints. she gives the most sincere performance in a sea of scenery chewing. only joanna lumley rises above the material, but so much so that she seems to be distancing herself from the whole enterprise rather than narrating it. one of her first lines is, "i'm not here!" and i'm sure she wishes she wasn't.this isn't on par with bogdanovich's trashy, so-bad-it's-good "at long last love." it's perched on attempting something serious, but hesitates and stumbles chiefly because it's so full of bitterness towards "the beast" named hollywood. this is "national enquirer" filmmaking. and it not only soils the names of those who the film places on board the oneida that weekend, but the audience gets pretty dirty as well.

what happened to peter bogdanovich? once a brilliant director, a trail blazer... is now scraping the very bottom... is this the same man who directed "the last picture show"? here, he takes a somewhat interesting (albeit farfetched) premise, and turns it into bubble gum that loses flavor the moment you take the first bite... dunst is not bad, but izzard is miscast as chaplin, and all the other actors seem to have been cast for their "looks", and not because they were right for the part. too bad. i'll go rent "paper moon" again.

kirsten dunst is terribly overrated as an actress. you can tell always she's just "acting". i like izzard though. plot is awfully boring. the viewer has no real connections to the characters, never knowing who to really sympathize with, or even care about. slow, dull movie, with some laughs, but few and not very funny anyway. plot is not engaging or suspenseful in the least. you can see each plot turn coming a mile away. what is this movie supposed to be? comedy? drama? who cares? you won't by the end of this film.

just because an event really happened doesn't mean that it will make a good screenplay/ movie. the cat's meow, by peter bogdanovich claims to be based on actual events which happened on a cruise hosted by william randolph hurst. the writer paid more attention to creating a bizarre cast of characters than taking time to create a story for the bizarre characters to inhabit. the key moments of the story seem implausible; for example, when hurst accidentally shoots the producer, believing him to be chaplin. basing a key element of a story on someone wearing the wrong hat is trite and contrived. the story attempts to be a dark comedy, but the cat's meow misses an important piece of this equation, comedy. there is also a lack of empathy for any of the characters. it hardly matters who is shot, who is killed, who is guilty and who is innocent. there is not a strong character to cheer for. as a result the conflicts are difficult to care about and the eventual outcome is incidental.

anyone who is a sucker for 1920s jazz, 1920s dress, the charleston, and ultra-swanky yachts (e.g. me, on all counts) will want to like this movie. but the sad fact is that that's all there is. the plot is banal and obvious, the acting mostly either awful or playing to the farcical side of the goings-on, and when the whole thing's over there is not much left but the impression of mirrors and smoke. this is a beautifully made bad movie.

...is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire: scandal, sex, celebrity, power. kirsten dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star marion davies like she thinks she's in "legally blonde." the guy who plays william randolph hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him. eddie izzard is pretty good, except that he's playing charlie chaplin, and is about, oh, 125 lbs too heavy for the part? hard to believe this hamfisted, uneven wreck was directed by peter bogdanovich, but then again, he hasn't made a watchable movie in, what? 30 years? sometimes, there's just no coming back.

after seeing this film i complained to my local cinema about the quality of the sound-track or whether the cinema sound system may be faulty. for at least the first half of the film it is extremely difficult to understand what anyone is saying because of the background 20's music and the scratchiness of the sound-track. i was ready to blame the cinema equipment but not so - it was the director.i was told the subject of my complaint was an essential part of the making of the film. the music and the sound was supposed to be distorted to create a very disturbing effect within the film. these days, directors will go to many lengths to make their film unique. unfortunately, no matter where or how you see that film the sound score will be the same.so apart from the historical inaccuracies of this film (which you can find out for yourself elsewhere) the sound-track distortions are in themselves a good reason to give this film a miss. you will only hear the distorted scratchiness of the sound-track and certainly not a cat's meow.

i am appalled at how bad this film is. as a pastiche of early 20th century hollywood artistes it sets a new low - even past the moderns or (gasp) cradle will rock & i never thought i'd see a film worse than those 2. granted they were about a slightly different milieu & period. nevertheless the intents & results were distressingly similar.first off there's the horrible casting: eddie izzard as chaplin? excuse me? peter, did you owe this guy something? jennifer tilly as loulla parsons?? kirsten dunst as marion davies??? holy smoke, these people don't even begin to try to capture the look or sound of the period they are purportedly depicting.well, last picture show was a decent film, but this thing is a disaster & the rest of bogdonovitch's pics haven't been much better. guess rubbing up against welles & hitch & ford wore off a long time ago. still good for hosting tcm though.

what is supposed to be a simple generic mystery plot involving a dead philanthropist is, in fact, a head-ache inducing tale about a bunch of characters (the only big actor being ginger rogers, in a very early role) all trying to find the murderer among a small cast of residents in a posh apartment building. these characters range from utterly stupid to downright mean. as a cheap, low budget production, most of the action revolves around rogers and her lead man (some guy, i don't care who he is 'cause he really sucked) talking about their various possibilities of solving the crime, while being constantly cut off by an absurd detective with his head in his butt. honestly, i've never had a worse time watching an old b-rate movie of this type, and i've seen some real head-slappers.oh, and the butler didn't do it, because there wasn't a butler. but pay attention to the guy who's closest to a butler. there ya go.--polarisdib

a very young ginger rogers trades quick quips and one liners with rival newspaper reporter lyle talbot in this 1933 murder mystery from poverty row film maker allied productions. the movie opens with a wealthy businessman taking a header from the roof garden of a high rise apartment house, or was it from a lover's apartment? rogers actually has two identities at the film's outset, that of miss terry, the dead victim's secretary, along with her newspaper byline of pat morgan. mistakenly phoning her story directly to ted rand (talbot) instead of her paper's rewrite desk, she gets fired for her efforts when her boss learns he's been out scooped.here's a puzzle - it's revealed during police inspector russell's (purnell pratt) investigation of harker's death that terry/morgan had been employed as his secretary for three weeks. why exactly was that? after the fact it would make sense that she was there for a newspaper story, but before? clues are dropped regarding harker's association with a known mobster conveniently living in the same apartment building, but again, that association isn't relevant until it's all linked up to janitor peterson (harvey clark). and who's making up all the calling cards with the serpent effecting a hsss, with the words "you will hear it" cut and pasted beneath? apparently, the hissing sound of a snake was the sound made by the apartment house's radiator system, which peterson used to transmit a poisonous gas into the rooms of potential victims, such as mrs. coby in the apartment below harker. but in answer to a question posed to inspector russell about mrs. coby's death, he replied "apparently" to the cause of strangulation.it's these rather conflicting plot points that made the movie somewhat unsatisfying for me. the revelation of janitor peterson as the bad guy of this piece comes under somewhat gruesome circumstances as we see him stuff the unconscious body of miss morgan in the building's incinerator furnace! however, and score another point against continuity, we see miss morgan in a huge basement room as peterson ignites the furnace; she made her getaway, but how? and still pretty as a picture. and who gets to make the collar off screen if none other than milquetoast police assistant wilfred (arthur hoyt), who in an opening scene fell over his own feet entering a room.sorry, but for all those reviewers who found "a shriek in the night" to be a satisfying whodunit, i feel that any charlie chan film of the same era is a veritable "the usual suspects" by comparison. if you need a reason to see the film, it would be ginger rogers, but be advised, she doesn't dance.

"rival reporters pat morgan (ginger rogers) and ted rand (lyle talbot) are always trying to out-scoop each other on stories. the latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment. the two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.this said-to-be follow-up to "the thirteenth guest" has little to do with the earlier movie; it is not a sequel, as has been inferred. ms. rogers continues to develop her skills. mr. talbot adds a little humor to his characterization. they are a pleasant team, the plot is interesting and mysterious; but, the resulting film is very dull. the opening and closing are startling. a long-winded wrap-up of plot development points follows the climax.*** a shriek in the night (1933) albert ray ~ ginger rogers, lyle talbot, harvey clark

this was a disappointment - none of the nuance of the original. the brits just seem to be able to make a truly unsettling film with none of the over-the-top histrionics of the american version. the original series combined both creepy stories and subtlety of performance with great attention to lighting and settings. i have watched the series many times and am still enthralled.just another poor adaptation along the lines of the dreadful adaptation of "cracker". get hooked up with bbc america or bbc canada and watch for such delights as waking the dead, spooks, silent witness, and judge john deed. watch the original touching evil, then look for "wire in the blood" for more of the truly understated, elegant performance of robson green. hollywood needs to have a look at this actor!

this movie was supposed to have depicted a 'ladie's man' bachelor who was ready and willing to settle down once and for all. however, i did not care for his mission to settle down, because i didn't care for his character. i don't understand what all of these beautiful women saw in him. he had absolutely no class, or charisma. he should've at least had a way about himself that made ladies weak in the knees other than his saxophone playing, but to no avail. just because he is a musician does not make him sexy. not to mention, the things he did to get the attention of a married woman he fell in love in a span of five minutes of knowing her were absolutely outrageous and ridiculous. does this man have any shame what-so-ever? had he tidied up, and stopped doing and saying stupid things he would have been more attractive as a character, but alas, his character was bland and boring.gina gershon's character was unnecessarily british. she could've just as easily been an uptight out-of-towner with her regular speaking voice than do a poor british accent that sometimes would fade through out the movie.the only two characters i cared for were the fish and frog. now those two had chemistry! academy nominations for both… stat! plot holes, lack of character development, horrible acting, unnecessary drama, cliché moments... what a mess of a movie.

a police officer (robert forster) in a crime ridden city has his wife attacked and young son killed after she dares to stand up to a thug at a petrol station. after the murderers get off scot-free thanks to a corrupt judge and he himself is jailed for 30 days for contempt of court, he decides to take matters into his own hands by joining a group of vigilantes led by a grizzled looking fred williamson. these robin hood types sort out any criminal that the law is unwilling to prosecute, and with their help he attempts to track down those that wronged him..this film is nothing but a big bag o'clichés. the only thing out of the ordinary is the on-screen slaying of a two year old boy, which was pretty sick. otherwise it's business as usual for this genre e.g involves lots of car chases, beatings and shootings mixed in with plenty of male posturing. i could have done without the prison fight in the shower involving all those bare-a**ed inmates, though. also, did they run out of money before filming the last scenes? i mention this because it ends very abruptly with little closure. if anyone knows, give me a bell.. actually, don't bother.to conclude: file under "forgettable nonsense". next..

robert forster, normally a very strong character actor, is lost at sea here cast as a new york family man seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his son and attacked his wife in a home invasion. scary subject matter exploited for cheapjack thrills in the "death wish" vein. it isn't difficult to scoff at these smarmy proceedings: the dialogue is full of howlers, the crime statistics are irrevocably dated, and the supporting characters are ridiculously over-written (particularly a despicable judge who allows an accused murderer to walk right out of the courtroom). low-rent production is contemptible in its self-righteousness, especially as the violence in our cities has only increased. * from ****

how wonderful. yet another movie about america by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times, a day a piece, and believes himself to be an "expert" on the country. sheesh. i should take a trip to germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about germany as the "land of nazis" or some such. wim il boy, you should get together with lars von trier and make the ultimate movie about the americans. of course we all know it takes a pretentious left-leaning "we are the world" european to make a "real" movie about america.yeah, right. for a continent that started not one but two world wars, europe sure has a lot of opinions about america's wrong "foreign policy".p.s. don't worry, wim il boy, there's plenty of uc-berkeley americans that'll just love your movie. of course, these are the same people who thinks george w. bush is worst than hitler, and that a painting of a can of soup is "sheer genius"!!

"land of plenty" is not a film. it is a tombstone for the directorial career of german director wim wenders.many felt it in "the million dollar hotel" and now "land of plenty" makes it perfectly clear; not only has wenders lost it, he's actually turned into a bad director, creating horribly weak and superficial stories and scenes.one might argue that the "time you lose it" comes for every director, but wenders' case is extreme. it's as if he completely forget everything he knew about cinema and started all over again - only to get sloppish results.in a few words, this film does not deserve your time.

shiri appleby is the cutest little embodiment of evil turned good girl demon-kicking buffy clone, elle. but i'm getting ahead of myself, you see lilith was the first woman made by god as a companion to adam. but she got all uppity evil feminist so god banished her from eden. a clandestine order known as the fath captures her but doesn't kill her, so now with amnesia (which is not really explained that well) lilith (now elle) is free to become the aforementioned buffy-clone who has to battle with a mad scientist who got an injection of lilith's blood. if the previous paragraph sounded hideously convoluted, that's because it is. the movie is also dull, generic, and for a film with a plot steeped in theology it doesn't seem to know a lick about it. this bargain basement lousy-cgied movie was apparently a failed series pilot. all i can say to the fact that it didn't get picked up is a resounding amen.my grade: d-dvd extras: commentary by writer/director bill platt and co-writer chris regina; and stills gallery; video effects samples: before & after (it also has an "also available" selection that you would think would lead you to some trailers, but nope on dvd covers for other films, which is a stupid idea)dvd-rom extras: final shooting script and deleted scenes transcript both in pdf format

this obvious pilot for an unproduced tv series features young canadian actress shiri appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible powers that must be put to use when a man-turned-flying demon is let loose on the world. the cgi is par for a tv job, and appleby is ok as an amnesiac but hard to swallow as a superheroine. familiar tv face richard burgi is along for the ride as appleby's mentor, but he can do nothing to elevate this dreck above the mediocre level. we see way too much of the cartoonish flying demon right from the start, a bad sign. also, the scenes where burgi is training appleby for battle are actually laughable. they are a bad copy of similar scenes in several other movies, most notably remo williams.

yuck. i thought it odd that their ancient book on curses was made using a common script font instead of hand written. the acting is so apathetic at times and so over-dramatic at other times. why would a "demonico" kill the two suspiciously quiet doctors who helped make him immortal? just for the heck of it? and is it really necessary to show lilith's motorcycle whenever she's out somewhere. we get it! you spent a little bit of money to rent some third rate crotch rocket. it doesn't mean you have to show it all the time! the "faith's" lair looks like an old school battlestar galactica set with some last minute changes. there is a scene where we are introduced to a few people on a talk show for about 30 seconds before they are killed without apparent reason and without importance. everyone is a throwaway character. forgettable characters and an even more forgettable plot make this one of the most ill-conceived movies i've seen the scifi channel come out with. stay away unless you're into bad movies.

genghis cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining british movie about a german police commissioner in the late 1950's who is haunted by the ghost of a jewish comedian that he killed 15 years earlier while serving under hitler in the ss. the ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a jew to atone for the murders he committed.otto, the german policeman actually knows this ghost's name because, the last thing he did before he died was said, in yiddish, `kiss my ass'. the policeman didn't speak yiddish, so he asked around until he found the meaning. the `kiss my ass' left such an impression that everybody involved with that killing learned and remembered the comedian's name, genghis cohn.there are a bunch of men who are murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner, and there are no helpful clues. the men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher. the butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich, so the commissioner is a suspect. the first man is killed while making love to the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. but the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed every man that slept with his wife. all the men are killed immediately after the climax of lovemaking.i think i might be a bit angrier than the ghost of genghis cohn if i was killed like he was. he seems to be very good-natured about it, as if he was just in a mild car accident. i can only guess that it is because it is a british movie and they are known for being a very polite people. he uses some of his material from his stand-up routing, and i just didn't find it very funny.i gave this movie a 4 because it was just kind of goofy. i thought it should have been a little more serious than it was. the movie turns out to be a murder mystery (where did this come from?), and it seemed that genghis should have been more helpful than he was. the movie gave me a tiny look into jewish culture, but was only skin-deep. do all jews love liver and onion sandwiches? do they all say `shtoop' and `meshuganah' in their daily vocabulary? isn't there more important stuff that we should know about the culture?i saw this movie at a jewish community center in berkeley, ca, and i was the only person in the room whose hair was not fully gray or white. (i have no gray or white hair.) there were 18 of us, and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. there were 2 main concerns expressed there: 1. the movie was way too light-hearted and future generations might not understand the gravity of what happened and 2. as the holocaust survivors are dying off, future generations will not know what really happened. i thought that this second concern was ridiculous and i told them i thought they didn't need to worry because there is tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies, like myself. the murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will not ever be forgotten. i write this last paragraph because they charged me with telling others about my experience that day.

this seemed to be a good movie, i thought it would be a good movie, and throughout the movie i was hoping it would be a meaningful use of my time, and yes, i have to admit that the acting talent of dimple kapadia and deepti naval where truly commendable, but despite the best effort this movie falls short of effectively conveying a meaningful message, which it seems is it seemed was what somnath sen is trying to do. the final point comes short and the ending seemed kind of unsatisfactory after all that happens; a bit like real life in that respect but movies unlike real life ends in about 2hrs and the ending should leave the audience satisfied, if indeed that was the director's intention. this falls short in that respect and that is what disappoints me the most.another aspect that concerned me was the national stereo-typing of the american characters - they all seem to be carved out of the same block. seems to me that most american characters in indian english movies are based upon how common indians themselves perceive americans to be like and it is clear that no effort has been made to bring any sense of depth or complexity to any american in the movie.these two aspects put together they make for a disappointing story.

this has got to be one of those films where the trailer is 50 times better than the movie itself.i first saw the trailer in 1991, it looked great.since then i have always wanted to see it but could never find it.....until today, yes, 14 years later.lets just say i was so disappointed its unreal, ok i knew it wouldn't be an oscar winner but still had hopes that it would be a fun no-brain film in the bloodsport mold. unfortunately it was not, it's poohwhats with all the american rock and roll music and the acting was so bad it was quite frightening.the fight scenes were rubbish and look fake.this dvd only cost me £5 and i believe i was overcharged by £7now i'm sad as i know that i will never get that hour and a half back.

oscar wilde's comedy of manners, perhaps the wittiest play ever written, is all but wrecked at the hands of a second-rate cast. sanders is, as one would expect, casually, indolently brilliant in the role of lord darlington, but the rest of the cast makes the entire procedure a waste of time. jean crain attempts a stage accent in alternate sentences and the other members of the cast seem to believe this is a melodrama and not a comedy; indeed, the entire production has bookends that reduce it to tragedy -- doubtless the hays office insisted. preminger's direction seems to lie mostly in making sure that there are plenty of servants about and even the music seems banal. stick with the visually perfect silent farce as directed by lubitsch or even the 2004 screen version with helen hunt as mrs. erlynne; or try reading the play for the pleasure of the words. but skip this version.

i can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face. see, 19 words, however, i didn't completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that julie bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the dvd right out from the machine and blowing it up with an m80. my advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice.

some illegal so-called asylum seeker comes to stuttgart and finds that germans are "racist." this is just another already-forgotten steaming nugget in a long list of post-wwii anti-german propaganda films, aimed to make germans feel "bad" for not welcoming each and every degenerate in their country so he can chase german blonds and sell drugs to german teenagers.if you're looking for good german films in general, see "der tunnel," "der untergang," "europa europa," and "lola rennt."but not this.also, "das experiment," with the same male actor from "lola rennt."

an illegal immigrant resists the social support system causing dire consequences for many. well filmed and acted even though the story is a bit forced, yet the slow pacing really sets off the conclusion. the feeling of being lost in the big city is effectively conveyed. the little person lost in the big society is something to which we can all relate, but i cannot endorse going out of your way to see this movie.

run...do not walk away from this movie!!!!! aimed at the very young kids, this movie will bore you to tears. if the gamera trilogy of the 90's raised the bar, this film just lowered it. it's slow paced and the monster fighting is good, but seldom seen. this movie had me dry heaving in the cat box. just a very poor offering after a phenomenal 90's series.spoilers beyond this point!!!!!!!!!!! here are the top 10 reasons gamera fans of the 90's series will hate this film.10. this movie is a drama that follows a kid trying to cope with the death of his mother and fears losing baby gamera to a fight after knowing his father saw the adult gamera die.9. you see the adult gamera for maybe a minute at the beginning of the film. he gets his butt kicked by a few gyaos and self destructs??? he looks old and lethargic. plus he looks nothing like any gamera you've ever seen. his suit looked cheap and rushed.8. the young gamera you see through the rest of the film looks like a pokemon. big-eyed and cute...it will remind you of the baby godzilla from godzilla vs mechagodzilla 2. gamera is now too cute.7. this movie has the pace of watching a nascar race during a 3 hour rain delay. i watched this movie with 2 other gamera fans and nobody was happy with how slowly this film moved along. i've seen an suv full of fat people going up a mountain road move faster.6. like godzilla:final wars, this movie had very little kaiju time on screen. final wars had much more, actually, and better fights although short.5. kids take the title role. the friend of all children theme and poor writing killed the original gamera series in the 1970's and history repeats itself in the 2000's. the most successful gamera films abandoned the sesame street feel and went to a darker place. why go back to a failed formula? this was to be a new trilogy and poor ticket sales killed any hope for this story to continue (thank god).4. gamera lost his iconic roar. he now sounds like an elephant with strep throat.3. this movie may produce a new olympic event.....imagine a relay race that involves sending very young children into harm's way. you have to see the ending to understand this point. where were the parents? oh yea..right there sending their kids into a kaiju battle zone.2. the special effects were good, but sub-par for a gamera movie. legion and iris had better effects. the best effect was showing the apple sized baby gamera fly. not too impressive.1. this movie is just not what adult kaiju fans come to expect. the director was involved in power rangers and it shows. it comes off like a cross between et, always: sunset on third street and tmnt. kudos if you know all 3 references.rental at best or watch once if you buy it to complete the dvd series.

this is a very odd film ... i wasn't really sure what is was about, some n london lowlifes find a mute kid in the woods that they all believe is some kind of oracle and somehow makes them all, in their own way, change something about their lives that usually ends in disaster. the film ended after about 90 minutes leaving me feeling quite unsatisfied, almost annoyed at the pointlessness of it all. i didn't care about any of the characters - none of them get a chance to endear themselves to the viewer.what was the message? am i being dim? it was just too odd. what happens to runner? why does emilio shoot the kid? ... that made absolutely no sense, pointless. can someone help me understand this mess of a film?

i am rarely moved to make these kind of comments but after sitting through most of rankin's dreadful movie i feel like i have really earned the right to say what i feel about it! i couldn't actually make it right to the end, and became one of the half dozen or more walk outs (about 1/3rd of the audience) after the ragged plot, woeful dialogue and insulting characterisation became just too much to bear. this film is all pose and no art. all style and no substance. it is weighed down by dreadful acting, a genuinely dire script, indifferent cinematography and student-level production values. how it got funded, started, and finished is a mystery to me. i bet you a million quid it never goes on general release. the proper critics would tear it apart. a really bad film. shockingly bad. a really really really poor effort and that is without even mentioning the gratuitous new-born-kitten-gets-dropped-into-a-deep-fat-fryer moment. totally meaningless, utterly lightweight, poorly put together; this movie is a dreadful embarrassment for uk cinema.

without question, the worst film i've seen for a long while. i endured to the end because surely there must be something here, but no. the plot, when not dealing in clichés, rambles to the point of non-existence; dialogue that is supposed to be street is simply hackneyed; characters never develop beyond sketches; set-pieces are clichéd. worse, considering its co-director, the photography is only so-so.comments elsewhere that elevate this alongside get carter, long good friday or kaspar hauser are way way off the mark; lives of the saints lacks their innovation let alone their depth and shading. in short, their craft. a ruthless editor could probably trim it down to a decent 30-minute short, but as it stands it's a 6th form film project realised on a million-pound scale; rambling and bloated with its own pretensions. that it received funding (surely only because of rankin's name) while other small films struggle for cash is depressing for the british film industry.

the lives of the saints starts off with an atmospheric vision of london as a bustling city of busy, quaint streets and sunshine. i was hoping it would maintain this atmosphere, but it gets bogged down in a story that goes pretty much nowhere.othello works for big, fat mr. karva, his crime-boss step-dad (at least i think that is what he is supposed to be because it's never really defined, but he does drop kittens into deep fat friers, so trust me, he's a prick) doing scrappy little errands while his skanky girlfriend gives daddy hand-jobs. one of his colleagues is runner, a black dude who is always dashing from a to b. until the day he comes across almost mute homeless child who grants him his wish of being able to stop running. runner dumps the lost boy in othello's flat, where he promptly starts granting more wishes. keen to have some of his own desires fulfilled, karva has the boy kidnapped. but he isn't sure of what would really bring him happiness. is it the innocence of being a child again or is it another hand-job? either way, i don't want to see the little boy grant him the second.it just takes ages to get going and there are loads of repetitive scenes. the ending tries to be shocking but since there's hardly any back-story on investment in any of these characters it only serves as a release for the bored audience.writer tony grisoni, a favourite of terry gilliam, tries to blend in some kind of religious allegory which ends up being pretentious as all hell, ironically. if he gave us something more accessible or at least had better explanations for the characters suddenly acting all weird then it would have been a more enjoyable film. as it is, we are introduced to a bunch of annoying loudmouths who then miraculously seem to develop intelligence when confronted by the mysterious boy. who's origins are never revealed. that's just plain irritating! aside from sporadic moments of atmosphere and a moody score, this film has little to recommend.

i had watched "the eye" before i watched this one. i really liked "the eye", it was one of the best movies of the recent asian horror-cinema. so, i picked this "bangkok haunted" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. but man, what a disappointment... "bangkok haunted" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are no scary at all, not even disturbing (as "the eye" was)... no nothing. i can't even fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% boring.*my rate: 2/10

times are tough for angel town, gangs rule with an iron fist and for reasons mostly unknown (mainly due to embarrassing writing) the gangs want a street kid, martine to join the gangs, so they beat him up everyday. however due to the presence of an olympic kick-boxer (olivier "world's lamest actor" gruner) named jacques, hope is on the way. angel town is seriously one of the most inept message movies ever made (and i've seen my share) it seems to consist of the idea that all gang infested neighborhoods need, are french kick-boxers who can't act. worst of all there are so many awkward moments it's just truly hilarious. best of all comes from the exchange between gruner and aragon which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is. to wit: "you like the fighting? (olivier grabs his asian best friend in a headlock) i could kill him right? when i want him dead he dies! the reason why i don't want him dead is because i'm afraid of him, and i know that if i kill him his son and wife will kill me, that's why he doesn't die!" of course the fact that it's wrong to kill someone, let alone your best friend is of course left out of the equation. odd.however don't let me make this sound that i hated this movie, far from it, it's so terrible it's priceless. the biggest laughs come at the end in the disastrous finale which sees grunner going one on one with gang-members who (the film's biggest logic gap)decline the use of pistols. also a handicapped vietnam vet helps out by shooting his machine gun at the gangs, while gruner kick-boxes the rest. all of this set to the sound of horrible "mexican" accents and surreal energy that make this one memorable for fans of cinematic trash such as this.the other treat about this movie, is that for some reason olivier gruner never attends college despite that's the main reason he's here in the states and not in france getting it on with his girlfriend (in a graveyard in the film's awkward beginning) angel town is without a doubt a failure on all conceivable levels but if you laugh at moronic martial arts movies with insane levels of action that make no sense on any level, this is the perfect movie for you. on the other hand make sure to down tequila, like the laughable opening song details "ain't no mercy in angel town" * out of 4-(bad)

olivier gruner stars as jacques a foreign exchange college student who takes on and single handedly wipes out a mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film which is so horrible that it's laughable. bad acting, bad plot and bad fight choreography make angel town a turkey.

oliver gruner is totally unknown to me. my friend showed me this film because he had seen gruner in, what he called a pretty good sci-fi film, nemesis. so as we watched this, we found ourselves fastforwarding through the bs drama parts just to get to the unbelievable action sequences. gruner loves to kick and kick and kick. and kick! hahagruner character is a graduate student who is forced to stay in a ghetto close to the one that he grew up in. he finds himself watching after the boy who lives with him because he really wants to join in the mexican gang that keeps tormenting his family. instead of joining up, gruner tells the boy to fight back (against a gang? too crazy). gruner plays a typical van damme character who kills everyone (or maims them pretty bad) and works to rid his block of these gangmembers.the plot was very cheesy and easy to think of. gruner is probably not very well known because of his script-choosing if this movie is anything to compare possible choices to. this ghetto is pure hell and i enjoyed seeing the motley crew of characters go through it as if they have a chance against gruner's character. the music was typical action music (thumping pianos and timpani, swelling guitars) which actually wasn't as bad as i make it sound. the director really needed to keep the action going instead of taking a break every 5 minutes for a tense family moment.ultimately, i gave it a 4/10 because it really tried to be an average action film for oliver gruner to star in, but the overall feel of the film leaves you wanting more closure on what you just saw.

my kid makes better videos than this! i feel ripped off of the $4.00 spent renting this thing! there is no date on the video case, apparently designed by wellspring; and, what's even worse, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie! the only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.this movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that i'm amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video. it might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture; but when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. if you do make the mistake of renting it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, fassbinder and fengler. regardless of your state of mind while watching it, i can tell you that it doesn't get any better after the first scene; so, knowing that, i'm sure you'll be fast asleep long before the end.

i sat through almost one episode of this series and just couldn't take anymore. it felt as though i'd watched dozens of episodes already, and then it hit me.....there's nothing new here! i've heard that joke on seinfeld, i saw someone fall like that on friends, an episode of happy days had almost the same storyline, ect. none of the actors are interesting here either! some were good on other shows (not here), and others are new to a profession they should have never entered. avoid this stinker!

billy chung siu hung's (the bloody swordplay film assassin from 1993) film love to kill (hong kong, 1993) is among the strongest products of the category iii boom that inhabited the hk cinema in early nineties. it consisted of films with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less gratuitous and shock valued only. love to kill definitely belongs to the "more" category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid sickness.the hk psycho anthony wong (from the award winning the untold story by herman yau, from the same year) plays a business man and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (elizabeth lee mei fung) who for some reason doesn't leave him and save herself and their little son from the disturbed tormentor. a policeman (danny lee, the famous police character actor from films like dr. lamb (1992) by billy tang (and co-directed by lee) and the killer (1989) by john woo to name just a few) however sees the problem and starts to protect the wife and the son but anthony naturally doesn't like this at all, and leads it all into the typical ultra-mean spirited and graphic finale during a rain storm.the film is almost completely without any serious merits as it's just a piece of exploitation in order to cash in when these kind of films were so popular. the imagery and happenings are something never found in the western cinema, at least in mainstream, and it all becomes even more mind-blowing when some/most taboos for westerners, like violence and perversions witnessed by a child, are broken in these films so often that reading the plotlines alone would make most viewers feel sick, and that goes perfectly especially for this film too.the film still has a rather interesting and creepy soundtrack in the tradition of the mentioned dr. lamb which practically started the whole boom in 1992. usually the music and soundtrack in hk films is interesting and adds to the imagery, especially in these terror films. also the cinematography is worth mentioning as the film bathes, especially in the finale, in blue colors and camera lenses (as does assassin, too), and the raging storm is captured nicely on the camera. otherwise there's nothing that would rate the film any higher other than on the nastiness-meter.the actors and actresses are talented and professional and so don't make the film any worse with their acting. still the film has the usual hk humor in it which makes the sick goings-on even sicker as some "humor" is thrown into the soup. that includes some jokes about danny lee's erection and so on..something that could never be found in the western "serious" films either. and that thing usually destroys mane otherwise noteworthy hk films as the humor is just so obvious way and attempt to entertain the audience and masses.the film has a very high outrageousness level as it has numerous scenes depicting the abuse of wong's wife in various ways. she gets raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. we also get to see some flashbacks from wong's own childhood which turns out to be equally violent as his own father killed too and turned his young son into what he is now. these flashback scenes, mostly at the end of the film, include also some totally unexpected experiences as the imagery is speeded up (for example the hits of an axe) and that creates completely insane and mean spirited atmosphere to the scene. again something that only hk exploitation makers seem to be able to come up with. the ending itself includes plenty of sudden and shocking gore as the madman wields his axe and meets also some nails, for example, on his furious way.the film is also genuinely pretty "suspicious" in my opinion as the violence and terror is realistically painful and deals with things that should never be taken as entertainment, mostly i mean rape. the version i saw (i've seen two versions) includes a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that just tries to be as sadistic as possible. i'm not sure does the hk audience really like imagery like this but i think no one with some sense for morality in films/entertainment would never accept or make something like it. women get brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and low ways so that the fates of the men seem almost tame when compared to the females.the other version i saw, the newly released dvd in hk (without subtitles) has this "table brutality" scene in a much longer form than the subtitled taiwanese dvd which is otherwise identical to the hk version. i've also heard that the old hk laserdisc is different from these two and since the end credits are filled with scenes and images not found in the actual film, it is impossible to say how "uncut" versions these that have been released or shown theatrically are. obviously plenty of footage has been cut out, possibly even before the theatrical release.the film is written by law gam fai and lau wing kin, the former having written also films like dr. lamb, the untold story and gunmen (kirk wong, 1988) but out of his other films that i've seen, love to kill is the most gratuitous. dr. lamb and the untold story both are very brutal and violent but have also some attempt to some criticism towards the authorities and men in general as how it is easy to turn into a beast when chasing or fighting one. the harrowing torture imagery of the untold story, the victim being the criminal, is very strong and definitely has its impact to change something that may be rotten in the society and among the police for example. but there's none of this in love to kill, it is just honest, calculated and fastly made exploitation which is, by the way, produced by a veteran director kirk "organized crime & triad bureau (1993), crime story (1993)" wong!love to kill earns no more than 2/10 from me as i don't have too high appreciation on films like this. (hk) cinema is meant to be and can be more and films like love to kill are only commercial parasites living among the real pieces of the art.

this movie is really wack. there is really nothing nice i can say about it, besides the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. besides all that, the film had nothing: no good shots, no good acting, and no good script. i give this film a f and a 2 out 10.

superhero movies pretty much always suck, and this is no exception. its only redeeming quality is the fact the movie could have been even worse. i would put 'batman & robin' and 'steel' above this movie, so yes it is that bad...if your looking for a black superhero, check out 'blankman' its not a "serious" superhero movie but at least its entertaining.

the movie began well enough. it had a fellow get hit by a glowing green meteorite, getting superpowers (telekinesis, x-ray vision, invulnerability, flight, the ability to speak to dogs, superspeed, heat vision, and the ability to make plants grow large and quickly), and fighting crime. from there on it's all downhill.meteor man gets a costume from his mom, fights with the resident gangs, and has many aborted encounters with the gang leaders which serves to set you up for the disappointing, overlong, and stupefying ending.it wouldn't be so remarkably bad if it weren't like watching a boxing match where the two fighters pretend to hit each other while the audience stands looking onward while the fighters just continue to dance.despite all of this nonsense the movie has good points. it states clearly that if you try to take on a gang alone then they'll come back to your home and hurt you. it states that gangs & communities need to see their real enemies (the big bosses that use them for their own ends to crush honest people into a ghetto existence). it also states that people do not need superheroes if they are willing to work as a community do destroy the predators that harm them. the only message it really lacks is that the voters should ensure their elected officials (rudolph giuliani, marion barry, ronald reagan, george w. bush, & george h.w. bush) aren't crooks too.

let me tell you something about this movie. i have seen it twice. the first time i was a kid and the movie was quite entertaining to me. i really liked it. i thought it was funny and interesting and the main character was kind of cool.i saw it again a few days ago. it was horrible. really. i don't know why i thought it was funny before but now... i didn't laugh at all. there was nothing even slightly entertaining. it was just dumb. the story was weak. the acting was nothing special. there are great actors in this movie but still the acting is mediocre at best.what is the worst is the fact that this movie is racist. really. don't get me wrong, usually i don't complain about racism in movies. however i have seen people complaining about the lack of black men in movies like 'the shaolin temple' or about the fact that the only black man in 'the street fighter' is one of the bad guys or... whatever, you get the point. there are people seeing racism everywhere. i wonder how would they react to a movie like 'the meteor man'. why? i will tell you why. there are no asians in this movie. there are no white people among the good guys. in fact there is only one white guy in the entire movie and he is the leader of the bad guys. all the good guys are african americans. don't get me wrong, i don't care is the good guy is black or white or yellow or pink or green... what i do care about is the fact that we can barely see a white person in this movie. this is the only movie like that that i have ever seen. it is just not realistic. if there is only one black man in a japanese movie which is the case with 'the street fighter' there is no problem - in japan most of the people are asians. but if there is only one white man in an american movie there is some sort of problem - in usa most of the people are white. it is like filming a japanese movie with entirely white cast and only one asian as a bad guy. just not real.that is it. i am giving the movie the rate of 4/10. it would be 1/10 if i hadn't have fun with it as a kid.

well, i'd be lying if i said that this could easily rival spiderman or the batman movies. still, it was more appealing to me for it's moral value. i first bought the vhs when my son was about 2 years old and it immediately became his favorite. my wife and i are avid supporters of robert townsend and have been since he used credit cards to finance his first movie, "hollywood shuffle". true, he needs to take advantage of the talents and knowledge of technical advisors to make the films more believable, but his movies are still fun.meteor man provides a hero with an urban contemporary feel. i always felt that, if there were superheroes, they wouldn't provide the same scenarios as depicted in the comics. meteor man is realistic hero with real problems: car broken into, bad neighborhood, local drug-dealing gangs using children for distribution, etc. the scope of his mission stayed pretty much within the community.what i found to be truly entertaining, outside of james earl jones' "young forever" performance, was how the neighborhood responded to his newly discovered powers. it wasn't long before they had a full agenda lined up for him, without his input, of course. it was hilarious to hear them offer to lend him out to other communities where their extended families lived.yes, the plot was weak, the movie was predictable, there was bad acting and continuity was rotten, but it ranks #1 with my kids. robert townsend works to bring movies "home" so to speak. i doubt he'll ever truly be recognized as the talented actor/producer/director he truly is, but there are and will always be, those that love him for his efforts.one point to ponder about the film, which i find amusing: throughout the entire battle with simon, no one bothered to call the police???? also, what mother and father do you know that will watch their son fight from a window? my mother would have been right there, scrapping by my side, toe-to-toe. dad would be loading his pistol. lolrent it and check it out. it's worth seeing at least once and good for those of you that are fans of sinbad, luther vandross, bill cosby, big daddy kane, etc. great job with the cameos robert!

bob clampett's 'porky's poor fish' is a so-so cartoon populated by appalling puns and one or two nice moments. set in porky's fish shoppe, 'porky's poor fish' occupies an uncomfortable area between a standard black 'n' white porky cartoon and one of the books-come-to-life merrie melodies that were popular at that time. typically of many of the early porky cartoons, porky is far from the star, appearing only in a rather stilted opening musical number and the climax of the film. for the rest of the time the star is a scraggly cat who sees the fish shop as an opportunity for a free meal but gets more than he bargained for. unfortunately, the audience gets far less than they bargained for. as was sometimes the case in the books-come-to-life series, the spotlight is thrown on punning signs which could have worked just as well in a non-animated medium. laughs are scarce and, while the cartoon is just about saved by clampett's energetic direction, there is very little at all to recommend 'porky's poor fish' over any of the other below-par early porky cartoons.

considering the risk of showing same-sex relationships before the late 1980's, personal best could have done better to play the same-sex relationship between hemingway (chris cahill) and donnelly (tory skinner) as a more than experimental phase of cahill's life.it seems to me that the creators of this movie threw in the same-sex relationship between two fairly attractive women in order to attract viewers. also consider the 90 seconds of exposing the crotches of several women jumping backwards over a high jump pole. this random scene had very little relevance to the movie and it appeared as though this was done merely to keep the audience interested in this bland movie. i suppose the producers were trying to counteract the boring plot and the even more boring setting of the movie (the 1980 oregon track and field competition).this review may seem harsh, but it is the truth. the exploitation of young muriel hemingway's body and the same-sex relationship ruined any credit that i would have given to this film.pepper thompson

this is just typical bruce willis, action movie schtick. watch it with some popcorn and your buddies. rent it, to save money.none of it is realistic. the battles aren't realistic. the soldiers aren't realistic. the victims aren't realistic. and why was tom skerritt's character talking to willis from the deck of the carrier? what's up with that? he can't do that from inside the ship?of course, bruce w. gets a machete wound. there's a bunch of average explosions.if this movie accurately represents the navy seals, then don't get stuck in africa expecting them to come rescue you!the noble attack on the village bothered me the most. "front row seats to an ethnic cleansing"...as bruce looks at the slaughter going on in town. so what does he do? he crawls into town on his belly. yep. how many died while they were putzing around? oh well...a body count was needed, i guess.and if that one african guy was so important, why didn't he get on the chopper with the elderly and children? can he say "duh?" finally, the movie was very dark. not just in plot, but so much happens at night it was difficult to make out what was going on.rent it.

if you like to be entertained, do not go see this movie. if you like to see heroics of war, do not go see this movie. if you like to see good acting and an excellent screenplay, do not go see this movie. if you like typical hollywood war films that end just in time to give a politically charged appeal to the public about the greatness and glory of war, go see this movie. otherwise, don't waste your time. i am always interested in war movies because i think that if they are done well, they can teach us something about the paradoxical and worthless qualities of war. this film shows a bunch of guys running around the countryside, saying whorrible cliche lines, doing the most predictable things, and defending the oppressed with the same exact force and brutality that was being given to the oppressed. this film is a disgrace to filmmaking and to the united states of america! can you imagine being a person from europe or africa, or any other country and watching this, being told that this is how americans truly are? no wonder everyone hates us! please, please, please, don't waste your time on this piece of junk; if you must, wait and rent it. 4/10

...for the lt to have chosen this one. first, the film wasn't horrible, it was just hollywood. worst case i-need-this-to-happen-or-we-have-no-movie scenario: if willis' mission was to save the doctor, but she was adamant that her "people" make it out of the missionary, he would have put her on that first chopper and marched those refugees to the border without her. he would not have compromised his package for the refugees. that's not how it works. but, as i pointed out, this is hollywood, we must have drama. this is why we make movies, because reality isn't quite so complicated. however, i did think that willis and the good doctor had workable chemistry. that said, there are also some well done battle scenes in the film. it's not a waste of time, "tears of the sun" is worth the dvd rental fee. check it out on a rainy day and you'll be satisfied.

although a film with bruce willis is always worth watching, you better skip this one. i watched this one on television, so i didn't have to plunk down cash for it. lucky me.the plot develops slowly, very slowly. although the first 30 minutes or so are quite believable, it gets more and more unbelievable towards the end. it is highly questionable, if a seasoned soldier like lt. waters would disobey direct orders. and even if he would, if the rest of his platoon would. they know he puts them in direct danger, and they know they will certainly die if they follow him, but what the heck, he is our lt. so let's do what he says (despite the direct orders, remember).still, there are some nice scenes in this movie. they somewhat save a village, where the total population is being massacred by the rebels. well, they save a dozen villagers or so, the rest was already killed. the strange part of it, that they did take the trucks which the rebels left behind. they rather go on foot. maybe because the roads are unsafe, but there was no explanation for it. anyway. i think this was what earned the movie the one point i gave it.what made this movie an insult to the brain and hence completely unbelievable is that a group of 7 soldiers can kill of so many rebels without being hurt or killed themselves. only near the end they loose a few comrades. and that is only because they have to fight of an army of nearly 500 or more. can you believe that?they fight of an army of so many, kill hundreds of them, and only loose a few of themselves. and they have rounds and round of ammo. never run out of it. grenades and claymore mines, an m60 machine gun and even an rpg. where do they get this stuff. carrying it around or what? they even got a laptop which shows them the activity of enemy rebels. and this laptop has a battery which goes on for days. really? who think up this crap.i guess if you turn off your brain completely and accept that the rebels are a bunch of idiots, you give this movie a high rating. if not, skip this one. it saves you time.

the first ten minutes of "just looking" really dictates the direction most of this movie takes. lenny (ryan merriman) is a 14 year old boy living in new york in the '50s. he has a burning desire to see two people have sex. who are the best people he has in mind? well, his own mom and stepfather of course! how pleasant. unfortunately for lenny, he is caught before he sees anything and is sent away for the summer to stay with his uncle and his uncle's wife.lenny's next plan is to see his uncle and his wife have sex. however, the wife is quite pregnant and they aren't currently sleeping together. then lenny makes a new friend. him and his buddy spend most of their free time hanging around a couple of girls. they have a little club where all they do is sit around and talk about sex. the problem is...it's not done in an innocent, charming 1950's sort of way. i am no prude by any means, but i found it rather disturbing listening to these kids talk about masturbation, blowjobs and anal sex. that kind of rawness may work in a movie like "kids" (1995) but in this film it just seems perverted.gretchen mol is utterly wasted here as hedy, a former bra model who becomes the object of lenny's carnal desires. jason alexander needs to stay as far away from the director's chair as possible. "for better or worse" (1996) was awful and now this. what a waste. 1/10

this is probably one of the worst french movies i have seen so far, among more than 100 french movies i have ever seen. terrible screenplay and very medioacre/unprofessional acting causes the directing powerless. with all that it doesn't matter how nice western french scene and fancy music can add to the story.one of the key weakness of this movie is that these two characters do not attract people, as an audience i don't care what happens to them. it amazed me how this movie won jury prize in cannes, man, i love almost all the awarded movies in cannes, but not this one. a major disappointment for me.

you do realize that you've been watching the exact same show for eight years, right? i could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co-exist on an island, but you'd think that after watching unkempt, stink-ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original (and interesting).and i'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record i find questionable. it's just hard to suspend disbelief for "bushy bill" eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make-shift bio-dome sipping frosty mochcinno's with moxy.what's the appeal here? i don't care about these people or their meandering lives. i just don't get it. but if you do find yourself being captivated by hairy, unwashed people, i suggest you turn off your tv and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their true habitat. they call them homeless people, and free of charge, you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters, eventually striking "pay-dirt" and fashioning a homemade dr. frankenstein-styled cancer-stick, all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of "aqua velva" on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise. and the best part? much like survivor, every week one member of the tribe "leaves" the "island" when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full-blown schizophrenia kicks into gear! now that's entertainment!

how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long? it's terrible. it makes me want to shoot someone. it's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. i'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. i remember watching it when it first came out. i thought, hey this could be interesting, then i found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.

this show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel. it is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera. it's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.it also borrows from an early cbs game show pioneer- beat the clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome. then it rewards the winner money. if they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters, even better. while the game format is in slow motion versus beat the clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality. this show has elements of several types of successful past programs. reality television, hardly, but if your hooked on the contestants, locale or contest, this is your cup of tea. if your not, this entire series is as i say, drivel dripping with gravy. it is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.it is slick & well produced, so it might last a while yet. after all, so do re-runs of gilligan's island, green acres, the beverly hillbillies & the brady bunch. this just doesn't employ professional actors. the intelligence level is about the same.

roy rogers and company try to bring "sintown" back to life - it's a ghost town which may go boom if silver mining is successful. andy devine (as "cookie") slapsticks around. jane frazee (as carol) loses a piece of her bitches to mr. rogers' sharp leer. foy willing and the riders of the purple sage stand-in (or, is that sing-in?) for the a.w.o.l. bob nolan and the sons of the pioneers. james finlayson (from the laurel and hardy films) adds to the "slapstick" look of "grand canyon trail". a loose floor board delivers the winning comedy performance. mr. devine's mule kicks its heels. there are energetic human performances, too - but, the material isn't grand. ** grand canyon trail (1948) william witney ~ roy rogers, jane frazee, andy devine

i'd have to say that this was a little embarrassing for the 'king of the cowboys'; made in 1948, the picture came out a decade after roy rogers' earliest pictures in which he had a starring role. roy's character comes off as a bit clueless in this one, along with his female co-star jane frazee, who alternates her allegiance between roy and robert livingston, portraying chief bad guy bill regan. the whole story seems kind of muddled, with missed opportunities for what could have been an entertaining hour or so. like the legend of the 'hangman's hotel' for example, which says the hanged man comes to life at midnight. with andy devine in the cast as cookie bullfincher, you would think the story would get a little mileage out of that set up. instead, you have some convoluted proceedings that would have been better served if this had been a bowery boys flick. it was a sad attempt at a haunted hotel gimmick that relied on poor old genevieve, who truth be told, wound up getting more screen time than trigger, who's contract as 'smartest horse in the movies' didn't have anything to say about getting upstaged by a mule. and then you have foy willing and his riders of the purple sage replacing bob nolan and the sons of the pioneers for your musical interlude. i don't know about you, but it was already half way into the picture and i was still looking for pat brady - oh well! yet there was still an interesting element to be found here if you were looking hard enough, and that turned out to be roy's athletic dismount of trigger while still on the run from the bad guys. ok, it was probably a stunt double, but i haven't seen that one before in a couple hundred westerns.jane frazee does the honors as the female lead in this picture, as she would in four other films opposite roy in the 1947/1948 time frame. in "under california stars", she appeared as andy devine's cousin, appropriately named caroline bullfincher. you're never quite convinced what side she'll come in on in this story though, since she starts out pretending to be someone she's not, and winds up on the good guy side almost by accident.fans of the old laurel and hardy films might be as surprised as i was to see james finlayson here as the sheriff of sintown. i would have liked a little more comedy relief written into his role, but he played it pretty straight after all. i had to wonder, when it was all over, why he and old vanderpool (charle coleman) wound up in the mine shaft with cookie when there was no reason for that to be. just a way to close it out i guess, with about as much thought as went into the rest of the picture. i hate to be that harsh, but if you've seen enough roy rogers flicks, you've got to know that this was not one of his finer efforts.say, sintown - i wonder if that's the same place that grew up to be sin city?

here are the matches . . . (adv. = advantage)the warriors (ultimate warrior, texas tornado and legion of doom) v the perfect team (mr perfect, ax, smash and crush of demolition): ax is the first to go in seconds when warrior splashes him for the pin (4-3 adv. warriors). i knew ax wasn't a healthy man but if he was that unhealthy why bother have him on the card? this would be his last ppv. eventually, both legion of doom and demolition job out cheaply via double disqualification (2-1 adv. warriors). perfect applies the perfect plex on texas tornado for the pin. he then attempts the same on warrior but warrior no-sells it and kicks out. warrior comes back with a splash to pin perfect and become the sole survivor. 5/10the dream team (dusty rhodes, koko b ware and the hart foundation v million dollar team (ted dibiase, mystery partner and rhythm and blues): the mystery partner is the undertaker and, on his debut, makes an impact disposing of koko straight away with the tombstone(monsoon still manages to say his correct height, weight and finishing move while pretending not to know who he is) making it 4-3 to dibiase's team. niedhart power-slams honky for the pin (3-3) and his career with the wwf is over. shortly afterwards, it is niedhart who falls victim to dibiase with help from virgil (3-2 adv. dibiase's team). rhodes next after an undertaker double axe-handle off the top rope but doesn't leave quietly attacking brother love. undertaker goes after dusty and gets counted out despite not being the legal man (2-1 adv. dibiase's team). almost straight after, greg gets caught in a cradle by hart trying to put the figure four leg-lock on him and gets pinned. it comes down to hart v dibiase and after a few minutes of nice wrestling, bret gets his body-cross reversed by dibiase for the pin. dibiase is the sole survivor. at least hart is put to good use. 6/10the vipers (jake 'the snake' roberts, 'superfly' jimmy snuka and the rockers) v visionaries (rick 'model' martel, warlord and power and glory): after spending some time in the ring, marty jannetty gets power slammed by warlord as he comes off the top rope for the pin (4-3 adv. visionaries). snuka gets pinned in seconds by martel who reverses his body cross (4-2 adv. visionaries). michaels gets caught in the power plex and pinned by roma (4-1 adv. visionaries). it is now roberts against four men resembling his survivor series effort two years before. despite hitting warlord with the ddt, roberts gets counted out chasing after martel. the visionaries are the first team in survivor series history to completely survive as one. not much here worth watching to be honest as the psychology is rushed. 3/10hulkamaniacs (hulk hogan, 'hacksaw' jim duggan, bigbossman and tugboat) v natural disasters (earthquake, dino bravo, barbarian and haku): one bossman slam eliminates haku early in the bout (4-3 adv. hulkamaniacs). duggan gets his 2 by 4 out after whacking earthquake with it to get disqualified (3-3). bravo commits career suicide shortly afterwards by allowing hogan to cradle him for the pin (3-2 adv. hulkamaniacs). earthquake manages to overcome bossman with two elbow drops for the pin shortly afterwards (2-2). hogan gets beat down and finally tugboat gets a tag (who knew he was there at this point?), he wrestles for about 30 seconds before getting counted out with earthquake. only hogan and barbarian left. barbarian puts in some nice offence but inevitably gets caught in the big boot and leg drop for the pin. hogan is the sole survivor. 4/10the alliance (nikolai volkoff, tito santana and bushwhackers) v mercenaries (sgt slaughter, boris zhukov and orient express): all of the mercanaries wore camouflage face paint. lightning quick pins here with santana pinning zhukov in his last ppv in seconds (4-3 adv. alliance). there wasn't even a bolshevik showdown. bushwhackers hit sato with the battering ram even though tanaka was the legal man (4-2 adv. alliance) and would be his last appearance on wwf ppv as the orient express get repackaged. tanaka follows sato when santana stuns him with the flying forearm (4-1 adv. alliance). despite slaughter getting in the ring against four men, he eliminates volkoff (who's career is over after this), butch and luke in that order with relative ease. finally, santana beats slaughter by disqualification when general adnan hits him with iraqi flag. at last some interesting booking even though the match was awful. santana takes the upset victory as the sole survivor and becomes his last finest hour. 3/10the egg hatches and it's hector guerrerro in a silly outfit. he dances with gene okerlund and gets booed by the crowd while piper and monsoon pretend they are enjoying it. match of survival: ultimate warrior, hulk hogan and tito santana v warlord, power and glory, rick 'model' martel and 'million dollar man ted dibiase: just merely another catalogue of eliminations as santana pins warlord in seconds with flying forearm at least avenging his previous summerslam defeat (4-3 adv. dibiase's team). dibiase stun guns santana afterwards for the pin (4-2 adv. dibiase's team). hogan kicks out of the power plex and proceeds to pin roma after a clothesline, effectively killing off power and glory's push (3-2 adv. dibiase's team). hogan eliminates martel by count-out and dibiase with the leg drop for the pin (2-1 adv. hogan's team). hogan finally allows warrior into the match who quickly disposes of former nemesis hercules after a splash. a very predictable ending to the point of nauseous. 2/10overall, too many matches and too little time obviously had a detrimental effect as the wrestlers were almost waiting on a conveyor belt to be pinned. most of the heels were decimated by warrior and hogan which is a poor way to handle a great roster of wrestlers.

this one was marred by potentially great matches being cut very short.the opening match was a waste of the legion of doom, but i guess the only way they could have been eliminated by demolition was a double-dq. otherwise, mr. perfect would have had to put in overtime. kerry von erich, the i-c champ, was wasted here. and this was the third ppv in a row where perfect jobbed. remember, before that he never lost a match.the second match was very good, possibly the best of the night. ted dibiase and the undertaker were excellent, while the jim neidhart had one of his wwf highlights, pinning the honky tonk man. koko b. ware continued his tradition of being the first to put over a new heel (remember the big bossman and yokozuna?). this was a foreshadowing of bret hart's singles career, as he came back from two-on-one and almost survived the match. he and dibiase put on a wrestling clinic, making us forget that the point of the match was dibiase's boring feud with dusty rhodes.even though the visionaries were the first team to have all of its members survive (and only the second since '87 to have four survivors), this match was not a squash. this was the longest match of the night, and jake did a repeat of his '88 performance when he was left alone against four men and dominated. i think he could have actually pulled off an upset. these days, the match would have ended the other way around.one of the shortest ss matches ever was also one of its most surprising. possibly the most underrated wrestler ever, tito santana was the inspirational wrestler of the night, putting on war paint and pinning boris zukhov, tanaka, and even the warlord in the final survival match. it was so strange to see him put over so overwhelmingly, then go right back to his mediocre career. sgt. slaughter also did well, getting rid of volkoff and the bushwhackers, but that just wasn't a surprise. tito was.i think the only point of the survival match was to have hogan and the warrior win together at the end.this show was boring and the matches were too short. the undertaker's debut was cool, but tito santana is the reason i will remember this one.

yes, marie dresler drinks prune juice that she thinks is poison and she exits running.dresler is good. never my cup of tea but she is a solid performer who surely holds the screen.i watched this for polly moran, whom i've seen elsewhere. here, moran is ok -- just ok -- as dressler's shrewish friend/foe. too bad she has sunk into nearly total oblivion.the plot is good hearted. bad guys try to rob the townspeople. dressler triumphs and all ends well.i do wonder about the central plot mechanism: bonds. this came out during the depression so maybe everyone was familiar with bonds and what they can do if used well and if used wrongly. i, however, not of that era, am vaguely familiar with them. they're like stocks only different, right? it seems odd to build a story about the little man around a somewhat sophisticated monetary entity.

in 1925, childhood friends marie dressler (as maggie warren) and polly moran (as lizzie praskins) oversee the wedding of their children, anita page (as helen) and norman foster (as john). before the celebration, ms. dressler turns the reigns of her small town bank over to her son, mr. foster. six years later, the great depression brings many bank closures, and financial insecurity. banker foster is able to survive, due to mother dressler's wise planning. but, ms. moran is worried about her fortune, and loudly demands a complete withdrawal. other "warren bank" customers hear moran's rant, and start questioning their own solvency. soon, the family is in financial crisis.dressler's huge critical and financial film hit "emma" had been released early in the year, and mgm had to have wanted to get a new dressler film out as soon as possible. dressler's 1931 hits, "reducing" and "politics" were still making a lot of money; and, dressler had become 1932's us #1 box office star, according to the industry standard list compiled by quigley publications. "prosperity" certainly celebrated dressler's status, but the production appears uncharacteristically sloppy, and rushed. the cast does well, considering. some more care in direction and editing, and some retakes, would have helped… apparently, they needed it in theaters for the holidays.**** prosperity (11/12/32) sam wood ~ marie dressler, polly moran, anita page, norman foster

marie dressler carries this depression-era drama about a kindly bank owner, which recently aired on tcm during their april fools comedy month. if you come with the expectation of big laughs courtesy the dressler-polly moran team, you'll be disappointed, as this is really a very downbeat film. it's also very poorly made, surprisingly so considering it came from mgm. leonard smith's bare bones cinematography is strictly from the 'set up the camera and don't move it' school, frequently to the detriment of the cast, who find themselves delivering lines off screen (it's like a pan and scan print before such existed!) or having their heads cut off. the film doesn't even have a credited director, underlying the apparent fly by night nature of the production. overall, it's an unsatisfying mess, with dressler frequently over-emoting and only that bizarre, final reel dash to the bathroom to set it apart.

ugh! another one of those "fooled by the cover" dvds. i expected some kind of action at least with bears, cats, & such on the cover. i got nothing! bad movie!.i forced myself to watch this all the way through thinking that eventually something would happen...no luck.now the reason i gave this a 2 is because of the scenery; otherwise it sucked.the kid was terrible, talking to himself (although i suppose they couldn't just run a movie with dumb music and no dialogue at all), doing his lame karate stances to a tree stump, threatening a raccoon, munching on worms, and (what a dumbass) kicking a porcupine. and he wouldn't be pulling those quills out that easily either...they stick like fishhooks. at least he fought the bear (weakly) a couple of times.what was up with the flashback thing? it made a bad movie even worse. i wanted to see a survival movie, not some dramatic bs about a kid suffering thru divorce.what else can i say? well, maybe they should have had the bear eat the kid or something. at least that would have been more exciting.people, don't waste your time on this one.

ever wanted to eat worms? here's a 'documentary' to show you how! yeah...the kid eats live worms! and that's about the most interesting part of the movie.this movie has been pretty well summed up by previous reviewers as rather boring. i'm totally in agreement here. the movie just doesn't go anywhere....unless you're fond of worm eating! this is one movie it's almost impossible to write a spoiler for....because nothing much happens.now on the technical side: they should have given that kid a haircut. who's he trying to look like anyway...bozo the clown. it was almost comical...i almost expected him to turn into the shaggy dog or something.and on top of that; the kid was way too chunky to ever look hungry! should have kept him off the junk food for a couple of weeks before filming.all in all, this movie nearly put me to sleep. and my kids could only handle about 15 minutes before they left the scene for something more interesting.i will admit that the scenery was very impressive. and had there been a decent story to go with it, it might have made a hit.it did seem safe enough for kids to watch: the bear scenes and the 'oddball' eyeball were too weak to frighten most kids, and the brief 'skinny-dipping' scene didn't show anything.i gave this one a very generous 3.

simply put: the movie is boring. cliché upon cliché is confirmed and story lines never come together. it seems as if the director was unsure whether to make a movie or a documentary. the main plot is very thin (a cia agent is ordered to kill an oil prince, gets caught and then warns the prince (why?)) and therefore some elements were added to make the movie more interesting. so, a kid dies, which results in the "natural" response of the father: freely advising the person indirectly responsible for his son's death. the lawyer has a drunk "friend" and keeps him around, why, no one knows. some kids become suicide terrorists and blow up a ship.all in all, this is one of the worst movies i have seen in quite a while. i was neither entertained nor intellectually challenged. i neither laughed nor cried, i did not gain an understanding nor was i compelled to learn more or take up a cause. it meant nothing to me, which in my eyes is the worst one can say about a movie.

seldom do i give up on a movie without seeing the entire show. this is particularly true when i have rented it on dvd. syriana was one in which i did give up. half way through i turned it off in bored disgust.this movie is disjointed, boring, confusing and lackluster. the acting was dry and without credible portrayals. the general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest. the multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot. too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop. i cannot imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award.

syriana swept the critics upon release and everything seemed to be raving about it. i suppose it's one of those films that is intensely intelligent...so intelligent that i think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind. i don't consider myself unintelligent, i've been studying politics since my early teens and i enjoy an intelligent film but for the most part unless it's a documentary films are meant to be primarily entertaining as well as have a message. syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and it does turn some people away. i would even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and insist it's a 10/10 are lying because they think they look better. this film was the most confusing, senseless, mindless dribble i have seen in awhile...especially considering the critical acclaim, the oscar nods, and the cast. screenplay writer stephen gaghan has disappointed me yet again. his horribly written havoc preceded this film and i think he's just trying way too hard. i can't believe he was offered the opportunity to write the da vinci code screenplay. on top of that gaghan directed the film which made it an absolute mess. i had no idea who anyone was, why things were happening, who was who and what was what. it was a disaster.because i don't really know who anyone was i can only mention the actors and what i thought of their performances because despite the horrendously complicated script the actors did alright. george clooney plays c.i.a. field agent and assassin i think?? bob barnes. clooney has never been a favorite of mine but lately he's managed to churn out some decent performances and this seemed to be a pretty good performance on his part. barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if i knew what was going on with him i would have really enjoyed his character. matt damon plays bryan woodman and he is rather bland and always looks like a deer in the headlights which i can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to perform it. amanda peet plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes she is given. christopher plummer makes a cameo appearance as someone doing something. i like plummer and love seeing him show up even if he doesn't get top billing anymore.the cast is intense if only the story made sense. i'd like to exact quote the description of plot on imdb. "a missile disappears in iran, but the cia has other problems: the heir to an emirate gives an oil contract to china, cutting out a us company that promptly fires its immigrant workers and merges with a small firm that has landed a kazakhstani oil contract. the department of justice suspects bribery, and the oil company's law firm finds a scapegoat. the cia also needs one when its plot to kill the emir-apparent fails. agent bob barnes, the fall guy, sorts out the double cross. an american economist parlays the death of his son into a contract to advise the sheik the cia wants dead. the jobless pakistanis join a fundamentalist group. all roads start and end in the oil fields." what!?!? say who now?? syriana might be the thinking man's movie but it bored me to tears and no matter how hard i tried to stay with it i eventually surrendered and turned it off after an hour and a half and you couldn't have bribed me enough to get me to finish it. i suppose if you want to form an opinion than by all means watch it but i promise you someone looking for entertainment or an enjoyable film will be asleep in the first half hour. 1/10

living in the middle east (in israel), i was excited when i bought my ticket for syriana. having seen the trailer, and being a thriller-lover, i expected to see first of all a fast moving, breath catching movie, which wisely dips in global policy-making and the relation between oil, power and corruption, from a fresh angle. well, i almost left the movie in the middle. the pace was painfully slow, almost all characters were stereotyped, the intertwined editing made understanding the logic very difficult, but, as steve rhodes wrote in his review, in the end you don't care. save your money, save your time, choose another movie.robi chernitsky

imagine turning the american national anthem into a cartoon. throw in a couple of cute animals, some terrible puns and a pair of roller skates and you'd find yourself with almost an exact replica of this film.i remember seeing this when i was younger; i made my mother rent it from the video shop about 5 times. the story itself isn't too bad, it's just that any marxists watching would certainly have something to complain about.if you don't like america you won't like this film.

this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen, everything about it is weak and incoherent. the acting is absurd, the costumes even crummier and the story is non-existent. this 'poverty row' sword and adventure film was meant to capture some of the success that "beastmaster" and "conan" enjoyed but it doesn't give us any reason to follow along. the lead character is tepid and dull, he can't even fight with a sword and the sword is from the 16th century. all the action sequences are like that, slow and unrealistic, not to mention the castle and the horribly dated music playing whenever they are riding a horse. don't even bother with this crap.

i saw the mst3k version of "deathstalker iii" and loved the movie so much -- even "unmystied" -- that i decided to watch the entire series of "deathstalker" films. i bought i and ii and settled down for a laugh.nothing about "deathstalker i" was funny on any level and when the credits rolled i was embarrassed and regretful that i had bought it! too much ugliness and nudity. i guess either "ds 3" was a much cleaner production or mst3k really edited a lot because i expected something similar, i.e. stupid and carefree and simple. i was wrong. even at $6.99 it seemed a waste of money. i didn't even open "ds 2" as i will return it tomorrow. now i'll probably just throw away this dvd as i can't return it and no one wants it -- including myself! so really, don't bother with this one. even the nudity (lots of it, btw) is uninspiring and icky.

i don't recall walking out of a movie theater except this once. not only that, but i was with 7 friends, and we all wanted to go. an uninteresting plot, characters made of clay, violence with no point. i didn't care when the good guys died; i didn't care when the bad guys got it. the fantasy and magic was laid on thick as liver pudding and there was no coherency. in short, fine entertainment if you happen to be spending an eternity in hell.

wha-bam! someone surely had fun devouring a whole truckload of acid-mushrooms and then subsequently scripting this crazy excuse for a motion picture! writer howard cohen expands the "sword & sorcery" concept with a couple of extra s's, like sex, silliness, (more) sex and sheer stupidity! this isn't just a movie, this is every juvenile pervert's dreams & fantasies come true! "deathstalker" has it all: blood, violence, trolls, female mud-wrestling, attempted rape, successful rape, life-sized pigs (!), awful hairstyles, hideously oiled muscular bodies, multi-sexual orgies, gay warriors, tournaments-to-the-death, delirious witches, dismemberment, laughable villains and boobs, boobs, booooooooobies!! "deathstalker" literally wipes the floor with its obvious role-model "conan: the barbarian" when it comes to terms of cheesiness and sheer flamboyance. the story is, evidently, of minor importance. lone and gay (only he doesn't know it yet) warrior deathstalker goes on a mission, as commanded by an annoying witch, to gather the three notorious elements of creation… or something like that. on his journey he combines forces with a troll-turned-human, a fighter who's even gayer than he is and - last but not least - a luscious lady who doesn't really seem to be a big support of the concept of bras. together they head for the kingdom of the ultimately evil munkar where they'll participate in a warriors' tournament and conquer no less than two out of three elements. munkar is bald guy with half a spider's web tattooed on his skull and an impressive harem that would even make the wealthiest oil sheik jealous. okay, granted, "deathstalker" is a pretty damn awful and at some times even unendurable movie. the fight sequences are lame and the costumes and make-up effects are downright pitiable. for a moment, when beholding the opening sequence, i actually feared i was watching "troll; the prequel". the monsters look incredibly cheesy and the complete opposite as menacing, but it's undeniable entertainment if you're in an undemanding mood. i presume this isn't a favorite amongst feminists, as the overall portrayal of women is somewhat …um…discriminating. most of the gals exclusively serve as eye-candy in the harem. they're allowed crawl over the floor naked and play around in the mud, but strictly forbidden to open their mouths. the two "leading" ladies (barbi benton and lana clarkson) are ravishing but - in all honesty - if it wouldn't be for their continuously exposed racks, they would hardly be worth mentioning, either.

this is one of those movies that you and a bunch of friends sit around drinking beers, eating pizza, and laugh at. unfortunately for me i found myself watching this one alone. my friends and i rented a big block of movies and never got around to seeing this one. it was due back and i figured that it was a waste not to watch it. so i did, and i was impressed at how absolutely terrible this movie is.now, i love bad movies quite a bit, and i probably would have liked this one if the "hero" wasn't so utterly loathsome. the entire movie i was hoping that he'd put that stupid sword down and let someone kill him! he does very little heroic things in the movie. he's a beefy, disgusting, stupid thing. he has less redeeming qualities than the villains do. and what was it with all the naked chicks? i mean, i love naked chicks just as much as the next guy, but this movie went a tad overboard in that department.well, anyway, if you love bad movies and can stand a disgusting "hero" then i'm sure you'll like this schlock of a film.

i had to give this film a 1 because it's that bad, but don't make this think that i didn't enjoy watching, because i laughed and laughed, and i even had a few questions. so half of the time i was laughing, half of the time i was saying "what in the hell is going on?" or "why would someone do this?" et cetera. i mostly enjoyed the terrible fog effects, the 80's style nude scene/battle/dialogue/nude scene, and the way that the warrior's swords flap in the wind when they ride their horses. and there's some crappy model effects (those aren't supposed to be real trees, are they?) and i still don't understand this guy that they find in the cave, what in the hell is he? a friend of mine told me about these movies and i thought i would give em a try, and i basically liked the film as people like ed wood films, i have no real enjoyment of what the film was meant to be, i look at it in my own hilarious way. so don't let this distract you if you really thought this was an action movie, it is, i just liked it for other reasons. it's much, much worse than evil dead, so it can actually make you think as though you are wasting your life by watching it (which came into my mind a few times). i guess the best thing for most people would be to have a few drinks, have some friends around, and laugh at this film. maybe this is a bit harsh, but i don't think so, rent it and you'll see. yo.

deathstalker is perfect for b-fantasy movie fans; this barely 80-minute travesty of film-making features everything hecklers can ask for--non-existent plotting, terrible acting (save for at least a raspy-sounding old lady), laughable scripting and schlock editing, and bargain-basement style background settings. there are no characters that come across as likable or interesting (in particular, the lead doesn't have anything appealing about him), and the actors assembled barely do anything to rise above the f-grade material. if that's not enough, then how about the lack of a compelling plot (which this movie has nothing of the sort) to make deathstalker qualify as a major turkey? i was also offended that the women in this movie barely serve any purpose other than to 1) be topless and/or scantily clad; 2) get raped; 3) have sex with the hero; 4) all of the above. in addition, the background music is hideous; a bizarre mess of electronic noise, cheesy choral bursts, and blaring orchestral cacophony. ear numbing and eye numbing all in one packed with nary a thing to keep one interested, deathstalker is probably best suited for folks looking for something to laugh at (and believe me, there's plenty of that in here). otherwise, i do not recommend this 100th-grade conan wanna-be to anyone in the least.

...or, more precisely, so bad that you are going to have the time of your life laughing your ass off when you watch it! james sbardellati's "deathstalker" of 1983 is certainly one of the most awful productions the sword & sorcery sub-genre has brought along, but it is highly amusing. the acting is terrible, the plot is pure crap, and the effects and photography couldn't be more amateurish. but it is the bad acting, the cheesy effects, and the many errors, that makes this movie so hilarious.- spoilers ahead -deathstalker (rick hill) is an extremely strong and skilled warrior. one day, a good witch tasks him to unite the three powers of chaos and creation, a sword, an amulet and a chalice, in order to free the country from its brutal ruler, the evil king and sorcerer munkar. obtaining the sword is quite easy, but the amulet and the chalice are in munkar's possession. fortunately, the evil king has arranged a tournament in which the county's most skilled warriors fight each other until death. the winner is then to take the king's place. of course, the king doesn't want anybody to take his place, an therefore he has planned to kill the winner (instead of just not arranging the tournament in the first place). deathstalker is not only to obtain the the three powers of creation, but also to save the old, good king's gorgeous daughter (barbi benton) from the claws of evil munkar. luckily, he doesn't get bored on his way to the tournament, since he is allowed hump the gorgeous female warrior kaira (lana clarkson) in the meantime...the film has many great, incredibly stupid and funny scenes. some of my favorite scenes include: - deathstalker beheads a bad guy with his sword. the head that falls down, however, is not that guy's head. the falling head has a red goatee, while the guy beheaded by deathstalker had dark hair and no beard.- when the character of female warrior kaira (lana clarkson) is introduced, she is first seen in a black robe, hiding her face and body. deathstalker's traveling companion oghris (richard brooker) fights her, and during the sword fight her robe (under which she is, of course topless) opens, exposing her breasts. her breasts are the first thing we see of lana clarkson, even before her face.- the last warrior deathstalker has to fight in the tournament, is a giant guy with the body of a man and the head of a pig.- evil munkar has an ugly little creature locked in a chest. he feeds that little creature human eyeballs and fingers.... there are many other unintentionally funny, hilarious, and great scenes. the acting is terrible but barbi benton and the late lana clarkson are eye-candy, and although i described this movie as 'unintentionally funny', i sometimes had the impression that some of the actors were absolutely aware of how crappy the movie is. there is a fair amount of gore, and lots of female nudity to keep the viewer entertained. "deathstalker" is an incredibly awful movie, but i still highly recommend it. people with a sense of humor will have the time of their lives!

i'm sure that the folks on the texas/louisiana border must have had a a good laugh or two when paramount's b picture unit inflicted this one on the war time public. very simply the area along the sabine river where the film opens is cotton country just like the rest of the deep south or at least the deep south was post civl war. no big cattle empires there, they're much farther west in texas, farther than richard dix and preston foster could ride to set up their empire.the film begins with the two of them partners in a riverboat and when leo carrillo tries a theft of their services by not paying them for hauling his cattle, they keep the cattle. and that's the beginning of the big ponderosa like ranch they start.along the way foster marries dix's sister played by frances gifford and feuds with his much smaller neighbors. they also have some further run ins with leo carrillo.anyway, us easterners who like westerns usually don't bother with geographical trifles and it's still a good western from the production mill of harry sherman who produced all those hopalong cassidy westerns for paramount. the climax is a blazing, and i mean that literally, gun battle that should have maybe been used on an a production.but i wouldn't have any but western fans look at it.

this film has the kernel of a really good story. the work of the men and women of the coast guard, especially in the north pacific, is the stuff of heroes and legends. this film mucks up a good story with three endings (none satisfying), a couple of unneeded and pointless bar fights and two alleged "romantic" relationships that have as much spark as dead campfire. the rescue scenes are great - even if the computer generation is hokey and the scenarios are pretty unreal - but the backstory is lame and disappointing. costner is good - especially his hand acting (watch for it). ashton kutcher is flat but not terrible. the main female characters are one dimensional. the best female is one of the coast guard sailors in the rescue center and she's on camera for about two minutes in the whole film. it could have been an excellent film - and costner needs one!

i went to the movie as a sneak preview in austria. so didn't have an idea what i am going to see. the story is very normal. the movie is very long , i believe it could have cut to 1/2 without causing any problems to the story. its the type of movie you can see in a boring night which you want to get bored more ! ashton kutcher was very good . kevin costner is ok. the movie is speaking about the us coast guards, how they are trained , their life style and the problems they face. as there aren't much effects in the movie. so if you want to watch it , then no need to waste your money and time going to the cinema. would be more effective to watch it at home when it gets on dvds.

long on action and stunt work, but so short on character delineation and development that it failed to hold our interest. not always easy to figure out which side a character is on and who's doing what to whom.

this was a new alltime low among westerns. the writing is excruciatingly bad, characters are impossible to emphasize with and are either disgusting or bland, the violence is appalling and technically not very convincingly executed. and tobey maguire shows us the flip side of his talent, sleepwalking through his part with those expressionless eyes and that raspy voice of his that here betrays only mannerism. 'ride with the devil' is among my five worst movie experiences ever, a western never to be surpassed in the negative respect.

this movie was two and a quarter excruciating hours. someone please tell me what the point was?i mean, i understand the historical setting. it's supposed to be about a ragtag group of confederate bushwhackers (terrorists?) on the missouri-kansas frontier, taking revenge against all northern sympathizers and abolitionists during the u.s. civil war. but aside from gratuitous violence there wasn't really much of a point to this movie. perhaps it was a political statement? that war is really nothing much more than gratuitous violence? if that was the point it was done quite well, but i don't think that was the point. i think the producers really thought they were making a worthwhile movie here, but as far as i was concerned there was a complete lack of any plot. it seemed like i was watching a paperback novel come to life, with the characters looking like what you would see on the covers of such novels.this movie should be burned along with some of the towns this gang torched!

i am sad that a period of history that is so fascinating and so rich in material for film can be made into a ho-hum event . wm c quantrill was barely shown in the film , probably the most intriquing figure of the period. frank james was never mentioned, cole younger , ditto , and bloody bill anderson , who would weep for his murdered sister every time he went into battle was completely absent in the script. instead we were forced to watch fictitious characters that never developed into anyone we cared about. how sad. the costumes were wonderful however, as was the location shooting in missouri. i hope ang lee will make another film from the period and try again, or some other film maker will look into the tremendous wealth of material to write a screen play on .

okay.. this wasn't the worst movie i've ever seen, but i had heard lots of good things about it and i was sorely disappointed. i could see where the film makers were coming from and that they were trying to express the fact that the two sides in this battle weren't a whole lot different from one another, that the individuals were getting lost in the fighting, etc, etc. (well, that's my presumption, anyway =^_^=)at any rate.. the movie kind of bored me. i've watched a lot of really long movies, but this one just seemed to drag on and on and on.. basically because i just couldn't bring myself to care for any of the characters. i just kept thinking.. who cares??? i also found the acting to be rather dead pan and the dialogue strained. i understand that this was the 1800s and all, but most of the conversations just seemed rather unnatural. no one seemed to have any emotion throughout most of the film except during melodramatic events.the "romance" in the story didn't seem to be supported by anything other than "i'm a guy and you're a girl", which i don't consider much of a romance, and yet i felt i was being steered to the belief that these people were in love. oh well.. i guess it's the whole "all this horror around us, we have each other to cling to" type thing, or whatever. i was also hoping for some sort of dynamic between the two best friends (who both initially seemed to have an interest in the girl) but that was just sort of dropped. maybe avoiding a cliche love triangle. i don't know.oh well.. daniel holt was about the only character i really truly liked. and sue lee was all right. i didn't exactly dislike jake, but he seemed a bit too... spineless, i guess. jack bull i did not care for at all. and i'm pretty sure you're *supposed* to hate just about everyone else, with the exception of the poor normal people who just get mowed down left and right. it was pretty graphic and had that whole "the horrors of war" thing down, but i've seen plenty of other movies with the same theme, done better. (i enjoyed the patriot a lot, for instance, even if it was a bit emotionally manipulative) but, as i've already stated, i'm a cynic. what can i say? :)

i got this dvd well over 2 years ago and only decided to watch it yesterday. i don't know why it took me so long as i do like the inspector gadget show and even the new gadget and the gadgetinis. while it may have a bright color pallet and all the technical sophistication of a modern animated movie, there are some old things missing that bog this gadget right down the toilet.first of all the classic inspector gadget theme song and music is completely absent. the composer tries to compromise by doing a score that sounds similar but it's still just no good enough. the gadget-mobile is now a talking car, not a car that can turn into a van. plus it looks a lot cuter and rounder instead of being plain cool. penny no longer has her computer book and she and brain hardly make an appearance at all.the plot is non-existent. there's something about a transformation formula and doctor claw using for some never revealed evil but that's all i got. what the deal was with the short/giant italian guy i will never know. it had nothing to do with anything.and if the title is anything to go by, his last case is wrapped up in no way whatsoever. and he stays on the force so why it's called 'last case' is a mystery also.i wasn't impressed at all. this is an affront to a great animated show that is strangely absent on dvd, but don't let that prompt you into buying whatever inspector gadget dvds you can. i sold this mere seconds after finally watching it. no kid will like or appreciate this and no fan of the old show with tolerate it.

this film essentially deals with inspector gadget's arch-nemesis doctor claw who has returned after many years to the now-peaceful city of metropolis. claw's plan is to foil gadget once and for all by using a newer "cooler" crimefighter to help destroy gadget's popularity. sadly the film fails miserably, the series was great, but it was revived nearly 20 years later with tragic results. without the voice of don adams as inspector gadget it just doesn't cut it anymore; dr. claw is not only visually less frightening, but sounds more like a wrestler with a cold, than his original intimidating self. granted this is a children's movie, but the plot is so painfully weak (heaven forbid i mention the animation) that it pales in comparison to the original series. someone has decided to updated penny as well to bring her two decades up to speed, she now has some quasi-punk rebellious clothing style and doesn't play half the role that she did in the tv series. the gadgetmobile talks, as well as including a plot angle that focuses entire on talking cars. maybe i'm just a kid who loved the show who's grown up jaded, but i thought that the live-action version was more pain than i could bear, but now they go and spring this complete watering-down of the quality tv series on us. it's more than i can take.

"the bubble" is an effort to make a gay romeo & juliet type of story with an israeli and a palestinian, although it seems to come at it by way of "friends" or "beverly hills 90210." the characters are shallow and trite as are the dialog and plot line. the movie seems torn between fluff and depth. on the one hand there is a pointed effort at being shallow as (in one example of many) some minor characters even ask questions that invite development of insight into the conflicts at hand, and get answers like, "hey, we're here to make a poster for a rave against the occupation. don't get political!" beyond the obvious absurdity of such a line, it's just one of many ham-fisted signals that the movie is just as hollow and insubstantial as its title suggests. on the other hand, the movie's main pretension to depth follows the lovers to a presentation of "bent" a play about gays in a nazi labor camp. the scene on stage is awkwardly rushed, undermining its erotic power (understandable given the constraints of film-time, but still this could have been edited to much better effect.) and comes off as flimsily as the rest of the film. too bad. this play deserves much better.the characters are so one-dimensionally cartoony some even have names that telegraph their entire (though the word seems inappropriate here) substance. the aggressive soldier from the crack golani brigade is named "golan." the militant palestinian is named "jihad." the striving-for-chic faghag roommate is "lulu." anyone familiar with the checkpoints and life in palestine, whether from real life or documentaries will find the checkpoint scenes as absurdly unreal as… well, the rest of this fluffy fantasy. when a palestinian woman goes into the fastest labor on record israeli soldiers are solicitous and helpful, an ambulance shows up in minutes. (the outcome of the birth serves to show the palestinians as unappreciative of israeli beneficence and even downright paranoiac.) altogether the checkpoint is shown as a mere nuisance, not the series of bone-numbing, soul-crushing, humiliating obstructions with no regard for medical care or necessity in cases of birth, death, or severe illness. ashraf, the palestinian lover, seems to get through from nablus to tel aviv with no problems, no papers, no hassles. he just shows up whenever he likes. when the israelis want to get through it is much more of a challenge involving a scheme worthy of lucy ricardo.against the backdrop of nice, supportive israelis and surly homophobic palestinians we move to a resolution that is utterly lacking in motivation or purpose – except as a painfully obvious dramatic device to milk sympathy for the forbidden lovers.gay israeli-palestinian romance has been handled on stage with much more skill and depth as in saleem's "salaam/shalom" so this film is hardly even as groundbreaking as some people would like to think.gloriously bad films – like the works of ed wood -- at least have some striking idiosyncrasy to distinguish them. this one doesn't even have that going for it. most of the sound track sounds like simon and garfunkel on quaaludes, and even with the weird oedipal touches to the gay sex scenes, the general incompetence that pervades this movie plays out like a mediocre tv-movie-of-the-week.

eytan fox, whilst generally leaning on the apologist side of israeli politics, has made several quite interesting films in the past such as "walk on water" and the simply wonderful film, "yossi & jagger". in "the bubble", however, he has taken this illogical and unfair approach to the extreme.far from giving this film a standing ovation, the people at the screening i attended quietly got up and left. i also quietly left, fuming with anger at such a ridiculously one-sided film that translates self-preservation as racist bullying, and racist bullying (and terrorism) as outbursts of justified anger; which implies that arabs are so wronged by the evil israelis that they react in anger to a constant stream of one-sided israeli aggression against them, and that they, therefore, should not be held responsible for their actions.this film wasn't worth the money i paid for the ticket (indeed, i considered demanding my money back), and was basically an israeli apeing of the palestinian film "paradise now". if you want to be an anti-israeli, then by all means watch this film, as it really justifies just such a belief system. the fact that this film was made by an israeli director and, even worse, such a talented israeli director, is a crying shame. indeed, just how israel can be surprised to be regarded as a pariah state when israelis themselves make such anti-israel propaganda, beggars belief.what a shameful, horrid little film!

this started bad, got worse, and by the time the girl attacked the old lady at the end i literally wanted to take the dvd to the person we borrowed it off and choke the c**t to death with it. avoid this film, a little bit of good cinematography and some naked shots, would be almost acceptable if i was 14 and had not seen jenna jameson naked a million times. if anyone feels the need to watch this film, i would strongly recommend you spend the time more appropriately, as an example i would say trying to cram a lego house into your bum with no lube would be a good start. i hear that this film was not the original version, i would very much like to view the original, as it seems that this cut version is devoid of all plot, and apparently most of the nudity, can someone please tell me how i can get in touch with christian viel he owes me an hour of my life back!

first of all, jenna jameson is the best actress in this movie, and she's just awful. this movie has every horror move cliché in imagination, and all badly played. the over-sexed teen couple. the comical(not)horny jock. the snotty cool chick. the creepy local color guy. the parental-type couple. the virginal chick who amazingly never dies in these films. the dialogue is so painfully awful and delivered with the depth of a wading pool. it's almost like you're wishing that they'd all die sooner. i saw the rough cut of this film a while ago, but somehow, this just got worse. sure, the funniest thing in here is the ghoul trying to eat jameson's implants, but that hardly rates even a rental of this dog. avoid at all costs.

karen(bobbie phillips)mentions, after one of her kids gets out of hand with his lame annoying jokes, that she'll never survive this trip..boy, is she ever on the money. karen is a school teacher taking her group of kids from the shepley college of historical studies to the butt ugly locale of a run-down manor in the major dung-heap of ireland..surely there are places in this country more appeasing to the senses than this?! the caretaker of the manor, gary(simon peacock)warns karen and her students to stay on the path and not to stray into the forest. there's a myth regarding the sawney bean clan, a ritualistic druid cannibalistic inbred family celebrate samhain(the end of summer, october 31st)"feast of the dead" where sacrifices are needed to appease the spirits. gary is supposedly clairvoyant, his cousin pandora(ginger lynn allen)tells us, because he was born on samhain. funny, because he sure doesn't see outcomes well or even give advice accurately. nearly everyone dies(..even those who never stray from the path)and he doesn't even see his own gruesome fate. what this monster we hear breathing is a victim of way too much inbreeding..it's face resembles a malformed mushroom and it looks like a hideous reject from a mad max picture. it doesn't take long before the "evil breeder" is killing everyone. paul(howard rosenstein)is karen's love interest who made the wrong decision coming to ireland without his girlfriend's prior knowledge.horrible formula slasher doesn't stray from the norm. it's minuscule budget shows loudly and the characters are assembly line clichés churned out yet again to be slaughtered in the usual gory ways. most of the violence flashes across the screen quickly with not much dwelling on the breeder's acts of death towards his victims. lots of guts get pulled out during the fast edit cuts as one scene whisks to another. seeing gillian leigh's gorgeous naked body for a moment or two isn't incentive enough to recommend it. phil price has the really irritating trickster character, steve, often shedding bad jokes..how he is able to get leigh's barbara naked in the shower for some action is anyone's guess because i have no reason why he'd stand a chance with such a hottie. brandi-ann milbrant has the fortunate role of shae, the quiet virgin smart girl(who is also quite hot)who we know will be the one chosen by the screenplay to survive. jenna jameson drops by long enough to get her heart cut out of her chest(at least we see her breasts momentarily before her chest is opened up)with a few minor lines about two missing friends she's looking for. the film's main problem is that the story and character development grinds to a halt because it's realized that none of them are at all interesting so director christian viel just lets loose his monster to run rampant causing carnage, obliterating an entire cast almost in one fail swoop within ten minutes. oh, and richard grieco has a minor opening cameo as a victim who strayed off the path to tent camp with his chick.

rented a batch of films from blockbuster last night, and this was the first one i watched (it was late on a saturday night, wanted a "horror film fix")...wow, this was awful, almost embarrassingly so... stupid slasher-type story i really thought films like scream had put an end to; amateur actors delivering clichéd' and insipid dialogue that is hard to believe was actually typed and read off a page; and gore scenes that are nothing to get excited about (especially when occurring in a film this poorly scripted).but i've always believed no film is 100% percent totally worthless. here's the few good things i can say about this mess: #1 bobbie phillips: love this actress. she's the only member of the cast who displays any acting talent whatsoever. the only reason i took a chance on renting this is because her name was on the front cover. she acquits her presence in this dreck with professionalism, even though she looks bemused at times that she's acting in such a moronic story.#2 unintentional hilarity: this is the kind of film i can remember seeing back when there were still grind house theaters around the country and they used to include crap like this as the third movie on a triple-bill with some prestige thriller movie that was finally making it's way to the hinterlands. unfortunately, in this direct-to-video age, most viewers have to endure these turkeys alone now without the communal experience of being part of an audience jeering and throwing stuff at the screen because the film is so terrible. which leads to--#3 porn stars trying to act!: mostly on hand because the producers don't need to cajole or plead with them to disrobe for extended sex scenes, but this trade-off usually means they actually get to speak some lines that are supposed to advance a story (other than "ooh yeah baby", or "harder!"). and, proudly, they all deliver expertly at looking foolish when trying to act. i'd almost exclude ginger lynn allen from this group if her character wasn't supposed to be an irish mom and she's actually attempting at times to do an accent, which just keeps the smiles coming.it's nice to look for the positive in all experiences, and that's what i took from this cesspool a.k.a "evil breed"

i really don't get how people made this film and thought it was worth all the work they put into it. even more puzzling are those who watched this film without feeling cheated out of 88 minutes of doing something valuable like cleaning under the couch or reading leviticus. first of all, surely they could have 2 found real irish people, and some good-looking women who could deliver their lines better than the washed up, haggard porn stars sprinkled throughout this film. granted, the gore works- but strangely, it's not as troubling as you might think to see organs yanked out of the porn stars' hot (formerly) tight bodies left and right. probably has something to do with the fact that after their horrific inhuman acting you just want them to die in pain.so, if you don't care at all about the following: - acting (seriously, everyone sucked. i've never witnessed this before. everyone sucked).-plot (some crappy horror movies are remotely linear, or at the very least surprising. this movie doesn't make sense unless you're as trashed as the writers obviously were). - theme (nothing to learn from this film. nothing to be scared about in bed at night, nothing to contemplate or grasp, or explain to others). - soundtrack (crap, crap, crap. music as ordinary and dull as the script). - scenery (could have been this film's saving grace, but no...nothing pleasing here. even the rocks are fake).so, yeah. if you don't care about that, and you're just a horny teen with bad taste in music and "women," this movie is for you. positive comments: interesting cinematography at times, wasted on the other elements. very realistic gore; again, wasted. but the intestines scene is classic. i agree with the mutant- disembowelment solves the fake accent problem.

to call this anything at all would be an insult to everything else. some expletives might describe it, but still too positively. normally one ignores this kind of rubbish, but it was so stupid that one can but despair. would have though that even americans and commercial tv-stations would have given this piece of s**t a miss. but as the germans say: gegen die dummheit kaempfen die goetter selbst vergebens!

weak plot, unlikely car malfunction, and helpless fumbling characters. at first i thought this movie was made during the seventies, since the picture quality, as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old kojac episode. when i checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 i was astonished. this is by far one of the worst and least (thriller) movies i have ever seen.if you read this, be advised, if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting, like watching paint dry.

comment this movie is impossible. is terrible, very improbable, bad interpretation e direction. not look!!!!!

watching this movie made me think constantly; why are they making such a problem out of some broken brakes? there are a million options to slow down the car! in the movie speed the writers a least thought of a good reason why the car wasn't able to stop...there aren't many good things to say about this film; all the usual narrative cliche's make their appearance, the actors are very bad, the story is as leak as a sieve etc. that makes this movie a waste of time and money.

this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen without a doubt. the only thing interesting in this film is the cameo appearances from some great genre directors and king himself. the film has a great premise, but falls apart about 15 minutes into the story. i did like madchen amick in this film and think she could have a very good career in film.

"sleepwalkers" is the first film which stephen king has written a script for. given this, and the excellent santo & johnny song that they used as the theme of the movie, you would be expecting a odd, and ultimately fulfilling viewing experience. unfortunately, that's not what you'd be getting. the thing is, they could have probably made it a good movie. the beginning is intriguing what with it's small town spooky atmosphere. but something strange happens about 20 minutes into the film. the film turns funny for no apparent reason! from that moment on the whole atmosphere of "sleepwalkers" is ruined.for those of you who have seen it, who can ever forget good old johnny screaming out "cop kabob!!" after jabbing the pencil into that one cop's ear?!? but don't get me wrong, the humor has no redeemiing quality. i just rented it again to see if mabye i was wrong the first time around, given how original the plot sounded, but i was right. man, what a waste. i can't believe they got the rights to that santo & johnny song. i gave this a 2.

oh dear me! rarely has a "horror" film bored me, or made me laugh, as much as this one. after a spirited start with an intriguing premise, it descends into not much more than a slasher flick, with some supernatural and sexual asides. the usually excellent alice krige is wasted in this one, and the plot twists are ludicrous. don't bother unless you're really desperate. rating: 3/10.

how is it possible that a movie this bad can be made. bad acting. bad script. just an embarrassment all around. this is just one bad cliché after another.this movie actually has some big name stars in it. unfortunately they're singers and not actors.this movie made hardly any money for a good reason. the appeal of black cowboy movies just isn't there. it's a shame they didn't have a good story to tell. this movie actually has some big name stars in it. unfortunately they're singers and not actors.this movie made hardly any money for a good reason. the appeal of black cowboy movies just isn't there. it's a shame they didn't have a good story to tell.

wait, don't tell me... they threw out the movie and kept the out takes. you know, this movie could have been shot in a back alley in new york. the "gangster bangster" i guess. gangster rap, designer gangster duster clothes including the kerchief which somehow got moved from the neck for protection from the dust storms to the head. i guess it was to protect the head from the heat filtering through the k-mart hats. "budget rent-a-horsie", it seems, supplied the horsies. the one bedroom scene where the girl was talking and the guy was mouthing her words.... i though it was him talking. you know, watching this movie just confirms that, it isn't about the acting anymore... its about looks and it's about the money. couldn't have been too much of that where this movie is concerned. well, all in all, i think that this movie will go down as the all time worst movie ever made. just one more thing though, where was ice t? did he finally get to go on oprah?

pathetic is the word. bad acting, pathetic script, cheezy dialog and hip hop music & fashion...what the hell was up with that? the directer of this movie acts as bad as the movie he made. if someone would have taken some time and effort to rework the whole thing, it may of had a chance. bet the studios are still trying figure out how they could screw up up so badly.the absolute best thing about this movie was stacey dash...the asian chick wasn't too bad neither. these too gals carried the whole movie. if it weren't for them i would have destroyed my copy of this movie.if any of those who have not seen this yet and had a notion to, don't waste your time...you'll only regret it later.

hmm, hip hop music to a period western. modern phrases like "cool" and too many others to keep track of. "the sistahs are in tha house"!?french manicured nails on hard riding girls. microphone packs clearly visible on li'l kim's back. i just can't go on with the litany of errors made by the director and editors.the acting isn't as bad as i've ever seen. the women did well enough with a poor script.it was weird hearing louis mandylor speaking in his native accent.the girls are beautiful. the costumes fabulous albeit completely incorrect. i just can't believe they would dumb down what could have been a great story. i would feel offended to believe that this movie was loaded with such trappings that it would play well in the inner city.

i should have known when i looked at the box in the video store and saw lisa raye - to me, she's the female ernie hudson a.k.a. "le kiss of death" for *any* movie. its almost *guaranteed* the movie will be bad (e.g. congo)if hudson is in it (with the exception of the ghostbusters films, which were intentionally campy and bad). despite my instincts, and the fact that i just saw civil brand, yet another cinematic "tour de force" starring lisa raye, i rented it anyway. after all, i ignored my "hudson instinct" on oz and ended up watching a very quality series so i figured i'd give this movie a chance.if you are a lover of bad movies, this is a definite must see! this has got to be the most unintentionally funny movie i've seen in a loooong time. the plot is fairly straightforward: racheal's (monica calhoun) sister is killed by a band of brigands (led by bobby brown!) and, like many an action movie before this, she straps on her guns one last time and vows to avenge her sisters death. to do this, she reassembles the titular gang of roses (supposedly based on a true story of a female gang) and they go out and exact revenge and, along the way, there's some subplot or something or other about some gold that might be buried in the town. one nice thing i will say about this movie is that from what i could tell, the stars did their own riding and they looked great galloping.the funniest (albiet unintentionally funny) scenes? look for when they introduce stacy dash's character or when calhoun's character rescinds her vow not to strap on her guns (replete with a clenched fisted cry to the heavens) or lil' kim's character joking with lisa raye's character or stacy dash's character being killed or lil' kim's character convincing lisa raye's character to rejoin the gang or the asian chick or macy grey's character talking bout "the debt is paid", etc. with the exception of calhoun's racheal and bobby brown's left-eye, i can't even remember the names of the other characters cuz i was laughing so hard when they were introduced.if the director had gone for parody and broad comedy this would have been a great movie. unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously seemingly without first taking exposition, sound design (in his defense, hip-hop is notoriously difficult to work into a period piece), set design, script writing nor period historical research (was it me,or were these the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west?) seriously. usually when i see a movie that's not so good, i ask myself "could you have done any better?" this is the first time in a long time where the answer is an unequivocal "yes!"

sistas in da hood. looking for revenge and bling bling. except da hood is a wild west town in the late 1800s. i do not remember any westerns like this when i was growing up. what would randolph scott say? if he saw lil' kim, he might say, "alright! i have to admit that i tuned into this just to see her. bare midriffs and low cut blouses are not the staple of the usual cowboy flick, but these are the cowgirls, and they are fine.now, don't go looking for any major story here, and the usual stuff of ghetto crime drama are here in a different setting. and, when's the last time you heard john wayne call someone, "dawg"? and, i don't remember the earp brothers hugging and kissing before they marched to the ok corral.i watch this on bet, so i missed the action that got it an r rating, but i doubt if i will buy the dvd to see it unless i can be assured it was lil' kim in that action.

who? what? where? when? why? the acting was terrible. very robotic, rehearsed. i have seen all of the actors in this film in better roles. the screenplay was very elementary. by the end of this film, the story line was tied up. and jeane claude lamarre should be tied up, too. so that he never attempts to write/direct another film.

oh, come on people give this film a break. the one thing i liked about it was......... sorry, still thinking. oh yeah!!!! when john wayne came and shot up the the bad guys. oh, sorry, wrong movie, i was thinking of a better quality film. let me see now, i'm still trying to defend it. oh yeah, the chick that was from clueless was in it. don't put down stacy dash. i mean, we all make mistakes. but boy, stacy, you made a dooooosie.hey, one thing that has never been done in a western, even an all female cast, they actually hung a woman from the gallows. that might be a western first. even though her neck should have been broken and she survived the ordeal, still, you've got to give the director some effort for trying a western first. also, i've never seen a woman lynched from a horse in any western, although that didn't happen in this movie, i just thought i would give the director another idea for gang of roses#2, which should be made right after ed wood's bride of the monster #2. maybe that was what the makers of this film were going for. orginality, especially with an all african woman cast and an oriental cowgirl.heeey, if the makers of gang of roses want to make a sequel to this mess, you could have such slang like, "hey, don't you be takin about my homegirls" and "talk to the hand, baby, talk to the hand." you could also have a surfer dude type deputy marshal that says things like, "that gunfight was totally rad man, totally." you know things like that.

an absolute steaming pile of cow dung. it's mind-blowing to me that this film was even made. hip-hop and old westerns just don't seem to mix. what target audience were these people thinking of when planning this trainwreck.not only is the concept and plot a joke, but the acting is atrocious and the fact that some decent actors were even in this nightmare of a film makes their entire careers a laughing stock. the chick from clueless should never be forgiven and she is stripped of any remaining dignity she had. after reading the first ten pages of dialogue she should have been asking which one of her friends was playing this sick joke. after some research, i actually found a list of some other actors who passed on this film: jada pinkett-smith, denzel washington, brandy, monique, kim kardasian, jenna jameson, oprah, and finally marge simpson.simply put, i would rather stare at a blank tv than watch this movie again.

the costumes, the dialog, historical accuracy are terrible. for instance, - stacey dash and the hanging scene. the noose was accurate ( as for as i could tell), but that type of noose broke the person's neck. ms. dash is left hanging at the end of the rope with no ill effects until the rope was shot. this type of not did not strangle the person, it killed them at the end of the drop.and right before they go in to rob a bank (in a flashback), they pause on the street for a group hug - with their bandannas hiding their faces - that would have been obvious to people on the street.the poor editing - that is a battery pack under that shirt and it is obvious, the clip of the "long ride" shows them riding along, then reverses the film.i did like the fact that they kept the scene with the horse taking a crap - it seemed symbolic. the entire movie was crap.

must have to agree with the other reviewer. this has got to be the worst movie, let alone western i have ever seen. terrible acting, dialogue that was unimaginative and pathetic (let alone completely inappropriate for supposedly being in the 1800s), and oh, did i mention a battery pack prominently displayed on the back of one of the characters? i was waiting for the boom mike to fall in the middle of a scene. and the ending? the least i can say is that it was consistent with the rest of the movie...completely awful. and yes, it did contain every cliché in the book from the slow walk down the empty dusty road to the laughable "let's remember when" shots when a main character dies. luckily i saw this on free tv. don't waste your time.

this was an excellent idea and the scenery was beautiful but that's where it ends. it seemed like a lackluster set it off meets the west. the plot barely made any sense. there were so many characters and not enough time to develop their personalities. there were too may unnecessary things going on that didn't pertain to the plot nor did it help further the story along. there were also long blank moments where the plot could have been explored but was used for silence or unnecessary conversations. the script should have made more sense as well as the directing. i had a huge question mark on my head watching this movie. but the casting was great in my opinion. if you're only watching for eye candy then this is the movie for you.

alright, i got passed the horrible acting. i got passed the fact that lil kim was blasting some cannons and her arms or hands weren't moving, i got passed the weaves, i got passed the colored contacts.this is what killed it for me: in the scene where the four roses were sitting at the table arguing. lisa-raye and monica calhoun stand up and, and then lil kim gets up to break up any hostilities by saying, "whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up. let's chill out here for a hot second." i am a fan of the western movie genre, and i never heard anyone talk slang like this in any of clint eastwood's movies.if anyone thinks this movie deserves over a 1 rating, please tell me another movie that's worse than gang of roses.i'm through.

i would have liked to give this movie a zero but that wasn't an option!! this movie sucks!!! the women cannot act. i should have known it was gonna suck when i saw bobby brown. nobody in my house could believe i hadn't changed the channel after the first 15 minutes. the idea of black females as gunslingers in the western days is ridiculous. it's not just a race thing, it's also a gender. the combination of the two things is ridiculous.i am sorry because some of the people in the movie aren't bad actors/actresses but the movie itself was awful. it was not credible as a movie. it might be 'entertaining' to a certain group of people but i am not in that group. lol. and using a great line from a great, great movie..."that's all i have to say about that."

this could be a strong candidate for "the worst flick ever". perhaps without the presence of john hurt, it could be tolerated as a kid-film. however, the tragedy of this entire endeavor, is that john hurt, one of the screen's greatest actors, diminishes himself in this....i gave it two points just because mr. hurt showed up...i take away 8 points, because he didn't run from it fast enough. as far as the rest of the cast, they are, simply, terrible. janine turner, as pretty as she might be, cannot act to save her soul. and the lead actor is, for all intents and purposes, awful. if you can spare yourself this embarrassment, please do so. it's so bad, it almost hurts.

so what's the big fuss out of making an indiana jones wannabe when you have an actor who's cast as a fictional dude from adventure storybooks who doesn't want to go out on an adventure??? whoever wrote the script for jake speed was probably fired, but for whatever reasons possible, this movie greatly lacks in excitement! that doesn't mean it has no action, but look on the dark side of the picture. this has got to bare no resemblance to indiana jones or other action-adventure thrills containing cliffhangers and narrow escapes, and jake speed was promoted that way using clever propaganda to make me and several others interested in it! besides, i've never heard of the guy, so who needs his attention?

don't let the name of this film deceive you, in reality jake speed the character is quite possibly the laziest action hero ever known to film. when jake speed is not saving virgin girls from evil madmen, which he is often not, he's seriously relaxing. perhaps this adds to his charm, but in my opinion an action hero is not suppose to "chill out" whenever he gets the chance. furthermore, unlike other daring heros who usually have an impressive list of talents, this man has none, unless of course you call sleeping a talent. anyhow, this movie is basically worthless, the writing is sub par and the action, when there is some, is very lame. (the machine guns on the jeep weren't bad, but that's about it) so, if you're in the mood to watch a movie that is a cure for insomnia, then this piece is perfect for you - it has a hero that not only puts himself to sleep, but also his audience.

franco rossi's 1985 six-hour italian mini-series of quo vadis is a very curious beast, creating an absolutely convincing ancient roman world shot in matter of fact fashion (very few long shots, no big cityscapes), but playing the drama down so much in favour of allusions to classical literature and history that the story constantly gets lost in the background.the shifting structure (much of episode one is played out via voice over letters) and lack of narrative urgency makes the full six-hour version simultaneously demanding and undemanding, and certainly far too often uninvolving, but it has something going for it. the two main strengths are the characterisation of petronius (a thankfully dubbed frederic forrest, whose own voice would almost certainly flatten his dialogue) as a man whose spent so long looking for an astute angle to survive court life that he's become incapable of experiencing emotion, and klaus maria brandauer's unique take on nero as a wannabe actor whose every move and action is calculated on how his 'audience' will receive it. elsewhere, max von sydow briefly appears in a few episodes, being rewarded with the show's most impressive and genuinely moving scene here he encounters a child as he attempts to leave rome. it's the kind of thing the show could do with more of, but it seems all too often to flatten every potentially emotional, inspiring or exciting moment under it's relentlessly low-key direction.unfortunately francesco quinn makes a staggeringly anonymous hero, blending in with the walls and coming over less as a roman officer than that quiet, slightly gormless but inoffensive guy who works in the same office as you who never says much at office parties - you know, the one who you think is called dave or something like that. the budgetary limitations are very visible once its meet the lions time for the christians and ursus battle with the bull is so determinedly low key that it just passes over you before the show just abruptly loses interest and suddenly ends.not a trip i can particularly recommend, i'm afraid, but if you do embark on it it's one not entirely without its small rewards.

this film, originally released at christmas, 1940, was long thought lost. a very poor copy has resurfaced and made into a cd, now for sale. don't buy it! the film is unspeakably terrible. the casting is poor, the script is awful, and the directing is dreadful.picture roland young singing and dancing. and that was the highlight.perhaps this movie was lost deliberately.

well i just paid a dollar for a dvd of this movie, and it wasn't even worth that. it seems to be from a poor print and is in the public domain, i am guessing.neagle - despite her glory, awards, and reputation - is a homely british gal who can't sing or dance or act.some of the fine old hollywood character actors on display here must have thought they were doing a classic. director herbert wilcox (neagle's husband) always thought anna was the most exciting and talented femme on the screen. he was mistaken. she was improbably popular in britain before and after wwii. her "serious" roles are even more ludicrous than her musical appearance here.only a couple of the famous songs are included and neither one is well presented. skip this one and find the one that stars doris day. at least you get some real comedy and professional style dancing!

this sad little film bears little similarity to the 1971 broadway revival that was such a 'nostalgic' hit. keep in mind that when burt shevelove directed that revival, he rewrote the book extensively. i have a feeling that this screenwriter wrought as much of a change from the original 1925 version as well. i played the 'innocent philanderer' jimmy smith on-stage in 1974, and thought this $1 dvd would bring back memories. not a chance. even the anticipated delight of seeing "topper" roland young play 'my' part was a major disappointment. three songs from the play remain, and are done very poorly. even the classic duet, "tea for two", is done as a virtual solo. the many familiar faces in this 1940 fiasco do not do themselves proud at all, and the star, anna neagle, just embarrasses herself. when i feel gypped by spending a dollar, i know the film must be bad. another commentator mentioned the doris day version, which is actually called "tea for two" and is about doing the stage play (the original, of course), so those who are seeking the true "no no nanette" might find a more recognizable version there.

this version is likely available at your local dollar store on dvd. the print is not great, nor is the sound, but if you have $1.00 and 90 or so minutes to spare, you'll get your money's worth (which is not saying an awful lot). anna neagle is extremely vapid as nanette. whatever her charms may have been back in the day, they are not evident in this film. a great number of fine character actors appear in this film (helen broderick, zasu pitts, even arden), but the material falls remarkably short of their talents. still, it is interesting to see how such accomplished performers make the most of the weak writing. the musical numbers (there are really only two) are quite horrible. clearly the studio did not feel compelled to cash in on the rich musicality of the original "no, no, nanette". for what it's worth, the dvd can be had for $1.00. it's worth that much just to say you've seen it.

my roommate got the no, no, nanette soundtrack as a dub on a tape and she proceeded to listen to it non-stop. after it finally totally brainwashed me into submission, i found the songs to be irresistible, especially the famous, i want to be happy, but i can't be happy... but of coarse from the soundtrack i had no idea what the film was about. so the other day i saw a copy of it at the video store and i rented what was supposed to be a long lost version of the film. i was thinking that it was going to be amazing, because the soundtrack is so cute. unfortunately most of the songs that i loved were nowhere to be found in the video i saw. now i've never seen the 1930 version of the musical but this version was sadly disappointing because there was very little singing and practically no dancing and beside that the sound was really bad through out and you couldn't really understand what people were saying a lot of the time. really the only highlights of this film were the outrageous 1940's fashion. nanette wears this crazy hat with two feathers that stick out like rabbit ears and kansas kitty has this bizarre feather muff that she keeps on her fore arm and then has herself wrapped in this net scarf. the one dance sequence is a little weird too with nanette doing this weird ballet stuff with pin-up girl imagery superimposed on top of her. actually one more bright spot of the film was the artist guillespe who dreams of being a fine artist but it currently condemned to drawing pin-up girls for money. i like how guillespe keeps it old school, and disses nanette when his masterpiece, the piece that was to make his career, is sold by nanette for a paltry $5250. doesn't she realize that that piece was his immortality? silly rabbit/girl with your feather rabbit ears on your hat. when will you learn? why doesn't he just pencil in a cigarette before the ad men take the work away?

at the end of this episode holmes asks watson not to record the case for posterity.for a good reason! the super sleuth left his little grey cells(sorry agatha)at home for this tale. there is no deductive reasoning,no acute analysis of signs at crime scenes. holmes bumbles along fifty yards behind the plot. the dastardly cam is finally dealt to by an old frail-in a manner that would have made charles bronson's heart swell with pride-six bullets in the breadbasket.in an ensuing chase a pursuer gets hold of one of watson's shoes.mercifully the writer didn't decide to tack on the story of cinderella to lengthen the film.the murderess,holmes and watson,escape scot free. oh well,it is a bit of a change of pace in late victorian london.a bit of sixgun law:-)

i found the pace to be glacial and the original story blown way out of proportion to the content. my wife slept through most of it and i did not try to wake her because i felt she was not missing anything.when holmes and watson enter the house and then are potentially caught, it is unclear how they could hide all of their entry and burglary tools so quickly. it is also unclear how the door to the study is locked, preventing the servants from getting in.the thing that puzzled me was right at the end when there was a glint in the eye of the broken statute. i have no clue what this was supposed to represent.

why were there so many people crowding into an evening showing of roberto moreira's "up against them all" ("contra todos") at the san francisco film festival? "it's about a hit man," my friend said. "well. . . and it's brazilian," i added. beautiful multicolored people, tropical weather, lush rhythms, and a hip gangster plot? ample enticements no doubt.somebody forgot to tell us one little detail: this is a very bad movie, really pretty horrible, and as unpleasant to watch as it is poorly made.so how on earth did "contra todos" get to make the rounds of berlin, melbourne, london, manila, stockholm, cairo, chicago, numerous smaller local festivals, and now san francisco? apparently, because of the way the promotional process and the film festival circuit work.first of all, it won first prize at the rio film festival where it was called the best brazilian movie of the year. it must have been a bad year; they've had much, much better ones. next, snappy synopses in catalogs plus imaginary buzz lead to crowded auditoriums and -- since the movie isn't featured anywhere and so avoids close scrutiny by critics -- it keeps going the rounds.festival blurbs aimed at promotion sometimes goose it up a lot. a chicago festival one called "contra todos" "a speedball cocktail shot straight out of brazil" and referred to claudia's s boyfriend as the "stud of the slum-like neighborhood." soninha is "teodoro's nymph-like teen-aged daughter of burgeoning sexuality." the movie is "shot with the urgency of a frequently hand-held camera" and the director "works up a genuine and palpable sense of frustration borne from domestic desperation and decay." the effect is " unbearably raw and honest," and the movie hurtles "toward a conclusion as dead-ended as the lives on display." not the best writing, but it sure pumps up the excitement for a certain kind of potential viewer."contra todos" does concern a hit man, two hit men actually, and a wife and daughter and a born-again christian girlfriend. it's shot -- in execrably ugly digital video with no talent behind the camera-work -- mostly in a barren-looking poor suburb rather than in one of the teeming "favelas" or village-like brazilian city slums where such wonderful films as "black orpheus", "pixote," and "city of god" were made, and not in rio this time, but são paulo.the hit man with family problems is teodoro ( giulio lopez) and his partner with a drug problem is waldomiro (ailtan graça). both actors have a little tv experience as does the actress who plays teodoro's sluttish blonde wife cláudia (leona cavalli) and silvia lorenço who plays his pouting, ready-to-revolt daughter soninha. these actors might make it through the back corners of a few telenovelas. who knows? -- in a better directed film they might even be good. aside from them there are some young men who get bumped off by teordoro or, when he's busy, gangs of thugs. the principals don't work up much presence, even though the camera magnifies their pores.a couple of observers, one at the berlin festival and one at london's, did see this movie's failings but alas they're buried in the web hinterlands. henry sheehan noted from berlin that the "film" (his quotes) was "the worst of the video works" shown. "the filmmaker seems to have chosen video simply because it was a cheap alternative to film," sheehan wrote, "and hasn't made any creative use of the new medium" -- nor, he adds, done anything else creative.sheehan pointed out the movie's first big mistake: it "starts off as a domestic drama that's supposed to ratchet up when, half an hour into the action, moreira reveals that the father and one of his friends are professional hit men. waiting the thirty minutes adds nothing to the movie; it seems like a perfectly arbitrary decision and is, at the very least, a waste of time. but ratcheting up is all moreira ever does, like a little kid who's gotten a tool kit for his birthday, and goes around banging everything in sight without rhyme, reason or skill." devastating, but true.writing about the 2004 london festival for kamera.com, metin alsanjak tried to look at the positive side but nonetheless gave away the lack of redeeming features in calling the performances "easily the film's best feature." yes, very easily, given that everything else is so bad. alsanjak admitted that " this low-budget, violent and seedy account of the lawless in sao paulo is devoid of any likable characters, and as a result, of hope. too dark and cynical to be a telling account of the human condition, the film is not helped by poor subtitling.. ." alsanjak's connecting contra todos to "dogme" and mike leigh didn't help matters.apart from that meaningless first half hour in which nothing redeems the boredom of our wait for the first acts of violence -- which, when they come, are just "banging everything in sight without rhyme, reason or skill" -- moreira clumsily tries to redeem his abrupt finale by adding what appear to be outtakes right after it, followed by an implausible ironic concluding scene where one of the characters gets married. no doubt the director wanted to exhibit the "banality of evil" of low-level hit men in working class neighborhoods, but he can't make the characters, which he sees generically, come alive for us. and the structure of the film shows that he also can't edit his material. (seen at the san francisco international film festival on april 28, 2005.)

i saw this dvd in my friends house and thought that this was a turkish action movie with some hollywood-not very big-names in it. interested enough i decide to give it a shot later.. it was a tough to bear experience believe me. then, after finally seeing the credits roll i tought 'we turks really suck at hollywood style film making.. this is an insult to the heist|hostage movie genre..' but then wait! i checked some names and no, they were not turkish names and no, this was not a turkish movie; on the contrary it was literally shot in america with an american director & crew! that made me thinking-again!- how on earth can you persuade names like micheal madsen, edward furlong or even arnold vosloo to take part in such a project? with money probably.. that kept me thinking further.. how can you raise such amount of money to offer them and a supposedly international cast? then all my meditation paid off and i came to find the answer.by hiring the cheapest equipment and crew that you can find. and if you still have to difficulty in adjustin your budget then: by writing and directing the movie you are trying to produce-or vice versa i don't have any information on that-. so bottom line this is not a bad movie as everybody are so anxious to present as.. it makes you think -in my case even meditate- and there are a lot of movies outthere that doesn't give even that affect.. this one at least makes you think; it makes you wonder.. it leaves you with disbelief.. and then it makes you wonder again..

on the 26th of september 1983 a short dumpy 60 year old woman stood trial for the attempted murder of leonie haddad, a lady whose husband had recently died and had agreed to take in a lodger who came via a housing authority for the elderly. haddad was not made aware that her new lodger had, in fact, come fresh from the patton state mental hospital where she had been incarcerated for an inexplicable knife attack on a married couple three years previously. haddad soon realised that something was 'rotten in denmark' when the woman began to lock herself in the bathroom with a tape recorder reciting prophesies about' seven gods'. haddad's fears were confirmed one night when she awoke to find her lodger sitting astride her chest holding a bread knife announcing that "god has inspired me to kill you". haddad managed to knock her assailant out with a telephone but not before she had lost a finger and suffered deep lacerations to her face and chest. it was a miracle she survived. the lodger was judged to be innocent by reason of insanity but sent, kicking and screaming, back to the laughing academy. ten years later she was released and found that she was now a celebrity; but not for the brutal attacks on her innocent victims, but for her incarnation of 25 years earlier when she was known as the 'queen of the curve's, the 'tennessee tease' and 'miss pin up girl of the world' - the notorious bettie page. director mary harron, mainly known for 'american psycho' takes us back to the glory days of a legendary cheesecake and bondage model (played solidly enough by gretchen mol) who inadvertently wrote the blue print for fetish iconography and whose influence can be detected in everything from comic books to catwalks. t.n.b.p is day-glo fun ride through an evocative depiction of the 1950's where page, with the familial help of good intentioned boyfriends and photographers, becomes the number one star of pocket sized men's glossies with titles like wink, tab and parade. her real dream of movie stardom evades her and a brush with the authorities over obscenity charges in 1957 is the inciting incident which leads her to retire from modelling and give herself to god. the overall style of the film is light and frothy and only darkens momentarily with an allusion to her father's incestuous attentions and a sexual assault which inexplicably appears to have no discernible effect on her. mol plays page as she seems in her photographs, happy, carefree and fun - even the bondage shots betray little more than a good humoured incomprehensibility. the film ends on the upbeat with page cheerfully handing out bibles in a park with no indication of the real life unhappy marriages, personal tragedy and decent into murderous insanity which lay before her; avoiding what i think is the essential core of page's story - rebirth and resurrection. having emerged from a decade of incarceration page found that her cult had been in the ascendance since the mid 1980's and that she had become a huge underground icon, during which, many were asking "whatever happened to bettie page". her 'mysterious' disappearance fed the fires of any number of conspiracy theories only adding to the allure of her legend. when the world's media finally caught up with her she gave no hint of her darker past and she was soon giving interviews for magazines, t.v and being photographed at playboy parties with the likes of pamela anderson and the equally tragic anna nicole smith. she found that she was now more famous than she ever was in her 'glory years' but in the glare of this 'resurrection' it was only a matter of time before the full story would come to light. the only notorious thing about the notorious bettie page is they left out the part when she became truly notorious.

first of all i must admit batman: the animated series is the best batman series by far. we watched it when it used to be on tv. i didn't realize that there was a season four. actually there wasn't. btas ends with season 3, and it should have stopped there.why did they have to mess with a good thing. catwoman and poison ivy now have terrible grey faces. the joker looks beyond scary, it seems that each time they revise his appearance he looks more and more creepier. he doesn't seem to have pupils anymore, and now he doesn't even look remotely human (although he is).bruce wayne is voiced by kevin conroy who does the best batman. although he now looks like superman. there is nothing that sets him apart because they both look the same, bruce wayne now has blue eyes.night wing really needs a haircut, please! alfred just has pupils from eyes, looks more like a character from the 80's.i have watched three episodes from disc 1 in the series and i already find that this version is more violent and graphic (there is blood in every episode).if you are a fan of batman: the animated series, there is no batman season 4. they just included this series as season 4 for marketability. if they just released it as the new batman adventures i don't think as many people would have bought it.save yourself the disappointment and stick to seasons 1-3.

if this series supposed to be an improvement over batman - the animated series, i, for one, think it failed terribly. the character drawing is lousy... (catwoman, for instance, looks awful...) but what really annoyed me is that it made batman look like a sort of wimp who just can't take care of himself in a battle, without the help of two, even three sidekicks. i mean, he's batman, for god's sake! i know the comic books, i know that nightwing and batgirl are supposed to be batman's allies, besides robin, but still... making batman say that he needs help from them... what, he can't handle a few punches? in btas, he could face a dozen adversaries without any problem... he's getting old? come on...and another thing: i really don't think that batman would allow a kid like tim drake to go into battle that soon, without years of hard training. one, it's irresponsible (and batman is everything, but irresponsible), and two, it's not what happened in the comics, if we are to remain faithful to them.batman - the animated series made history, with its animation, its stories and its characters... that really was a legend of batman. the new adventures series turned the legend into just another batman flick.

i rented this one on dvd without any prior knowledge. i was suspicious seeing michael madsen appearing in a movie i have never heard of, but it was a freebie, so why not check it out.well my guess is that mr. blonde would very much like to forget he's ever taken part in such a shame of a film.apparently, if your script and dialogs are terrible, even good actors cannot save the day. not to mention the amateur actors that flood this film. too many non-native-english-speakers play parts of native-english-speakers, reading out lines from a script that should have been thrown away and not having been made into a movie. it's unbelievable how unbelievable all the lines in the movie sound. the music is awful and totally out of place, and the whole thing looks and sounds like a poor school play.i recommend you watch it just so you would appreciate other, better, movies. this is why i gave it a 3 instead of the 1 it deserves.

i couldn't believe how lame & pointless this was. basically there is nothing to laugh at in the movie, hardly any scenes to get you interested in the rest of the movie. this movie pulled in some huge stars but they were all wasted in my opinion. i think keanu reeves must've taken some acting lessons a fews years after this movie before he stared in the matrix. uma thurman looked very simple & humble. luckily i got this movie for a very low price because its certainly not a movie to remember for any good reasons. i won't write anything about the story of the movie, but as you should know that she is meant to be the most famous hitchhiker across america because of her huge thumb. i would give this movie a 2 / 10. before i watched this movie i was wondering why this movie has only got a 4.0/10, & now i know why. a very disappointing movie. don't buy it even if you see it for under $5.

no one should ever try to adapt a tom robbins book for screen. while the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is crap when spoken. or, to put it another way, no one would be likely to suggest that hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.overall, the movie feels like a badly-adapted cliffs notes to the book - most of the parts have been hacked down to a fifth of their size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and unpleasantly) different from that of the book. most of the plots from the book have gotten lost, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say "huh?" not a worthy effort, unfortunately - the script should have been read, compared to the book, burned, and all the actors sent off to do something far better. i admire gus van sant tremendously, but not even someone of his calibre could have made a decent movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries.

uma thurman plays sissy, a young woman with a gypsy spirit (and freakishly large thumbs) who hitchhikes cross-country, eventually finding her true place amongst a group of peyote-enlightened cowgirls on a ranch devoted to preserving the whooping crane; rain(bow) phoenix is their lesbian leader, bonanza jellybean, who falls in love with sissy, thumbs or not. gus van sant directed and adapted tom robbins' book, but his satire has no primary target and just skitters all over the map, like sissy (maybe that was his goal, but it's not involving for an audience). notorious box-office flop wasn't so much panned as it was ignored, and one can see why: it's a series of sketches in search of a plot, and the performances, directorial touches and cinematography are all variable. thurman is a stitch posing alongside the highway trying to get a ride, but this pretty much put the kibosh on phoenix's career. writer buck henry (who didn't write this, but perhaps should have) gives the most assured performance as the doctor who works on one of those thumbs.two thumbs down.

i absolutely love all of tom robbins books, so i was very excited and interested to see a movie made after one of his books. i knew that there would be no way that the movie would capture even half of robbins' magic, but after seeing the movie, it made me never want to read the book again. the movie even cowgirls get the blues doesn't include an eighth of the content in the book, and it seems to focus more on the love connection between bonanza jellybean and sissy than anything else. along with the incredibly weak plot line in the movie, i think that better actors definitely could have been chosen to play the characters. the only actors in the movie that i thought played their roles fit to robbins' descriptions in the book were julian's friends, in their five minute clip in the beginning of the movie. those who haven't read the book might enjoy the movie, but as a huge tom robbins fan, this movie was nothing but a disappointment.

i love movies. i love independent efforts and major studio productions. i love films with stars and i love those featuring unknowns. i love dramas, comedies, action-adventures, science fiction, mysteries, westerns, any genre except horror. i love foreign films as well as those in english. i love good movies and i even love bad ones, because almost no film ever fails to entertain or amuse on some level. except for "even cowgirls get the blues."when i attended a late-night showing of "cowgirls," i joined an audience of around 10. less than halfway into it, i alone remained. soon not even i could tolerate the disturbing mess unfolding before my eyes, and i left as well. to this day "cowgirls" remains the only movie i have ever walked out of.i don't quite know how to describe this incoherent, vacuous, trashy, meaningless film, or how to adequately convey its lack of redeeming value. suffice to say that it ranks as one of the worst major films of all time, preposterous and inexcusable on every level. it tries to be clever, but its conception of feminism seems hopelessly anachronistic. it tries to be funny, but its humor is coarse and cringe-worthy. this is one of the few films which manages to profane its own ethos, by depicting protagonists in so off-putting a manner that you revolt against them and their values. if you want to watch a movie, watch "waterworld," "ishtar," anything but this. except for the new "alexander." if you're choosing between that and this, read a book instead.

we actually watched this twice in the theater because we could not believe how bad it was the first time. maybe we'd missed something... nope, what's missing was missed from the beginning of preproduction. i actually went back to robbin's novel to see if i could find the problem, and i discovered that what i thought was funny and exciting back in the day is now just so much disconnected and fuzzy-headed junk.so, the initial problem with the film was deciding to do it at all, and the rest of the train wreck progressed from there. absolutely nothing works - not a blessed thing. some beautiful exterior photography gets steamrolled by random camera placement in interior shots. all of the actors look at least uncomfortable - angie dickenson looks positively mortified - except for rain phoenix, who gives the impression that she is too unaware to realize how awful her performance really is. the dialog is one, long, unwavering cringe. scenes don't make sense from second to second, and the connections between them are nonexistent. and yet, the movie stumbles blindly on, convinced that it is saying something profound.this is too bad to even be funny; it is simply excruciating. gus van zant has done other good-to-great movies which i encourage you to see, and i'm happy he survived (and appears to have learned from) this mess.

i have to congratulate the genius who approved this one. edward furlong, you're not as good as you think mate, you can't grab on every piece of low-cost amateur crap, which sole intention has to be to get some bucks.the filming is bad, and i mean bad. anyone with a camera would get the same result, or better.the acting, lets just say: don't go to the supermarket looking for actors. the good ones usually come with a degree or, at least, have some damn experience! the director.. mr. jon keeyes, please find your purpose in life, as a director you simply suck. your directing is poor, the angles are all messed up (not in a good way), the lines seem as if they're being read out of toilet paper, and the damn music.. it always comes up when it shouldn't and goes out for no apparent reason. and don't go for writer either, by the way. making movies isn't like serving on a coffeshop, it requires art and skill, things i really doubt you'll ever have.instead of making a badass shootout movie, you should've shot this one back to oblivion and wait 'till something good came up.. or just go find a job on a coffeshop. you'll have less stress and you'll save movie goers some money and a bad night.vote: 1/10 (my first one)

sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful it has a destructive effect on your morale. you begin to really ask yourself, what does it mean for our society that the standard is so terribly low? can they honestly expect that we'll endure this many clichés and still be entertained?of course, it is still a hollywood mainstay to make the gun the major character, plot device, and the source of all conflict and resolution in films. character needs a gun. gets a gun. can't do that because he has a gun. puts his gun down first. oh my god what are we going to do!? he has a gun! he waves it around, acting more malicious than real human beings ever do. he pushes it in someone's face for 90 minutes, shouting questions. the hallmark of any conclusion will be the comforting sound of police sirens. it's a real challenge to make such a tired, hackneyed formula work again; a film has to be very clever and well executed. this one is neither. it has no life and no personality, and it will suck these components from you. it will make you feel worse about living in the time and space that you do. really, who needs that!? so yes, i'll say it: i think this may well be the worst film i have ever seen. anyone who was involved in the making of this sub- mediocre soul killing trash should be publicly embarrassed for the disservice they've done to us all.

i actually like asylum movies. i've made it a habit to see as many as possible. even the rip-offs they've done have been cool like exorcism and when a killer calls. this is just plain lame. i can't believe that the same people who made dead men walking and dracula's curse actually made this movie too!!! it's not even laughably bad like jolly roger or alien abduction (which, by the way are pretty bad). this is just bad! i mean, i can appreciate and/or forgive bad acting or lame special effects in an asylum movie, but this film takes itself way too seriously. i really hope that snakes on a train is better. now that's a movie i can't wait to see.

this really doesn't match up to castle of cagliostro. lupin isn't as funny or wacky or as hyperactive. the scenery and music are uninspired and plot just isn't interesting. the only good thing about this 'un is the nudity (only in the uncut version) provided by fujiko. it helped spice up some of the tedious scenes. coc had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set-pieces. the locations in tsotg are not very vivid or engaging. zenigata, goemon and jigen don't even provide decent sideshow entertainment this time. it's like they were just filling a contractual obligation by appearing. the dvd is in full-frame with dolby stereo sound. it has a decent amount of extras, including quite a few trailers. but one curious thing. there is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted. though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote.

the waterdance (1991) the main character of the waterdance, played by eric stoltz, finds himself in a rehab center with some others similarly injured. and there he must face an harsh new life, confined to a wheelchair. it's an interesting, and promising premise, but unfortunately, it fails to deploy. what ensues instead is largely hollywood schmaltz, with some interesting moments. certainly the cast (eric stoltz, william forsythe, wesley snipes, et al) is brilliant, and perform well here as one would expect, but their talents are wasted. the characters are mainly stereotypes of one kind or another, and most of them are thoroughly unlikeable (the snipes character being the exception). i suppose this is some kind of attempt to break through people's ideas about the handicapped being "crippled" or "weak", by depicting them, for the most part, as in-your-face pricks, but it makes for an entirely annoying experience. admittedly it will show you something of what those with permanent disabilities go through, in a way that is not softened or romanticized, which is useful, and a good idea, but while the process being depicted can make one a difficult person to get along with, and that's worth dealing with, it is not part and parcel to that that these characters must be, to varying degrees, despicable. they wouldn't have to be disneyfied, either; surely there's a middle ground somewhere. by the film's conclusion, the eric stoltz character has come to accept his status as a handicapped person, but since he is such a flaming narcissistic monster from the beginning of the film to the end, we couldn't care less. in addition to its character problems, the film suffers from that weird syndrome that so many hollywood movies suffer from; the syndrome doesn't really have an official name, but you might call it "inexplicable forgiveness syndrome". it goes something like this: characters abuse the crap out of each other, and then without so much as an apology, all is forgiven (an especially obnoxious example of this is in the movie the breakfast club, in which one character spends most of the film verbally bullying everybody within earshot; as a result…they love him. in one of the the latest examples, spiderman 3, supervillain the sandman lays waste to a chunk of manhattan, then wails on spiderman for what seems like about 15 monotonous minutes before being waved off with what amounts to "bye, now"). the most egregious example of ifs in the waterdance is a sequence in which, after being called the n-word by william forsythe's racist biker character and his friends in the previous scene, the wesley snipes character whoops it up with the same forsythe character in the next scene, as if nothing had just happened just a short time hence. again, without so much as an "oh yeah, sorry about that business back there where i, you know, called you the n-word". it makes me wonder, do these people actually watch these movies before they release them, or do they just film them with their eyes closed, kind of slap them together in the editing room according to scene number, and call it a day's work?

this story had a different angle that intrigued me, enough to buy a previously-viewed vhs sight-unseen. that was a mistake.in what could have been a very nice story - about badly crippled people at a hospital, and their various personalities - turned quickly into a very profane soap opera with unlikeable characters.we have "bloss" (william forsythe) the stereotype racist white person, who says the f-word every other sentence and is so despicable they didn't give him a first name in the movie. he's a lot of fun to be around. then, there is "raymond hill" (wesley snipes), a fast-talking womanizer. snipes must have liked those fast-talking "hip" arrogant roles because he played in a number of them, like in "white men can't jump." then there is sweet helen hunt playing "anna" that wonderful caring, loving person who is having an adulterous affair with the leading character in the film, "joel garcia" (eric stoltz).yup, this is heartwarming, feel-good type stuff. it just makes my heart melt watching these nice folks. but, if you are one of those who loves sleazy characters portrayed by sleazy people in this sleazy film.....you might really like this! add in a dose of hollywood political correctness and there you go! what more could anyone want?

to summarize this movie: without a real plot, this movie consists of 80 minutes of deranged characters either drinking or making bad jokes. the music is just awful, the humor isn't funny and all the female characters slutty idiots or total geeks. it seems to me, that the movie has actually been written by a 14 year old boy, who thinks that drinking is cool, women are designed to please men and all that oppose that view are geeks. also, the movie has nothing to do with the original american pie movies, other than a few names and mr. levenstein who is a minor character in this one. the only good thing about this movie are the nice looking girls. don't watch this movie and don't be fooled by the 5.4 rating, because it obviously overrated and doesn't deserve anything above 2.

i have to say that i used to be a huge fan of the series. the first 3 were great and the others had their moments, but this new beta house is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. it is a shame since this was a great series and it just keeps getting worse. i know they are made for dvd films but some effort would be nice.there are no laughs, just a couple of good one-liners that will bring a smile if that. there is pretty of nudity and very hot chicks. but neither the sexy stuff nor the jokes really work.to add to all that this is a racist film too or as racist of a film one can make without asking to be called racist. i am not one of those people who think everything should be politically correct. but the portrayal of minorities is very offensive.i wouldn't waste any time on this garbage. see the previous versions, they will make you laugh not sick.

photography was too jumpy to follow. dark scenes hard to see.had good story line too bad it got lost somewhere. too noisy for what was really happening bottom line is it's a baddddd movie

assuming this won't end up a straight-to-video release, i would have to say void this title at all costs. unless you're bored of good, well-executed movies, that is. i saw this last night at afi dallas, and i left with 20 minutes remaining, simply because i didn't care anymore (about the plot, not about insulting the director...that is awkward). when you can spot a goof only 5 minutes into the movie (a shot out, shattered window before any shots are fired...and then the window breaks with the first shot), things are going to bad. let's just say this is only an indicator of things to come...unfortunately.i'll spare you all the details, but this is sub-par in every manner, even the half-assed acting by michael madsen is disappointing when you're expecting half-assed acting from him. and the rape scene...christ! "shut up and take it" should never be used in a rape scene. ever.3/10

well, i can and will be very short. this is a wrong-balanced, non-convincing film that could have been a little bit better. the script seems to not know which way to go ... from funny to cliche-wise serious... it's a bit silly. that plus too much sentences we have heard before "the hacker is in florida, or no, he is in madrid, no he is in ... , he is screwing the signal". 4 out of 10

jamie foxx is fun but this movie has been done before. the bad guy plays a "malkovichian" character from "in the line of fire". the cops will do anything to find the bad guy - and of course the good guy has two sets of bad guys and one set of cops after him - all the while he is just trying to turn over a new leaf...

jamie foxx is my favorite comedian. however, i feel that he sold out in order to gain his first big budget lead role. foxx follows in the footsteps of the likes of chris tucker, martin lawrence and dave chapple, who have all seen their talents wasted by stereotyping producers who think black males who commit pretty crimes is a funny concept (see: money talks, blue streak).okay i laughed a few times and granted all of these comedians continue to pick up hilarious roles, but i would love to see these guys branch out ala marlon wayans portrayal in requiem to a dream. or in living color's tommy davidson and damon wayans moving performances in spike lee's satire bamboozled.

it's not really about gymnastics; swap out the occasional training montages and it could just as easily be about archery, or microbiology, or a booger-flicking tournament. instead, like every other rocky/flashdance derivative that flooded the 80s market, it's about conquering adversity with stick-to-it-iveness, rendering all social/personal realities irrelevant by your lonesome - with love interest standing by of course. ronald reagan top to bottom, in short; so as a piece of cinema it's down to the details. some of the actors are quirky enough to liven things up - especially the love interest, brought to you by none other than mr. keanu reeves, warming up for ted; heroine olivia d'abo's hateful alkie dad and big-hair stepsister are more interesting than the sickly mom or her utterly inert bitch-nemeses/teammates, one of whom appears to be made of porcelain. it's my instinct to be appalled by the comic-relief black guys, but on the other hand at least they're in the movie. but d'abo doesn't quite convince with her awkward-girl shtick, and in the absence of any other narrative focus the lack of interest in the gymnastics themselves really does matter; it's all just bodies hurtling around, and not only is the outcome of the big tournament a foregone conclusion, it's all performed by an obvious double.

what an insult to olivia d'abo who plays the film's heroine, robin, to have keanu reeves appear so large on the box art of the film (and at least on recent reissues, to have only reeves appear on the box), considering that she was the star. i realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long-forgotten after school special, but at least give the woman some credit. despite that, this has to be one of the worst teen sports-themed films that i have ever seen, and it strives very hard to add not only every teen and sports movie cliché from the class warfare between the feuding gymnasts to the teen romance. and, in striving to somehow deliver itself as an amateur alternative of flashdance (with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is even quite close to michael sembello's notable 'maniac' which was made famous by flashdance, or was it the other way around?). it includes similar dance sequences and worse yet, even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance-offs between the heroine and her antagonist(s), the one who doubts her successes and abilities on the team. we saw this in trashin' (a vert ramp joust) and rad (bmx dancing at the prom, although it wasn't much for competition, but rather for fun) for example. in fact, this movie is chock full of unrealistic corniness, such as the somewhat homo-erotic rolling in the clothes at the salvation army with robin and her friend from the team.nonetheless, the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background. to top it off in a massive need to squeeze from audiences as much sympathy as possible, she lives with her ailing mother, her obnoxious sister, and her careless (and slightly abusive) stepfather. needless to say, homelife is not so appealing. add to the mix, a talent for gymnastics, but several obstacles to joining the team (including the nuisance of her arrogant, snobby teammates, and a coach who also eventually doubts her abilities to compete well). and, of course, we can't forget that she's got eyes for one of the pretty boy preppies who is dating one of the obnoxious teammates, nor that she doesn't have a steady boyfriend (although keanu as tommy later enters the picture). could this kid be any more pathetic? and it seems that one mess after another comes along to embarrass herself in her painfully long, redundant, and clichéd quest to prove her worth to everyone.but, even the major moments of cheesiness which comprise most of the film, are hardly worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction to this film is the horrible acting and dialog. (i like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance-off to scold the teammates). it makes episodes of 'amazing stories' look like shakespeare.i imagine anyone able to locate this film and watch it these days is probably drawn to it mostly because of the nostalgic factor. for that you might be satisfied, but it is also an incredibly forced drama. so, caveat emptour.

story goes like this, netflix was late sending me my dvds so i went on down to the the analog rental place known as "blockbuster video" they suck you know. real bad, they have 150 copies of the latest lame movies for your viewing pleasure yet i never want to see any of those. so i saw btk killer there on the shelf, all by its lonesome self. i like seeing films based on serial killers. its just a part of humanity that i will never understand, therefore i wanna see that kind of stuff. anyways i put this dvd in and all the sudden from the very first second, it sucks. i'm sitting there with my b.f. and we are like, "what is this kind of crap?" unsteady camera operation, horrible acting,- the first scene in which a woman gets killed you wonder if she would rather just calmly gab instead, then a rat gets stuffed down her throat. i really wonder if the director has a hard-on for this crap. there is nothing decent about this "film". all i have to say to the director is "do you own a freakin' tripod?" every shot was brutally unstable. the music was awful. it was like they just decided one day to make a movie. they were probably gathering people from walmart to show up and "act" for them. just plain awful. if you make a movie like this then directing is your hobby-not what you should be doing for a living- should not make it to the dvd renal outlets for movie buffs like myself. better left at home for your friends when you are having a party and run out of interesting things to entertain them with.... then you break out your btk killer film and say, "wanna see this crappy movie i did once?"

as an altman fan, i'd sought out this movie for years, thinking that with such a great cast, it would have to be at least marginally brilliant.big mistake.this is one of altman's big-cast mishmashes, thrown together haphazardly and improvisationally (or so it feels) with the hope that it would all come together in the editing room. it doesn't.as maltin points out, this turkey is notable only for the debut performance of alfre woodard, who outshines the vets all around her. but other than that, avoid at all costs. (which is pretty easy to do -- it's never been released on video -- to my knowledge -- and its cable appearances have the frequency of halley's comet.)

oh my god! please, for the love of all that is holy, do not watch this movie! it it 82 minutes of my life i will never get back. sure, i could have stopped watching half way through. but i thought it might get better. it didn't. anyone who actually enjoyed this movie is one seriously sick and twisted individual. no wonder us australians/new zealanders have a terrible reputation when it comes to making movies. everything about this movie is horrible, from the acting to the editing. i don't even normally write reviews on here, but in this case i'll make an exception. i only wish someone had of warned me before i hired this catastrophe

i rented this horrible movie. the worst think i have ever seen. i believe a 1st grade class could have done a better job. the worse film i have ever seen and i have seen some bad ones. nothing scary except i paid 1.50 to rent it and that was 1.49 too much. the acting is horrible, the characters are worse and the film is just a piece of trash. the slauther house scenes are so low budget that it makes a b movied look like an oscar candidate. all i can say is if you wnat to waste a good evening and a little money go rent this horrible flick. i would rather watch killer clowns from outer space while sitting in a bucket of razors than sit through this flop again

this is by far the worst horror/thriller i've seen in my 29 years. if someone offers this to you for free tell them no. this movie makes you a dumber person for knowing you watched it. the plot isn't even the worst part of this movie.....its the acting, camera work, lighting, and sound. there is absolutely nothing to like about this movie. whoever paid to have this film made is broke now. i hope the director never gets the greenlight for another movie. in its defense this movie was made quickly to try to capitalize on the actual btk killer's capture but i've seen movie of the weeks that looked like oscar winners compared to this.

this movie features a gorgeous brunette named danielle petty. she has stunning green eyes, and is in the first few scenes and the last scene. she is the only thing about this movie that is not repulsive. she may not have a future as an actress, because this kind of movie is the kind of offensive disaster that kills careers.the movie itself has absolutely nothing to recommend it. it is not a good horror film, or a good fake journalistic report, or remotely well done. there is no skill apparent in it's production. it is like a bad student film. the story's horrific elements do not make you sick, it is the fact that it is so poorly done that makes you sick. i would give this movie zero stars if i could.

this movie start quite gruesomely with a female being bound and psychologically tortured. there's male full frontal nudity, dead animal parts, dogs licking nipples, the female loosing control of her bladder. all shot in a gray cold color. effective, but a little too much. we then move on to seeing the btk killer's youth as well as the present and his history of crimes. the tension is entirely psychological and the scenes of the killer entering the homes of his victims and talking to them lasts for quite a long time and it's creepy. here we don't see fancy or good imagery, it looks as if shot with your home camera. it doesn't look horrifying, but in a way seeing a criminal engage his victims for quite some time before killing them is quite unusual and chilling. what this movie doesn't have is any drama, really. there are some cop scenes every once in a while, but there's no excitement in terms of them finding the killer. there isn't much of an arc to this story. this could have been an effective psychological thriller, a study of madness. unfortunately, the movie is filled with real slaughterhouse footage. it's dispersed throughout the movie and comes on suddenly again and again. sometimes you don't know it's coming and don't have enough time to look away. and that i have to reject. i'm all for low budget horror movies but i don't tolerate animal suffering. it was unnecessary, excessive, and comes without warning. i'm glad that lionsgate releases stuff that no one else does, but they should have passed on this movie or edited out the animal gore. stay away from this garbage.

this is the biggest piece of crap ever. it looks like they spent more time, effort, and money making the dvd cover than they did on the actual movie. i really thought the dvd had been switched out with someone's homemade porno until i recognized one of the actors from the cover. this movie looks like someone made it with a hundred bucks and a camcorder and they spent half of that on rats. the picture is really clear, but that, along with the very unfortunate lighting, cinematography, if you can call it that, production, acting, if that is actually what they are doing, and script, if they had one, makes this movie look worse than an old porno. at least the old porno has a point. this just looks like some peta members got together and decided to make a really disturbing, pointless psa about animals rights and feelings. this is so not worth the money or the time. it has nothing in common with the actual btk serial killer other than the name of the killer and that of some of the victims. the people who made this movie should be glad he's not still free, or he might have come after them just for screwing up this movie so bad.

i question the motive of the creators of this fictional account of the btk killer's motives. are they attempting to portray animal rights activists as sick monsters? who is responsible for this? don't they think the people involved with this monster are hurting enough? what a blatant disrespect and exploitation of the victims! it was like a personality experiment: what disturbs you more, the slaughterhouse or the human murders? they used actual names of some of the victims....this movie was hideous, disrespectful and insulting! the creators of this movie used this tragedy for their own agenda! people need to awaken and redraw the line!

my mother worked with dennis l. raider for eleven years, not to mention shared an office with him. when it was announced he was btk, she was shocked. the whole day was just her telling stories about how she never would have seen him as the wichita killer. i've heard her re-tell them many times. i've inquired her about a lot of things, and gone to all the interviews that she was asked to go to. i've read the entire book written about raider, wichita is my hometown and i was surprised that such a thing could happen in kansas.there was another btk movie on tv not too long ago, and i thought this one would have been better at portraying dennis' killings, maybe even have some intelligent touches to his motives.i'm going to be very blunt with the flaws in this movie. this is based on my mom's portrayal of him, all my readings on him, and the video tapes i've seen of him talking.first of all, the camera angles were horrible. it looked as though it had been shot on a home video camera. the acting was terrible and i couldn't even bear to watch it.dennis raider never had long hair. dennis raider was a "very anal man" and was a "follow the rule book" kind of guy. he wasn't as nice as the movie made him look, he was very polite and abrupt, business like. same goes for his killings, as far as we all know. if you've seen his confession in court, you can already guess.and as for the obsession with the slaughter house? no. never have i read or has dennis raider confessed to having a problem with animal cruelty or people squishing bugs. in fact, he practiced on cats and dogs for choking methods. yet through-out the whole movie he was putting animals in his victim's faces and acting like he cared about the well-being of them.dennis raider never killed the people that he knew, he confessed this, but in the movie in his first killing he tells the lady he knows her also.i really don't even want to go in to this movie, and i'm already ranting. this is not what you want to watch if you are interested in the actual happenings of btk. this is not what you want to watch if you want a good horror movie. if you want a badly shot half-porno with some slaughter scenes served the side, then this is your kind of movie.

don't see this movie. bad acting and stupid gore effects. a complete waste of time. i was hoping to see a lot of cool murders and hot chicks,instead the director depended on animal slaughter videos to shock you, the watcher. disgusting. the murders are pretty lame, basically strangulation. one woman he stuffs worms in her mouth, one he puts raw hamburgers on her face and strangles her. btk = btk broiler, burger king's "killer" new sandwich....ha ha. i don't think this movie relied too much on actual facts. i mean, he real btk killer didn't carry around a bunch of rodents, scorpions and worms..and oh yeah...a slaughtered cow head too. go figure.

this was the worst movie i have ever seen and i've seen a lot of bad movies. first of i'm from kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. its like they took btk name and made up the rest. on top of that it looks like someone was like i've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. the slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter btk did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. the made for tv ones are way better and way more accurate

there was nothing of value in the original movie, this one was even lamer. the fact that i even found it to rent was absolutely amazing. anyone connected to this film has to be high on something! so what was the story line? what was with the girl? was the viewer supposed to get the story line in the first four minutes of the film. sadly, i tried several times to watch this. i even borrowed a kid from someone to get some feedback. kid said it was stupid, and he was four years old. i find that possibly some credit could go to the filming director, as possibly some of the shots made the movie more than a b film. that might be pushing it. i did love the theme song. good thing it was only a dollar, it was worth it. i suppose you might enjoy the film if you were high as the cast and crew would have to be. is pot legal in france?

i have never watched a movie in so little time. the only salvation was the fast forward function on the dvd unit. it was like watching a poorly produced cbc film. there was obviously no money for lighting, filming, sets, location, scriptwriters, editors, actors... oh, there was absolutely no story either! i need to write ten lines of comment... bad, awful, horrible, wretched, anguishing, tortuous, bilious, nauseous, sickening, fromage, disgusting, flimsy, icky, yucky, pukey, stinky, smelly, vile, putrid, all-thumbs-down, and i don't know if i can keep on going to complete all ten lines of just how bad this piece of crap-o-matic production was!

this movie was so ridiculous i never even finished watching it i actually thought someone had made their own version and dubbed it onto the dvd from the movie store. this movie made me sick not because it was gory, but because i wasted 2 50 on it!!!! it looks like my brother and i went into a house and made the movie ourselves and edited slaughterhouse footage into it! i am so ticked off, even the btk killer deserves more credit than that it was not even accurate i mean come on the cow head was obviously made out of play dough or bubble gum omg i cant even get all the words out to explain it do not watch this movie!!!!!!!

this movie is the biggest steaming pile of you know what, being from and growing up in wichita kansas;i know for a fact 90% of the movie was bogus. aside from the names of some of the victims, nothing else much was correct. the movie looks like it was made with dad's handy-cam, it had footage that i believe came from another film along with stock footage from a slaughter house. i usually enjoy watching bad films for the fun of it, but due to the bad acting, poorly prepared or non existent sets and a very dull and short ending.it was a struggle to watch it through to the ending. i recommend that you not waste your money on this film or you will be sorry. crunch

this movie is just so awful. so bad that i can't bear to expend anything other than just a few words. avoid this movie at all costs, it is terrible.none of the details of the crimes are re-enacted correctly. lots of slaughterhouse footage. weird cuts and edits. no continuity to the plot. the acting is absolutely the most amateur i have ever seen.this bomb of a movie was obviously made to make some money without any regard to the accuracy of it's content. the camera work is out of focus at times and always shaky. it looks as if it was shot on video.in fact, now that they've got dennis rader with life in prison, i wish they would put the guys that made this horrible movie into prison as well.seriously, don't even think about watching this one. i'd give it a negative star if i could.

as i work at a video store, i found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movies i've ever seen, and warn my friends and co-workers of it. amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what is the worst movie, my friend dared me to watch b.t.k. killer, even stating that if i could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the worst movie ever, then he'd watch it. i lost. i believe that even i made better videos than this in high school, and those were hardly great feats of a young genius. this film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder, although it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (wooden, hollow, and pathetic don't scratch the surface), as well as just generally bad movie feeling. i can remember a scene where i heard glass smash, suddenly, i was reminded of some bad high school plays (i know that i reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very juvenile) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too fake, but also as if the people were reading their lines from the script, not entirely sure what was actually going on. my review doesn't do this film justice, because i can't describe how utterly horrid the time i spent watching this was. it's almost ironic that i do a pathetic job describing a pathetic excuse for a movie.

i can't really say what i think about this movie, its against the guidelines, i've watched many many films, and this has got to be the worst one yet, extremely low budget, i'm guessing all the money went into the slaughter house scenes, cause i could of did a better job with a b&w 8mm camera and a crew of monkeys. it was so bad i registered just to leave a comment, cause i had to tell someone, movie rental place wasn't enough. but this is my 2 cents worth, i suggest borrowing it from some poor sap who rented it and watch it yourself. cause i sure wouldn't waste the money on it myself again. now i leave you with this comment. i hope your not made at the rental place when they wont refund you your money .. =)

horrible, horrible, horrible do not waste your money to rent this movie. its like a low budget made for tv canadian movie. absolutely the worst movie i have ever seen and there have been many others out there. this movie is not worth the time it takes to put it in the dvd player or vcr. :~( . is it possible to write ten lines? the acting was horrific. it had absolutely no flow. i saw the made for tv movie on the btk killer and it was much better(in comparison to this one). i am not sure what they were going for in producing this film but if it was to educate us or tell a story about the btk killer they missed by a mile. it appeared to be more of a infomercial for animal rights.

i just watched this movie today and not only is it, terrible and awful but it looks like the director just got a few friends together to make a movie about a sick man. i also think that this movie has the look of a porn video with it's clear crisp just filmed view.thank heavens i work in a video store and i didn't have to pay for it cause this movie is crap x infinity..do not buy or rent this movie!!!!! you'd have a better time watching dude where's my car than this piece of crap! and that's not saying a lot for that movie either.the acting is lousy and the movie is just very unwatchable. i was watching this movie and i wanted to kill myself during and after the movie.i walked home and threw up after watching this piece of dirt movie, i then took a shower and burnt my clothes. if i had half a mind i would of took the movie outside and burned it too cause no one should be subjected to it...well maybe members of al queda..especially the ones we have in custody and also child rapists who are in prison on life sentences with out parole....just make a set up like a clock work orange, and then force these cheese head to watch it over and over again.

to compare this squalor with an old, low budget porno flick would be an insult to the old, low budget porno flick. the animal scenes have no meaning nor do they represent this man and his crimes even in the broadest sense of abstractions. the synopsis on the back of the dvd case says in part, "…gripping retelling of the btk killer's reign of terror." this is not a retelling. a retelling would suggest that you are being told the truth of what happened or how or why. none of these things are true. i'm an enthusiastic studier of serial killers and have seen some pretty crappy movies about them and honestly, this is not one of them. this isn't even about the btk killer. save yourself some time and a few bucks and rent dahmer instead. that serial killer movie is accurate and true. however, if you just have to see this movie for yourself, check it out for free at your local library and even then, you'll still feel cheated.

the case is the best part of the movie but it alone is not worth the purchase price. i expected a "based on the true story" movie only to find a shot on home video hodge-podge of poorly shot clips tied together with pathetic acting and non-related slaughter house scenes. the video scenes had numerous rewind situations which were used probably to extend the length of the feature rather than for effects. i started this review before i was even halfway through the movie and waited till it was over just in case it had a better ending but, low and behold it only got worse. if i could mark it any lower it would have been a negative ten. learn from my mistake and save your money and time with this one.

what made the original killer tomatoes fun was it was made by people with no budget who were just being wacky for a couple of days...this was something with a budget, but it just wasn't as much fun. john astin of adams family fame is actually making an effort here to be comedic, but he is supported by lame actors, cheap special effects and unfunny gags.the plot. dr. gangrene (astin) escapes from a french prison and decides he is going to put a pretender on the throne of france... the hero, his french girlfriend and the gizmo-like "fuzzy tomato" decide they are going to stop him...forgettable direct to video nonsense...

the past creeps up on a rehab-addict when he reconnects with his ill brother and a former girlfriend after what he hopes was his last stint in detox. "life's dramas", presented here in the most simplistic way imaginable (not even the writing has any bite or wit). the cast is made up of attractive looking actors smiling glumly at one another, and the music and photography are lugubrious (a couple of the visual effects are laughable, indie-cliché touches that reek of a puny budget). although written and directed by a man, this was produced by a woman, and i'm not sure but i think this may be a distinct reason why this picture about two men, estranged brothers growing closer, never quite gels, never feels natural or seems lived in. it's an attempt to get inside a male relationship, but the careful, sterile presentation is a cheat. no one's heart is in this, living, breathing, or bleeding this material. "the perfect son" is quickly diffused by too many cooks in the kitchen.

i'm starting to write this review during a break as i watch the movie. it's the first time i've tried doing that, but i'm having trouble getting through this one without occasional breaks. that's not because it's intense but because it's bad.it's almost painfully tedious and unbelievable, especially when the preternaturally robust dying brother ryan (colm feore) is on screen being tragic and bitchy, self-indulgent and self-pitying. this would have been a much better movie if they'd just left that character out of the story.he adds nothing but mawkish, maudlin, very irritating melodrama. maybe somebody decided that if they couldn't make ryan believable they'd just make him obnoxious. the problem with that is: who cares if a spoiled, whining, obnoxious jerk is dying? not me.the only thing this character has going for him is the fact that he's dying, and sorry, but that's just not enough. dying doesn't make anybody special. we're all dying, sooner or later. it doesn't give anybody the right to expect sympathy while acting like a jerk.the other two characters, and the actors playing them (david cubitt as theo and chandra west as sarah), are very much more interesting, and their story, without ryan's self-pitying interruptions, would have made a much better movie. but it's not over yet, and it's time to hit play again. maybe something great happens before the end....nope. sorry. this rented turkey goes back tonight!

ursula andress' naked body is one of those things that make you believe in god. the other two women (especially the one who plays the maid) have great bodies as well. then why is the higher grade that i can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only 3 out of 10? because, to get to ursula's unbelievable body, we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring (keep in mind that i watched the full 101-minute version, not the 78-minute american one which probably cuts out a lot of the extraneous material). in typical italian-comedy tradition, most of the characters are exaggerated caricatures (the army freak, the "latin lover", the constant drunk, the naive maid) that are not funny, simply overacted. final word: watch this, but keep your finger on the fast-forward button, you're gonna need it. (*)

what was this supposed to be? a remake of fisher king? why do we care about sandler's character? what a slow, dreary, boring, who-gives-a-damn-about-these-people movie!!! just simply painful to sit through, i turned it off before it was over. it's so obvious that cheadle needs help as much as sandler; like i said: can you say "fisher king"? and how does this psychotic character function in his daily life? we aren't supposed to think that deeply, i guess. why does cheadle continue to give sandler a chance to turn violent on him? if they were such good friends, how did they grow apart? if cheadle is so in control, why does he keep seeking the advice of the shrink on the street? we are never told. that's why fisher king was a better film on so many levels and why this just sucks. nearly 8 out of 10 average score? i don't agree. at all. even the top films are lucky to get such a high average rating, and this crap doesn't deserve to be in the same universe with them.

i admit the problem i have with the much-celebrated ealing films i've seen so far could be mine. to my taste, either they are black and rippingly funny, or so light in tone to be unsatisfying as comedies or stories. that's a self-important way of saying i wanted to like "the man in the white suit" but found myself struggling to sit through its short run time.textile worker sidney stratton (alec guinness) may be meek in manner, but he is doggedly committed to progress in the form of his attempts to invent a strand of fabric that can't be broken or made dirty. using a factory lab for his latest experiment, he toils against limitations both material and human - the latter being the benighted mill bosses who don't understand what he is up to, then figure it out and become even more committed to stopping him."it's small minds like yours that stand in the way of progress," sidney complains, practicing in the mirror what he struggles to say to the man.one problem with "man in the white suit" is that sidney's vision of progress is awfully small-minded, too, more so even than that of the bosses or the laborers who also resent his work. my problem is more elemental: for a comedy, "white suit" is not funny. it's a rather earnest script which too often tries to mine its feeble attempts at humor from spit-takes, double-takes, triple-takes, and dizzy takes.the best joke is the sound of the machine sidney toils at, going "bleep-blop-bleep-bop" endlessly and fetching queer looks from every visitor until sidney either extracts his miracle from it or blows it up trying. like every other bit of stray humor that functions decently in this film, it's leaned on too long.i've never seen guinness less affecting in a movie, even though he looks impossibly young and earnest (though actually in his mid-30s). he seems so bloodless, even more so than the wax-faced general he played in "doctor zhivago" he's the same cold fish whether he's ignoring the sad affections of the affecting mill girl who offers to give him her life savings when he loses his job (pan-faced vida hope as bertha) or the more sultry charms of young daphne birnley (joan greenwood), his one real ally in his fight against "shabbiness and dirt", as she puts it, making those words sound as impossibly sexy as only greenwood could.supporting players make "white suit" work as well as it does. ernest thesinger of "bride of frankenstein" fame plays a singularly nasty captain of industry who looks like nosferatu and makes a laugh like a death rattle. howard marion-crawford as another factory leader is as memorable here as he was playing a blinkered medical officer in "lawrence of arabia". then there's the undeniable charm of mandy miller as a little girl who steals her few moments on camera right from under everyone else.but most of the scenes are played so straight that one wouldn't think director alexander mackendrick had ever worked on a comedy before (his previous ealing comedy "whisky galore" doesn't reverse that impression, alas). roger macdougall's play posits the notion of scientific progress as potential disaster, but fails to present dull sidney in anything other than the most blandly pleasant of lights.ealing comedies are remembered for capturing the human side of comedy. yet the ealings i've seen never seem to do this, working only when they play aggressively against our own sympathies. "kind hearts and coronets" and "the ladykillers" (mackendrick again, go figure) are classics this way. "white suit", on the other hand, is a pointless ramble that falls apart when it should cohere, just like that unfortunate suit.

the premise of this movie is revealed on the dvd box. a textile worker develops a miracle fabric that doesn't degrade. but the movie fails to get on with it. instead it pads for 45 minutes, noodling around a preamble before he makes the big discovery. since audiences don't benefit much from seeing a whiz kid figuring things out, it's a strange choice: the movie has successfully been prevented from engaging any topic. once the fabric is discovered, the movie too rapidly establishes that both industry bigwigs, and blue-collar co-workers want the invention squelched, leaving the movie with just two flimsy movements; inventing the chemical, and running from oppressors.i can't understand why anyone would describe this as comedy. the tone isn't funny or comical. it's more like serious social criticism of the day: that capitalism warps both supply chains and production. which in turn prevents innovation from reaching and improving the world. yes, that's probably true, but without some toying with an attitude towards that fact, the movie is simply an earnest argument. you'll need an extremely broad definition of comedy to find any here.this is more like a british meet john doe (meet nigel doe ?).

i couldn't bear to sit through he entire movie. do families like this really exist somewhere? there have been many comments describing this family as akin to llbean models and such, and i think that that is a great description of how they behaved.more absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in high school as "pigface" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds steve carrel on the first date. that's when i quit watching...if you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, self-indulgent waste of time.

there's little to get excited about "dan in real life". first off, the whole setup is incredibly contrived. did you really believe that during that very long first meeting conversation at the restaurant, marie wouldn't have told dan where she was going? and since dan did all the talking during that conversation, why would she be so attracted to him? for that matter, i never figured out why marie was so attracted to dan throughout the movie. he's very narcissistic and does little to convince us that he's truly a good guy (for example he lies to marie in the bookstore, ridicules his brother about his past girlfriends and tries to make marie jealous with a 'blind date'). there's more contrivance such as that ridiculous scene at the bowling alley where dan and marie are caught making out by the whole family. yeah like that could really happen. dan in real life is slow-paced, sappy and manipulative. even chick flicks like the jane austen book club get higher marks than this predictable "tearjerker".

killer tomatoes movies have this special kind of humor - you either love it or hate it. i personally like it, but in this fourth movie the feeling is gone. the tomatoes aren't the same, jokes are lame, even the actors aren't as funny. because that's the only thing this kind of movies are supposed to be - funny.so now following the plot made to laugh, is annoying. they really shouldn't have done the fourth part to the killer tomatoes trilogy.

well, my goodness, am i disappointed. when i first heard news of a remake of robert wise's 1963 film, "the haunting", i had a fear that it would be ruined by an abundance of summer-movie sized visual effects. but, deep down, i had faith. surely, with such a talented cast intact...de bont and company will not ruin a film, who's original was a fantastic and frightening movie that understood the delicate art of subtlety. well, subtlety, where are you now!!?? my fears have manifested...a promising movie has gone wrong. yes, eugenio zannetti's production design is jaw-dropping; the movie is wonderfully photographed; and composer jerry goldsmith can never ever do wrong. but, the script puts it's fine actors to the test..asking them to deliver the kind of stilted dialogue that is only spoken in movies. in the end, the always wonderful lili taylor is the only performer to escape with some dignity...and that's just barely. but, the crime of all crimes is that the horror is shown to us. we can no longer use our imaginations, feel that horrible dread of fear of the unknown. no, we get some visual effects to show us what we're supposed to be afraid of...and you know what? as wonderfully realized as they are...the visual effects come off as sort of silly. and the climax is a phantasmogoric mess...but things had gone terribly wrong long before that. everything in the haunting is overdone and overblown. i'm afraid there are no real thrills or creaks in this old haunted house monstrosity...only groans. check out the original instead.

not as bad as you've heard. there are actually some funny parts and affleck and applegate have fairly good chemistry. applegate, in particular, is appealing and likable as affleck's love interest. james gandolfini and catherine o'hara are consummate professionals. they're pretty good in just about everything. in the end, "surviving" is not the worst holiday movie you'll ever see. unfortunately, it is unfocused and much of the comedy is forced. the attempts at dark humor come off as dour. affleck tries hard to be endearingly spastic and overenthusiastic but comes across as disturbed. his character's cartoonish nature is brought into high relief when viewed next to gandolfini and o'hara's more muted, believable performances. even by the relaxed standards of holiday movies, you never fully buy into the set-up of affleck "renting" this family for x-mas.there are also scenes that border on the surreal in their strangeness. the x-mas eve scene replete with incestuous humor (a son being discovered looking at naked, provocative pictures of his mother) that not only isn't funny or believable but disturbing.to make matters worse, the colors in this film are muddy, almost noirish. the house set on which most of the movie takes place looks stagey and cheap."surviving" is mostly of interest as the fourth in a string of box office duds (paycheck, gigli, jersey girl, and this) for affleck. it remains to be seen how lasting the damage will be.

drew latham(ben affleck)is determined not to be lonely this christmas. not only is drew a millionaire; but also obnoxious and guilty of being very grandiose. drew goes back to the home he grew up in and offers the family living there, the valco's, $250,000 to be his "family" through the christmas season. tom valco(james gandolfini)is reluctant, but is greedy enough to take drew's offer. christine valco(catherine o'hara)has little to say in the matter, but learns to like having drew around...not exactly the same sentiment with daughter alicia(christina applegate), but that too has room for change. drew's girlfriend missy(jennifer morrison)tracks down drew and wants her folks to meet his family. genuine fun is in store as a happy noel becomes a hilarious dysfunctional nightmare. other members of the cast: josh zuckerman, bill macy, david selby and stephanie faracy. affleck is comedic, albeit strange.

i went to see this film at the cinemas and i was shocked when i got in the room. there was only me and my girlfriend! this shouted to me that this film is not very good. not to my surprise, the film was dire. ben affleck plays a guy who buys a family for christmas. it is a very predictable narrative with him falling in love with the girl that hates him. his acting is okish but for the comedy aspect of the film he is not very good. the plot line is poor and the comedy almost non-existent.however, there are some good points. for example, the family is falling apart and the mother is very funny.i hope this review stops other people wasting their money. i was very embarrassed when i came out of the room!!!

basically there's a family where a little boy (jake) thinks there's a zombie in his closet & his parents are fighting all the time.this movie is slower than a soap opera... and suddenly, jake decides to become rambo and kill the zombie.ok, first of all when you're going to make a film you must decide if its a thriller or a drama! as a drama the movie is watchable. parents are divorcing & arguing like in real life. and then we have jake with his closet which totally ruins all the film! i expected to see a boogeyman similar movie, and instead i watched a drama with some meaningless thriller spots.3 out of 10 just for the well playing parents & descent dialogs. as for the shots with jake: just ignore them.

i tried watching this abomination of the cinema when i was five years old; i have never been the same since. filled to the brim with drug-induced images that reek of the common ravings of your average asylum resident, this "movie", despite its colorful appearance, is not for humans, especially not children.it starts out innocently enough with a poor boy who ruins his classmate's drum by (wait for it) putting his head through it; yes, putting his head through it. but fear not, my friends! he is quickly consoled by his chirping flute, which is weird enough, i'll grant you, but still acceptable.then: the movie morphs into a combination of wizard of oz and where the wild things are, but loses all the "warm and fuzzy" aspects of either of these two books.so, this seven-foot yellow relative of barney, befriends this poor boy and plunges him even deeper into despair.and, to add the pleasant array of horrific themes, a carnivorous boat, formerly a friend of the motley crew of hobbling grandfather clocks and doped-up "dragons", is added to the mix of mayhem.the most comforting image in the midst of this chaos is the villain, aptly dubbed "witchiepoo" (?). of course, she has problems of her own: what with an obvious plastic mask constricting her facial expressions to having to deal with a broomstick whose gas level always seemed to be at its lowest at the most inopportune moments. as a result of this, one of her favorite pastimes was nose-diving into the body of water that separated the land of pufnstuf from her degenerate, decaying abode (i don't know where i would have preferred to live).in summary, this movie is terrifying...if you want to watch the movie that has similar effects on its audience as the exorcist, then this one is for you. enjoy.

i hated this show when i was a kid. that was back in the day when kids show characters actually had accents, not just the bland, generic, general american dialect we're used to. jack wild had a british accent and pufnstuf's was southern. like one of the others mentioned, though, i never quite understood what the deal was with the witch wanting the flute. that always seemed odd to me, probably because the flute just annoyed me and i wouldn't have gone to any trouble to take it away!just a comment on the similarity of pufnstuf to early 70s mcdonalds commercials that others have mentioned: pufnstuf ripped off mcdonalds. at the height of mcdonalds popularity, the tv show (or rather, their creators) sought to license mcdonalds characters for their show, but when mcdonalds declined the tv show changed the characters slightly and passed it as their own. they even hired former employees of mcdonalds ad agency and the voice actors to make the tv shows. mcdonalds sued and won. search for pufnstuf mcdonaldland lawsuit and you'll find plenty of articles about it.

i caught this a few months ago on family channel, and having some memories of the tv show from my youth, decided to watch it along with my 4 year old daughter. i should have got some psychedelic mushrooms to go along with it, 'cause this is just bizarre! not only is it a musical with annoyingly forgettable tunes, the requisite cheesy effects and cameos by stars long past their collective primes, it seems to have been produced as somebody's good acid trip. talking flutes, british children far too old for this kind of crap... in the words of krusty the klown "uuuuuugggghhhhh! what was i on?" if you're a huge fan of the whole sid and marty krofft oeuvre, go for it; otherwise, unless you're willing to get looped before watching, stay far, far, far away.

(aka: blood castle or scream of the demon)*spoiler*this was a drive-in feature, co-billed with the velvet vampire. a spanish-italian co-production where a series of women in a village are being murdered around the same time a local count named yanos dalmar is seen on horseback, riding off with his 'man-eating' dog behind him.the townsfolk already suspect he is the one behind it all and want his castle burned down. the murders first began around the time count yanos' older brother, count igor dalmar was horribly burned and killed in a lab accident.then a woman ivanna (erna schuer) that igor hired before his death to assist him in his experiments shows up. yanos agrees to hire her in place of his brother and together they seek the formulae for the regeneration of dead cells. yanos wants to bring igor's charred corpse back to life.but of course igor is still alive (although horribly burned) and stalking and killing the women in the village. we see his char-broiled face appear at various points in the film, so we know he's still alive, making the whole thing seem a little bit too obvious.igor meets another fiery end when he gets into a fight with yanos over ivanna, with the burning candles falling on to the same bed that igor stumbles on to, meeting yet another, final char-broiled end.the retromedia dvd is taken from a vhs source and looks quite grainy and bad. other than an even scratchier trailer, no other extras are included. although it has a nice, creepy spanish castle and good atmospherics, i found it to be fairly boring and predictable, with no excitement or mystery, whatsoever. 3 out of 10.

i purchased the blood castle dvd on ebay for a few bucks not knowing what it was and all i can say is that i wasn't disappointed with this purchase. blood castle is one of those trashy european horror films that has almost no redeeming quality except for being thoroughly entertaining, for all the bad reasons. the opening alone was worth the price of the dvd: our heroine, dr. ivanna, arrives at the castle where she's supposed to help a scientist, baron dalmar, who does experiments on dead tissue. on her way to the castle 1) a man tries to rape ivanna. 2) the castle's housekeeper fights with her. 3) the maid wants her dead. 4) and finally, baron dalmar nearly spits on her and wants her out the next day. hmm...something tells me she's not welcome. with such a miserable arrival, you'd think ivanna would leave the place in a ny minute but no, like so many great trashy films, our "headstrong" heroine decides to stay put and even enjoys a candlelight dinner with the grumpy baron on that same eventful day. the intro is so over-the-top trashy (it's even greater than the memorable first few minutes of that canadian film, junior) that i knew i was going to enjoy this.but the fun doesn't end there. ivanna is repeatedly drugged whenever she goes to bed at night, only to wake up from unconsciousness, naked, bound and tortured in mild sessions of s&m by an unseen man. even after experiencing these nightly s&m sessions, ivanna stays at the castle, dully convinced by the angry baron that what she's experiencing are nothing more than dreams. to be expected, even after being treated so badly from the get-go, ivanna, falls in love with the baron. ivanna completely disregards anything negative about him, including the obvious fact that the dour baron is popular with the young ladies. every women at the castle (it seems only women work there) is in love with the miserable chump, who doesn't mind taking advantage of the pretty young things. things get even sillier as someone lurks around the estate and kills (and has been killing) women. basically, the baron's physically disfigured brother, igor is responsible for everything. in a very long winded scene, the brother warns the baron he should not get too involved with ivanna or he'll suffer the consequences. so what do the baron and ivanna do about this? well, they get married of course! during the very brief marriage ceremony, the baron is shot by one of the angry locals (father of one of the dead girls). but all of this doesn't deter ivanna, who, amidst all the dead young ladies and torture surrounding them, cheerfully comforts the hurt baron that "it's just a flesh wound" and the two can go on and enjoy their honeymoon at the castle, where the killer/rapist/torturer brother is. the whole thing quickly devolves into a nightmarish love triangle of sorts, between ivana, the baron and igor. blame it all on love!anyway, you get the idea: subtle it's not. almost everything is over-the-top ridiculous in this film and when it's not ott, such as the predictable climax, things get a tad boring. but for most of the film, the director or writer revel in one illogically trashy moment after another. i really love these kind of films, everything as subtle as being hit over the head with a sledgehammer, and populated by characters behaving illogically. even those who made the retromedia dvd realize this and when you go to the scene selection section, we hear one of the funniest bits of dialogue from the dubbed movie looped endlessly. the production values are beautifully risible. the opening and closing credits, with those candles and red curtains...ah, a soupçon of class. the music sounds sometimes like something from a tim burton film, which only adds to the oddness of it all. and customary to these kind of films, when the young ladies take off their clothes, they just beg to be killed.as a standard film, i rate this a 2, but as a "it's so bad it's good" film, i rate it a solid 8 stars. if you enjoy trashy films, please watch this one. it's a must see. the only thing left for me to ponder about it: what would it have taken for that woman to get out of that freaking castle?

this is a film that belongs firmly to the 50's. very surprising that american film institute has chosen this one for one for the best 100 american movies of all-time. i have seen practically all of the movies on that list, and this one is by far the most disappointing one of those. musical numbers (and there many, many of them) are very overlong and boring, and have absolute no connection with the story. the end of the movie has horribly over-long ballet sequency, which naturally has no real relation to the story of the movie. it must be admitted, that it is very well made, the music is ok, and the dancing done with the highest professional standard - but there is no real reason why the sequence is included in the movie.the main character of the movie is extremely childlish and unlikeable and behaves in unpolite way. his mental age is about 14. if you want to see a good musical made on the "golden age" of musicals, go and see "singing in the rain".

i don't know what the oscar voters saw in this movie, but they must of seen some pretty hard stuff to see in it to be able to award it with the best picture oscar. all i know is that fortunately there was gene kelly to play in it or this would have been twice as bad as i believe it is. first of all, i don't think leslie caron was really fit to play such a role. she isn't that talented, she isn't a great dancer and she's not good looking at all. it's a shame that one actor or actress may ruin a movie just like by playing in it because if leslie caron hadn't been in this, it might have made a terrific movie. the story was intelligent, the directing wasn't bad, and, as i said, gene kelly was pretty good. now i'm not saying all this stuff about leslie caron just to criticize her, i'm just saying it because i think that's what the worse part of the movie is. she's probably a good actress but i can't tell because i haven't seen her in anything else but i think she was pretty bad in "an american in paris". so if you want to see it, go ahead but i'm telling you, you're way better off watching "singin' in the rain".

i'm never much for classic films. movies like patton, going my way, how green was my valley, the godfather, casablanca, annie hall, gone with the wind, lawrence of arabia, and citizen kane bore me. however, i would much rather watch any one of those films 3,469 times while being tied up on a chair than watch an american in paris once in the most luxurious suite ever. if i did the latter, i'd probably be sleeping the entire time.the color art direction and the music didn't interest me, gershwin or non-gershwin. the dancing and the singing could help an insomniac fall to sleep. the dialogue doesn't match up to singin' in the rain. basically, this movie is boring. the only other film that i fell asleep while watching was butch cassidy and the sundance kid. but you can't blame me. i only slept 5 minutes the night before.1 star/10 (too bad we can't give zeroes.)

an art house maven's dream. overrated, overpraised, overdone; a pretentious melange that not only did not deserve best picture of 1951 on its own merits, it was dwarfed by the competition from the start. place in the sun, detective story, streetcar named desire, abbott and costello meet the invisible man; you name it, if it came out in '51, it's better than this arthouse crapola. the closing ballet is claptrap for the intellectual crowd, out of place and in the wrong movie. few actors in their time were less capable (at acting) or less charismatic than kelly and caron. my #12 worst of '51 (i saw 201 movies), and among the 5 worst best picture oscar winners.

(various spoilers follow)gene kelly. not georges guetary, who is sometimes criticized for being too young and un-french. not leslie caron, who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance. not even oscar levant, who more often than not annoys the dickens out of me.no, it would definitely be gene kelly. there's something about his screen persona that's too ambitious and focused for him to be convincing as a penniless artist in paris, content to put off facing the critics indefinitely, frolicking with little kids and old ladies and painting in the streets. that's what made him so effective in singin' in the rain and other movies where he played ambitious, focused characters. jerry mulligan is in some ways a cousin to tommy albright in brigadoon, another lerner story with kelly miscast as an american at loose ends who falls in love with a picturesque european place and an innocent female who embodies its virtues.except that jerry isn't as likeable as even poor dazed tommy. that's another galling thing about this film. jerry is sometimes a cad to milo, and even worse to lise. when he first sees the latter at a club, he pulls a dirty trick to get her to dance with him. when she sits down again he pulls an even dirtier trick to get her phone number. when he calls her the next day she hangs up on him, which he takes as a cue to drop in at her workplace. and throughout all this it's obvious she wants nothing to do with him. when she starts laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop, it's about as believable as milo's interest in his paintings. sure he's good-looking and playful, but why should that sway her when she's got henri, who seems like a gentleman to boot?admittedly it comes off so distasteful partly because of the actress. if a role like lise was played by, say, judy garland, she would shower jerry with indignant insults and glares. if she was played by cyd charisse, one would admire his guts. but when she's played by first-timer leslie caron she looks and acts like a shy, vulnerable teenager, and as a result jerry just seems like a creep. and why did they choose these other actors (though personally i'd rather they'd solved things by changing the lead) when the whole story hinges on the romance of these two young poor sweethearts disentangling themselves from their loveless commitments to older rich people? not only is gene kelly a few years above guetary and foch, he's old enough to be caron's father.in short i think it all would have been improved by casting some young comedic-relief type dancer as jerry, the kind that usually turned up in musical supporting roles...e.g. ray macdonald in good news or bobby van in small town girl. maybe not them necessarily but someone like them. someone who could have chased lise and made it seem harmlessly playful; someone who would have appeared genuinely happy living in that chaplinesque hole-in-the-wall; someone whose humor and naivete would have contrasted better with oscar levant's sarcastic grumpiness. it probably also would have made the ballet seem less ponderous. and it might have provided a voice that could sing gershwin better.all this may give the impression that i don't like gene kelly. i do like him. he was terrific in most of his films, just not this one (well, and a few others). i don't despise aaip itself, either; it has good points, like the art direction. and leslie caron, who despite her inexperience is rather charming, and really does look like she just stepped out of a painting. georges guetary does a fine job and his "stairway to paradise" is my favorite number in the movie. nina foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with somebody. but not jerry mulligan. i wouldn't wish that on her.

it must be assumed that those who praised this film ("the greatest filmed opera ever," didn't i read somewhere?) either don't care for opera, don't care for wagner, or don't care about anything except their desire to appear cultured. either as a representation of wagner's swan-song, or as a movie, this strikes me as an unmitigated disaster, with a leaden reading of the score matched to a tricksy, lugubrious realisation of the text.it's questionable that people with ideas as to what an opera (or, for that matter, a play, especially one by shakespeare) is "about" should be allowed anywhere near a theatre or film studio; syberberg, very fashionably, but without the smallest justification from wagner's text, decided that parsifal is "about" bisexual integration, so that the title character, in the latter stages, transmutes into a kind of beatnik babe, though one who continues to sing high tenor -- few if any of the actors in the film are the singers, and we get a double dose of armin jordan, the conductor, who is seen as the face (but not heard as the voice) of amfortas, and also appears monstrously in double exposure as a kind of batonzilla or conductor who ate monsalvat during the playing of the good friday music -- in which, by the way, the transcendant loveliness of nature is represented by a scattering of shopworn and flaccid crocuses stuck in ill-laid turf, an expedient which baffles me. in the theatre we sometimes have to piece out such imperfections with our thoughts, but i can't think why syberberg couldn't splice in, for parsifal and gurnemanz, mountain pasture as lush as was provided for julie andrews in sound of music...the sound is hard to endure, the high voices and the trumpets in particular possessing an aural glare that adds another sort of fatigue to our impatience with the uninspired conducting and paralytic unfolding of the ritual. someone in another review mentioned the 1951 bayreuth recording, and knappertsbusch, though his tempi are often very slow, had what jordan altogether lacks, a sense of pulse, a feeling for the ebb and flow of the music -- and, after half a century, the orchestral sound in that set, in modern pressings, is still superior to this film.

admittedly, parsifal is not an opera that can appeal to everyone, although it is a favourite of mine, knappertsbusch, 1951, in particular. syberberg's entire approach is so static. whenever the music suddenly begins to swell ... syberberg keeps the cast moving at the same pace. the takes on amfortas and klingsor are endless. whatever happened to film editing? the result is physically exhausting to watch. the viewer is never spiritually transported. your impulse is to rush home and play a recording again to confirm that wagner got it right, syberberg got it wrong. and that set decoration with those "clever" reminders of wagner's anti-semitism -- will there ever be a viewer of this film with no prior knowledge of wagner?

n.b.: spoilers within. assigning an artistic director to an operatic production naturally and inevitably means you are going to get a piece of that director's mind. but directing a wagner opera is an especially tricky task, as he was perhaps the most explicit opera composer in terms of what things should look like and how they should unfold. hans-jurgen syberberg loads this filming of "parsifal," wagner's final masterpiece, with enough extraneous ideas to cause it to nearly burst at the seams. you get more than a piece of the director: you get the whole fatted hog and then some. syberberg is to be admired for his penchant for tearing back the covers on the uglier aspects of german history. but does it work to meld that desire to a wagner opera already brimming with its own concepts? the scenes with the knights of the holy grail in acts i and iii are especially laden with visual allegory and symbolism. these are drawn come from wagner's own time, from long before, and go well beyond. if you know what these things mean, they can enrich syberberg's vision for you (but not necessarily enhance wagner's vision); if you don't know what they mean, they're simply confusing, if not annoying. i won't bother uncoiling the plot of the opera here. suffice it to say it is a typical wagnerian synthesis of diverse elements, in this case a blending of the holy grail legend with the principles, practices, and pageantry of christianity. the theme of redemption plays the main role here, as in nearly every wagner opera.i personally had to sweat to get through syberberg's first act (amidst my jarring acclimation, the music saved the day). but act ii picks up the pace. here we meet klingsor, the evil sorcerer, out to entrap the wandering "innocent fool" parsifal. the greatest seductress of them all, kundry, will be used to entice him to the dark side. after an initial dalliance with more symbols, these get stripped away, and the long, gorgeous, transformational duet between young fool and temptress really takes off. finally the film starts working a genuine magic, and it is chiefly due to syberberg's choosing to set things naturally and simply. suddenly the acting starts to work (the expressive actress edith clever and the luscious soprano of yvonne minton team to create a wondrous kundry); suddenly the music seems to come to life and make vivid the inner turmoil of the two characters. the camera work stays simple and quietly fluid. in other words, wagner is allowed to tell his story more on his own terms. and it works beautifully. for me it was the most engrossing part of the film.with the re-entrance of the knights in part 2 of act iii, the weird extraneous symbolisms unfortunately creep back in. some other loony syberberg ideas: using a huge wagner death-mask as a major set-piece (causing the composer's protuberant proboscis to loom comically large); dressing the act iii knights in all manner of costumes, wigs, and makeup (what is the director saying? that the knights are a bunch of buffoons? that they express multiple or timeless layers of significance beyond their surface functions? it's anybody's guess); the insertion – just after the incredibly touching baptism of kundry by parsifal – of rear-projection footage of the conductor rehearsing, in modern-day realism, his orchestra in the studio (this completely snapped my dramatic thread, requiring a few minutes to regroup); the complete avoidance of having any time pass between acts ii and iii (when we meet the knight and "narrator" gurnemanz again, he should be an old, old man, and parsifal should re-emerge as a world-weary but wiser middle-aged man); but certainly the most bizarre stroke is to split the parsifal character into male/female components. some find this the most brilliant stroke. no doubt i can credit karin krick, who plays "parsifal 2," with acting of strength and dignity (she also happens to be the best lip-syncher of the whole cast). but please...wagner's conception of parsifal is already so complex. his growth from a completely innocent boy who knows nothing of his past, to his breakthrough realization in act ii of what amfortas's eternal wound means and how it has become his own, to his return as the great redeemer of act iii – this is the journey of a masterfully constructed character. the bi-sexual emphasis is just gimmicky and absurd. (and what's with this nonsense about a homoerotic gurnemanz and parsifal?? can't we just accept a mentor/apprentice relationship, which is marvelously reversed in act iii?) the monte carlo philharmonic under armin jordan plays with passion and beauty (though the chorus is disappointing). but after watching this film i only wanted to whip out my solti-led recording (highly recommended) and get my wagnerian bearings straight again. the film experience for me ranged from bizarre to entertaining to infuriating. to syberberg's credit, he's created a visually arresting work, and he certainly offers a unique take on an important opera. but instead of sticking to "parsifal," he seems to have wanted to bring in all things wagnerian: the man, the life, the enormous influence...all of it in crude symbolic code. "parsifal" the opera is already full of weighty symbolism: the grail, the spear, the holy sacraments, baptism, amfortas's ever-bleeding wound, klingsor's self-castration, the kiss, kundry's curse, and on and on. this is not to mention the *musical* symbolism sounding constantly in the score, in the form of wagner's leitmotif system. "parsifal" itself is one huge symbol! getting back to my first-paragraph question, syberberg's whole hog is all way too much for me. but if this project sounds like something to tickle your fancy, then go for it. i won't recommend just staying away from this; you may find yourself heartily satisfied. or if you need something to crack your wagner barrier, try it...but please, please, don't stop here. "parsifal" is in a late, very ripe league of its own.

of the ten actors who portrayed philo vance in the series, edmund lowe seemed the most personable, but in this script the audience is way ahead of the famed detective. after all, when the jockey, douglas walton, stares blankly in space, obviously hypnotized, and says something like "i must ride and be killed," i felt it was dumb that no one picked up on it after he does get killed. the police thought it was a suicide because he said he would do it! after hated horse owner gene lockhart gets shot and killed, frieda inescort does the same thing, saying she's going out to be killed, and then fatally jumps off a bus. i laughed when lowe finally yells "i got it," as though it were a revelation. the guilty party, however, was cleverly concealed and there was considerable suspense generated when that party starts to hypnotize lowe to get him to jump off a roof.

boring children's fantasy that gives joan plowright star billing but little to do. sappy kids pursue their dreams. frankie wants to be a ballerina and a baseball player (yuk) while best-friend hazel runs for mayor---she's 13! totally pedestrian in every way, plus the added disadvantage of syrupy performances by the girls as well as the baseball boys. certainly a lesser effort for showtime---no limits?

some good movies keep you in front of the tv, and you are dying to see the result.this movie does not have highs and lows. it simply describes a young girl's family life in africa. people come and go, the weather and the background are all the same.

i am very open to foreign films and like to think that i grasp what they are trying to accomplish although some things are lost in translation. but the simplicity and "intelligence" of this film were boring. i've often thought how interesting it would be to make a movie that just shows a typical day or time period that really had no point. now that i've seen a movie like that i will no longer be thinking along those lines. there's tones about society, racism, and some desire...but south park has that. and when i watch south park it actually moves me to feel an emotion. the closest thing i felt to an emotion during this movie was the yawn i experienced after the first five minutes. i rate the typical movie a seven or above because i love most every film. i gave this film a one.

i am astounded at the positive reviews for this thoroughly uninspiring film.often with foreign films i skip over reviews that complain about slow pace and seeming "absence of action" as many of the best international films do not live up to the western hollywood model of cinematic storytelling.i enjoy the frequent artfulness and lack of cliché in the foreign film arena. i enjoy that many foreign films don't tie things up in a neat palatable little bow.that said, this particular film offered no redemptive value for the time i wasted watching it. no meaningful character development, no engaging story arc, no way to get emotionally involved with any of the characters on screen. synopsis: a bunch of emotionally immature uptight prejudiced colonials mistreat their slaves, and a little girl gets hurt by her only friend when the "house-boy" finally gets fed up and takes his abuse out on her. while the above paragraph is poignant and dramatic, this movie will bore you while playing out the scenario. i was so unengaged that it took three sittings to finish it, and i wouldn't have even done that were it not for the positive ratings. unless you have an academic interest in the period i strongly suggest steering clear of this one.

the film portrays france's unresolved problems with its colonial legacy in western (francophone) africa through the befuddled and complex psychoanalytical prism of a young woman, france (herein symbolically representing her nation). it is an often engaging and challenging portrait of a young woman's desire to come to terms with a traumatic moment in her past, in particular, and a nation's desire to reach out to the 'other' it once 'owned' and moulded. this is reflected in the way in which it centres entirely around the notion of travelling (or being in transit) from the present to the past; remembered realities to undeniable contemporary political and economic actualities.the characters all play a symbolic, albeit a limited and unconvincing role. france, meant to be a visual as well as a totemic representation of contemporary french society, leaves one indifferent to her plight as she seems still to be imbued with the same naiveté she enjoyed as a child-in fact as a child she seems more in possession of her reality. the rest of the rag-tag ensemble is just forgettable. the black africans are, to say the least, offencive impressionistic portraits of former colonised peoples now colonised by the director's poor handling of her material. they are no more than a dark and moribund backdrop against which the blythe-like france wonders seeking a world she never knew, and hoping for one that can never be found in cameroon.

this movie sucks from beginning till (especially) the end. you probably don't get 'm any worse, acting, storyline ,photography, camera work, etcetera it's all bad, very, very bad.but that's what makes it a 'great' watch, it will give you more than enough good laughs. the worse, the better! i really have no clue what so ever of what these people were thinking making this movie. a serious viking movie? the story is goddamn ridiculous, it's more like a comedy in disguise, kinda like mafia, also pointless but damn funny.and look out for the very very end of the movie... uhum.

i had no background knowledge of this movie before i bought it, but it sounded cool and i've been wanting to see a really kick-butt viking movie for awhile now... alas, this film was not what i was looking for. i had hoped for the best, but instead, was delivered a boring nordic soap-opera that seemed to drag on too long despite its 84 minute running time. the film's premise is intriguing enough: it's about a viking warlord who defies his god and odin is so enraged that he curses the warlord's son, named barek, to death and rebirth as a berserker. this barek guy is then forced to live enraged, insane, and violent lifetime after lifetime. the movie is filmed competently enough, with some rich cinematography and quasi-good performances by the actors, but again, i found myself bored and questioning when this dribble would end. the filmmakers had a chance to make something rather entertaining and semi-unique but they dropped the ball. perhaps it could've been improved with some cheap exploitation tactics thrown in such as gratuitous nudity and lots of gore... i mean, we are talking about "berserkers" here, aren't we? vikings were supposed to be bad enough, what with all the raping and pillaging, so aren't berserkers supposed to be even more extreme? all in all, unless you're a fan of the young and restless (etc...) or, are yourself, in fact, an insane berserker who likes self torture, i'd probably steer clear of this drab piece of celluloid.

recap: according to legend, the valkyrie brunhilda defied odin and was chained to a rock surrounded by an eternal fire. only a warrior pure in heart can pass through the flames, free brunhilda and release her from odin's claim, and have her for himself. now, war is brewing in the norse lands, and the king needs an alliance with the berserkers. the berserkers are warriors claimed by odin's valkyries, lusting for war, blood and flesh, and therefore outcasts, but superior in battle. the leader of the berserkers is a scorned son of the king, boar, and his price for the alliance is his brother, the future king, barek. but after the king is victorious in battle, he refuses to give up his only remaining son, breaking his oath to boar and betray him and kill him. boar is saved only by barek's call upon odin. but this is only the start of the battle between the brothers, and their final battle is about to start now, a millennia later...comments: i had hopes that this would be a movie based upon some viking ground, far too little quality movie about viking has been done. it started out very good too, with detailed longships and armors, nice and fitting sceneries and an ok battle.the foundation in the aesir myths is thin and seems very corrupted to me. odin is much more vengeful, spiteful and absent than i remind him from school, and the valkyries has been turned into some vampire-demons. i'm no expert, but that seems outright wrong.but the fatal mistake made by this movie is to move the time-setting from the original time-period to today. if the two brothers had fought it out in the correct time, with some decent battles, this movie would have been much better. now the setting, suddenly is changed to present day stockholm. still, odin is present and is sending boar and his berserkers for brunhilda and barek which gives silly scenes when armor-clad and painted berserkers swordfights with barek among the industries. beautiful mountains and woods have been exchanged for cement. and when allowed to focus upon single fights, instead of massive battles as in the beginning, i quickly saw that the fights and skills of the actors are slow and clumsy.the end result is thin story, sometimes hard to follow and other times just silly, and the only that could save it, the action, is drawn from slow, dull and clumsy swordfights. it draws very little from aesir myth or viking tradition. thus both story and action fails, and the movie is just plain bad.finally, as a swede, this movie is a little confusing. supposedly filmed entirely in south africa, it still contains some familiar swedish signs, plates and what seems to be an authentic police car. however, the effort is poor and only goes so far, as to really set it in sweden. no names are swedish (perhaps with anya as the exception), no familiar sceneries are swedish, they (supposedly) speak a little (ancient?) norwegian, not swedish. and uniforms, both police and medical, are clearly not swedish. if they were not going to even try to do it correctly - and really give the illusion that it is set in sweden, why bother at all? 4/10

unfortunately the movie is more concerned with making lame social commentary on a real event, but doesnt have the balls to legitimately document what happened. the constant rhetoric of how violent video games are not to blame (i get the impression ben coccio is an avid gamer), or how media and music is completely devoid of influence is the obvious message (we even get a laughable scene of the two boys burning all their cd's, talk about subtlety!), but the movie only gets away with it because its 'fiction'. nice try. yes its a great idea to relieve media of influence, but how do we know the kids that have actually planned and executed a school shooting werent influenced by media? or video games? we dont, and we wont with this movie because once again these kids are smart enough to completely relinquish the media, yet dumb enough to scorch a nazi symbol on the ground? haha i somehow dont think so.the movie bats you over the head with its portrayal of the normalcy of the families, its almost doing a disservice to think that there wasn't a serious flaw in the family dynamic of kids that have actually gone out and shot their fellow schoolmates. why is everyone so concerned with making killers seem "normal", when they are so obviously not? a completely false and phony depiction.

i am fully aware there is no statistical data that readily supports the correlation between video games and real life violence. the movie is false and phony because it is in complete contradiction of itself, which is what i tried to emphasize in my original review. the movie fails, not necessarily because i really do think these kids were influenced by video games, but because the movie sets it up as "random" and doesn't follow through. let me clarify. in aileen: life and death of a serial killer, you can see her claims about the police and being controlled by radio waves are ridiculous, yet she is so troubled, she really believes them to be true. the viewer can make the distinction however. in zero day, the 2 kids keep saying how they are not influenced by anything environmental, which is obviously false since everything they do contradicts this. neo-nazism, talking about going on cnn with wolf blitzer (which is laughable not only because they know his name, but its a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to get coverage of his bad movie)..etc. this movie doesn't depict 'reality', it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point. unfortunately you fell for the bait and didn't see this, and you didn't pick up on it from my review either. the entire movie is just taking michael moore's hypothesis and applying it to something "real life" in hopes of validating and it fails, not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong, but because the movie is wrong and doesn't support it. of course i don't think kids that play video games are more likely to kill people, but if i'm not mistaken, didn't video tape exist of the columbine kids (or some teen killers) shooting guns in the forest claiming how much they looked or acted like the weaponry in doom? hmmmmmmm, the distinction is kids are most likely aware of the media, influenced, but obviously balanced or intelligent enough that its not even an issue. zero day is a bad movie not because i really believe a correlation exists, but because the film maker doesn't know what hes trying to say, and the movie does more to disprove his point then support it. it's almost as if the new ratings given to video games made someone upset so they came up with 'zero day' in retaliation. if you want to see the 'mindless' teen killer theory pulled off right, go watch bully.

this film is pretty poor. the acting is abysmal and completely forced. furthermore, by shooting the film as a docudrama doesn't necessarily make it more believable, you can't get out of it that easily mr dir. don't let my comments mislead you however, as i would recommend you watch this film, as it does shed some light on the psychology or non existent psychology behind the perpetrators of such crimes. however, the climax of the film is absolutely rubbish! there is no other way to put it! it pure and simply fails to capture any sense of atmosphere! what takes place does not translate to me any feelings of desperation, panic, fear or dread that one would surely experience in such terrifying circumstances. no instead it leaves you with jaw dropping "was that it?!" spilling from your tongue, and by no means are you haunted by these boys actions. rather you just feel embarrassed for yet another film that started with potential, but ended up falling flat on its face at the most crucial point.zero day indeed....zzzzzzzzzzzzz

a youth gets a bad hair day, goes out on a hill, and falls into where he can't escape. then, he meets mr. atlas, a "mythological" dude from 2,000 years ago as his very best friend, and an arnold schwarzenegger look-and-sound-alike. his herculean strength helps the boy out of danger, and later adjusts to modern life. so what's the big deal? this is the lousiest idea for a "family" outing! either way, this one shouldn't have been attempted at all, really! our fictional character of might and brawn is nothing more than a typical stranger who appears ordinary to the rest of the universe. to add to the blasphemy is the lack of anything new or appealing, and before you know it, there is some attempted violence that doesn't qualify this as "family" entertainment. the scene where atlas complains of his undershorts is gaggling, though. just spend a nice, quiet afternoon in the park for a change.

oh... my... god... this is without a doubt the absolute cheesiest movie i have ever seen. the acting is bad, the story is weak, the characters are weaker, and the whole film just doesn't make sense. couple this with mediocre directing, really strange scenes (such as the one where the kid reaches over the ravine and mysteriously falls in), and thoroughly abysmal dialog ("look!" "musta peed his pants!"), and you get one complete failure. not to mention the fact that the only thing mr. atlas looks like he could defeat is a case of chocolate bars. but this is part of the movie's charm. sit down and watch it with a few of your friends for a good laugh. i love this movie, because it's just so bad!

it's a good thing i didn't watch this while i was pregnant.i definitely would have cried my eyes out and/or vomit. it was kind of gruesome mainly disturbing. i personally thought the baby was adorable in its own twisted little way.however as a mom i cringed when beth stabbed herself in the stomach and when virgina aborted the child during her 3rd trimester with rusty utensils no less.also,as an animal lover i almost cried when she scratched the cat to a bloody pulp.however,as creepy and sinister as the baby was i was rooting for it to live.and as twisted as the movie was i am extremely intrigued to see the sequel...... ......... ....... ......... ......... ....... ...... .....

i cant help it but i seem to like films that are meant to be scary and are just plain bad. i have personally listed it in my own top 10 worst movies right under creatures of the abyss!. watch this film and have a laugh just don't expect to see any academy awards for acting. more chance of understanding the film its self. in all honesty though i have seen much worse than this. plus some maniac cruising round the desert wiping the same people out that just died is that unbelievable that its got to be original. i think its one of those love or hate movies. you can make up your own mind yes its awful but it pulls it off somehow thats why i love it

in 17th century japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. his name was mayeda. he is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the king of spain. whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved japan. shogun mayeda is a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents.starring cinema legends sho kosugi (tenchu: stealth assassins), christopher lee (star wars, lord of the rings trilogy), john rhys davies (lord of the rings trilogy, indiana jones trilogy) and toshiro milfune (the seven samurai, throne of blood), shogun mayeda (kabuto) is a film masterpiece.the osaka winning stunt team bought to the screen by bob ivy bring exciting battle/action sequences such as the opening battle against the eastern army, the attack on mayeda's ship carrying priceless jewels and the final confrontation between sho kosugi and david essex. a fine musical score by famed composer john scott is also present. director sho kusugi was not even nominated for an oscar for this film which deals with the emotional strife such as the death of mayedas family, the search for love and acceptance after grieving, all of which is dealt with extremely well. highly recommended cinematic masterpiece.please note: all of the above is opposite for the film in question.

waldemar daninsky (paul naschy) travels to tibet and is bitten by a yeti, which causes him to become a werewolf. he is accidentally killed after he attacks his cheating wife and her lover, and is later revived by a female scientist, dr. ilona ermann, who uses him in mind control experiments. daninsky later discovers an underground asylum populated by the bizarre subjects of the doctor's failed experiments.upon hearing of naschy's death from colleague jon kitley, i rummaged through my collection for a suitable film to watch. in my scramble, i found i own not one but three(!) copies of "fury of the wolfman". the film is of questionable video quality, the sound is dubbed in a mediocre fashion, the cinematography is sort of slapstick style at times. and the american versions have two love scenes removed. quite frankly, without a remastered, uncut copy, i wasn't really getting the proper movie in all its glory.this film claims to be the fourth in a long series about the werewolf count waldemar daninsky. i suspect this is true, but you wouldn't know this from the film itself. the plot is confusing at times, and there's really no indication that this is a sequel. if you read the plot summaries on wikipedia and compare them to what is printed on the box, you'll see that i'm not alone in my confusion.perhaps the film's shortcomings can be forgiven if we understand the production hell it went through. while floating around for years, it was only released in 1973, due to problems involved in finding a distributor. and naschy said in his autobiography that the director, zabalza, was an incompetent alcoholic, and that he hated working with him. those really aren't light accusations, and i have no idea what zabalza had to say on his own behalf.chances are, sooner or later you'll come across a low-grade version of "fury of the wolfman". it appears in a variety of three-packs and box sets, so you might accidentally acquire it and not even know. what really needs to happen is an american uncut version, with a decent sound and video mix, and the love scenes thrown back in. as far as i know, this does not exist. let us honor paul naschy's legacy and get his films to a wider audience in a level of quality he deserves.

apparently, this is what happens when a director allows his 14-year old nephew to rewrite the dialogue on the set while he indulges himself alcoholically in the meantime; as i said earlier, although i've always wanted to catch one of paul naschy's werewolf pictures, this atrocity served as my introduction and, as awful as it most certainly is, i still intend to pursue other entries in the series, albeit very gradually.despite some high profile disappointments like joe dante's the howling (1981), i love werewolf pictures in general but, to be honest, i quickly lost interest in this film's "plot" and just stood there gazing at my tv screen counting its absurdities as it were. there were far too many to mention them here but i have to say two which struck me as particularly hilarious were the schizophrenic nature of the werewolf persona (i.e. going from a raging beast in one shot to a dazed, zombie-like state in the very next one - as if he's on a casual midnight stroll in the countryside, and sporting an entirely different wardrobe to boot...and, yes, i did know the reasons for this beforehand), as well as the "phantom of the opera" look of the wolfstein character! but what do i know - perhaps the elusive full-length version of this mess could very well have been a bona-fide horror classic!

this is one very confusing movie. the film is very hard to follow and the plot just didn't seem to make any sense. the fury of the wolfman was made in spain and i think that when any film is dubbed from one language to another, it doesn't translate exactly as it was first meant. maybe this is part of the problem but i doubt if it can account for all the problems with this film. the dubbing is pretty bad and the voices don't match the characters very well. the scenes are choppy, there is an array of strange and irrelevant characters that do little more than confuse the viewer even more. what i did like about this film was the look of the wolfman himself and the scenes where he attacks. now if they could have put it all together and had it make some sense, they might have had something. don't waste your time on this one.

i saw this movie in a theater in chicago and should have enjoyed it, since i love nemesis… but if the first half an hour is skillfully done, the rest is just sub-predator video fodder, a long chase through those post-modern empty factories pyun affectionnates. my girlfriend fell asleep. i still like pyun though, but not this

naming the absolutely most pathetic piece of crap in cinematic history is not an easy task, candidates being so abundant, but nemesis 2 has been my personal favorite ever since i saw it. it was so funny we had to rent it again the next day, and again i laughed so hard i was literally rolling on the floor. (this usually only happens when i see monty python's "scott of the antarctic".)throughout the whole movie, an overwhelming what-the-heck-feeling firmly grasps the viewer. i'm utterly confounded that this clumsy home video ever made it to production stage. it's supposed to be a sequel, yet has no apparent connection whatsoever with the first film. the hero has the same name, but this time "alex" is female, although it took us half way into the movie to stop guessing, what with all the muscles and the barbarian-nomad outfit!there is really no plot at all, it's merely a prolonged chase scene, only it's so slow-paced and senseless that calling it a chase scene makes it sound way more interesting than it really is. there is almost no dialogue, which is just as well considering the quality of it, and then the film suddenly just comes to an abrupt end after a blatant action scene with lots of gasoline explosions, without ever really explaining what it was all about. luckily, it never gets boring, because there's something silly and phony going on at all times!terrible movies are usually just tedious, but nemesis 2 is such a perfect mixture of over-seriousness and utter nonintentional wackiness that it's truly entertaining. rent this film, or buy it even, you won't be disappointed!

warning! spoilers!this is your typical disney film.1.policticly correct what with the foster home that has an even divison of races.2.insults the viewers intellect with its simplistic lines.3.the boy's slezy father is almost directly taken from the never ending story 2.4.in a world full of crime,disase,corruption,starvation and other proplems that need to be taken care of,only a losing team is worthy of divine intervention.ughhhh!!!5.did you know that angels don't like swearing?! where the heck did that come from!6.in helping the team,the angel cause pain and humilation on the opposing team.very angelic indeed!7.the team the angels are helping are called...can you guess...the angels! disney at its worst!8."just got his training wings." brillent line!my conculsion:i did not like it at all.

i know that actors and actresses like to try different kinds of movies - hey, no one wants to get typecast - but danny glover, brenda fricker (happy birthday, brenda!) and christopher lloyd should have known better than this. "angels in the outfield" is another movie in which everything seems lost until someone or something magically comes and saves the day. do i even need to tell you how it ends? the movie is just plain lowly escapism (examples of high escapism are the various sci-fi movies from the '50s). if these movies had some political undertone - or at least offered us a new look at life - then they would be ok; this one is just pointless. far closer to diabolical than angelic. also starring tony danza, adrien brody and matthew mcconaughey, and i suspect that they don't wish to stress this in their resumes.

the movie seems disjointed and overall, poorly written. the screenplay moves along as if 10 different people wrote it, and none of them were communicating with each other. apparently they wanted to take a page from a miracle on 34th street (the original) type film, but it is done in such a poor way that the movie falls apart. this film is for only the very young, and even they will see the fact that whoever scripted it knows little to nothing about baseball. such as: • when the angels are in dead last place, the owner doesn't seem to care, nor is he bothered by the fact his manager just got into a fight with his pitcher – on the mound – or that he punched the team's play by play announcer on live tv. however, when the team is one game from winning the division, he gets bent out of shape over a story (sourced by a 6 year old) that the manager is getting help from a kid who claims to see real angels. what sounds worse? a losing violent out of control manager whose team has lost 15 in a row? or a winning coach on the verge of the playoffs that is acting a bit eccentric and is helping foster kids? the owner's reaction makes no sense. and he's moved to change his mind by maggie and her 'straight out of cliché land' speech during a news conference.• the angels are supposed to be playing for the division in the final weekend series against the white sox, however at the end of the game the announcer's keep saying the angels 'won the pennant". the pennant is not decided until someone wins the league championship, not the regular season division title.• whitt bass, the goofball pitcher is the starting pitcher and wins the game that breaks the angels losing streak – then is the starting pitcher – the very next day.• mel clark (tony danza) is said in the ninth inning to have thrown 156 pitches, in a low-scoring ballgame. typically in low scoring games, the pitch count is much lower than this, usually around 80-90 pitches.• "al" the angel says at the end "championships have to be won on their own", even though he and his angels have been manipulating and fixing games throughout the whole second half of the season.i could go on and on, as there are many other examples where the story is poorly written.for younger kids (under 10), this movie may be entertaining. it's too bad – done right this could have been a classic. done wrong like this and it's a forgettable mess that will forever live as a uhf/cable saturday morning washout.

this is a poor film by any standard. the story in match point had a certain intrigue, and the direction and writing a certain fascination (woody allen mixing his own culture with that of the classic english murder and exploring what can be done with it).scoop, however has none of this. it is poorly written, the two leads are hopelessly wooden and the story itself has no interest at all. the genre that it spoofs requires at least some sort of subplot with witty explanations and tie-ups (why are tarot cards and keys kept under french horns in locked rooms?).allen's delightful and witty versions of various hollywood genres (curse of the jade scorpion/purple rose of cairo etc) have given us so much pleasure over the years. even hollywood ending had a great central idea. sadly his inspiration has deserted him this time.

err...this movie sucked. a lot.i have been reading some of the other reviews. apparently there are a lot of people that think that anything woody allen writes or stars in is automatically good...i have watched several of his films, in the vain hope that i'm missing something. but no, they just suck. poorly written trash. the characters are all very stereotypical (not to mention rather stupid). the plot is...i think it is supposed to be mysterious. not sure on that. mr. allen's character is...woody allen, on any other film you have seen of his.if you are a fan of woody allen, go see this film. if you are under 50, don't bother. (if you are a fan of woody allen and you are under 50...well, you are atypical. i don't know what to say.)

my wife and i both thought this film a watered-down, made-for-tv (bbc) version of manhattan murder mystery...which is itself good, but not great. the story has little inter- character tension or chemistry, and not much of a plot. woody allen's character just sort of wanders around running off at the mouth, and hugh jackman and scarlett johannsson don't have a lot more to do. it's pretty disappointing, i must say. ian mcshane's role is just an expanded cameo appearance. the first thing that occurred to me was "i wonder how much the bbc had to pay woody allen to dislodge him from manhatttan?" he must've needed the money, and they must have needed his appeal to expand their audience beyond the youth market drawn to the two stars. i'm giving this movie 4 stars instead of 3 because it is unbothersome background noise. if you ever want something to have on while you're knitting or sorting your stamp collection, this'll do the job. i wouldn't pay to rent it again.

don't get me wrong, i'm a huge fan of many of woody's movies, obviously his late 70's masterpieces (annie hall,interiors, manhattan)and most of his late 80's/early 90's dramas (hannah, crimes and misdemeaners,husbands and wives) in fact i even liked some of his more recent efforts (melinda, anything else, small time crooks) but this was abysmal, i though it couldn't possibly be any worse than last years match point but how wrong i was.it was lazily plotted - basically a cross between match point, manhattan murder mystery and small time crooks,with all the jokes taken out - woody seems to be on the way out as well, slurring most of his lines and delivering 'hilarious' catchphrases 'i mean that with all due respect...' over and over until the blandness of it all becomes to much to bare.i know that most actors are queuing up to work with him but they should at least read the script first - scarlett johansson and hugh jackman are so much better than this - and woody should really take a more behind the camera role in future, if he has any sense about 20 miles behind it.it wouldn't be so tragic if we didn't have so many great woody films to compare this to - but it is clear that his best days are behind him and judging by this effort, woody should call it a day before he becomes an industry joke.embarrassingly bad

warning! this review will reveal the ending of the movie, "scoop." if you don't want to know how the movie ends, don't read this review!"scoop" is so bad you'll think "annie hall" was a fluke.it gets one star because you get to see hugh jackman's naked chest. that's the only thing "scoop" has going for it.woody allen's misogyny, and his fixation on women young enough, at this point, to be his granddaughter, has crippled any ability to make movies he may have had at any point.the plot seems promising: a ghost, ian mcshane, directs a fluffy headed student, scarlett johansson, to investigate whether or not an english lord, hugh jackman, is the notorious tarot card killer of prostitutes. a magician, woody allen, helps the girl.promising plot notwithstanding, the movie completely lacks charm, or humor, or atmosphere. it's an amazingly leaden, amateurish effort for someone who has made even one previous film, never mind dozens. perhaps allen has had a stroke that has gone unreported in the press.much is made of the fact that unlike in his previous films, woody allen, now a septuagenarian, has finally allowed a younger male lead to get the girl.not so. in fact, the plot is constructed in such a way so that the girl gets no one.there is an early scene where johansson, for no reason central to the movie, allows herself to be gotten drunk, and seduced, by a powerful, older director. "seduced" is a euphemism for what happens. it's a "slam, bam, i've gotta go" kind of moment. it bears no relation to the plot whatsoever, and it cheapens johansson in the viewer's eye. why did allen add that unnecessary scene to the movie? because it shows a powerful director - like allen - having sex with the female lead. allen gets to have his cake and eat it, too.johansson is not yet an actress. she doesn't know how to command the screen except by wearing a tight, low cut top. she imitates allen in a couple of scenes, and that just looks weird and sad.it doesn't help that her character is scripted as a doll who can't function without a ghost, or an elderly and less than awe-inspiring magician, telling her what to do at every turn.she is approximately half jackman's age, and she comes across as a very vapid screen presence in their scenes together.audience members not obsessed with breasts deserve better in their heroines, and jackman deserves better, too -- a script that gives the heroine some intelligence and agency, and an actress who can convey those qualities.hugh jackman is similarly cheated by the script. allen apparently can't stand it that jackman is so stunningly good looking and young, and so he gives jackman nothing to say or do. like johansson, he is used merely for his good looks. this is a shame, because, as jackman has shown in any number of productions, from "oklahoma" to "x men," he can act.here's the big plot twist -- jackman, suave, charming english lord, really is a killer. so, though the movie says it is all about letting someone else, other than allen, get the girl, she doesn't get anyone. jackman, the man she's been making love to, is a man who murdered a prostitute. nice, woody. nice way to punish your heroine for being beyond your grasp.in a passive aggressive touch, allen deprives his heroine of his own presence, as well, killing off his character, the magician, leaving scarlett johansson all alone at the end of the film.a final note: at my screening, not a single audience member laughed at any point during the film. always a bad sign when a film is advertised as a comedy.

this show is just annoying!!! i feel sorry for the actors for having to attempt to be funny (especially bob saget), the laugh track tries to cover up the sad jokes and the "awwww" track comes up at the most unnecessary times. the over-dramatic kids are no exception, especially the olsen twins. also, this show is cliché city. if you were to look up the word cliché, it would read "full house" every story line has a "life lesson" to be learned at the end. a sappy speech makes everything better and even has the ability to make the most bratty child have a sudden realization of goodness gasp too bad this couldn't be possible in real life. i don't know how someone could watch this show without bad mouthing the behavior of the characters or the laugh track. i find myself yelling at the tv saying, "that isn't funny/sad/cute" if life were really like this, the world would fall apart.

when i was younger, i liked this show, but now...blecch!!! this show is sappy, badly written, and rarely funny. the three leads were all good actors and funny men (saget's stand up was a lot better than the stuff this show came up with, as was coulier a better stand up, and stamos was a better than average actor). after a while, stamos wanted off the show because it wanted to do more serious stuff (who could blame him?). the show eventually got cancelled when many of the actors demanded more money.here are a few things that drive me crazy about the show:1. the catch phrases- how many times can one person put up with tiring catch phrases like with 'how rude', 'you got it dude', 'nerdbomber', 'cut it out' and 'have mercy' in a 24 hour time period? 2. kimmy gibler- the most annoying character ever written for television.3. the writing- stale and cliched as an oreo cookie. there is good cliched writing and bad cliched writing. full house had bad cliched writing.4. three men living together in san francisco- enough said.5. unrealistic stuff- too much to recall.6. trendy kids- the girls had all the latest mall fashions and you can see posters of trendy recording artists they would be into.now this show is on nick @ nite. i would hardly call it a classic. i have nothing bad to say about the people involved since i think many of them are talented in their own right. but this show was just so sugary sweet, i couldn't stand it after a while.

i hated this crap, every friday as part of tgif it was on, and consistently sucked big time with stupidity each and every week. if you want to see something funny go watch "no on would tell" starring candice cameron and fred savage, it really is hilarious, shows exactly why no one ever goes on to a good film career after doing a terrible tv show. this show really makes me sick, i hate those kids, and bob saget needs to go jump off a bridge for ever making this crapfest. i've seen funner stuff everywhere else but here. i ahet writing 10 lines! watch 'full house' to see the least humanity has to offer in the way of arts and entertainment.

full house is one of the worst tv series ever! why?because all the characters are so irritating that it's impossible to bear.the best character is joey an even he is pretty irritating occasionally.an that girl dj,who wrote her character?i want to kill my self every time she speaks.not to mention when danny start's with his philosophy.example: dj won around ten thousand dollars or more in the casino.however,she's not eighteen so she shouldn't gamble according to law.however the casino was ready to pay her the money but then danny,her father cought's her and don't let's her raise that money because she is not eighteen.oh come on,give me a break,will ya?since i've seen that stupid and childish scene i instantly turned off the television.some of the thing's they say in this series not even a child would bought.who in the world could think that full house is entertaining and funny?every single word they say in this series seem's like shakespeare wrote it.except that shakespere knew how to write and except that he wouldn't be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they wrote in the script for the full house! for everyone who has a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real world,i deeply recommend 'do not watch the full house'!not even one episode as a try out.avoid this series.save your self from stupidity and nonsense.this is the worst television show ever!i'd rather watch teletubbies then this.'do not watch this'.

if.... is the cinematic equivalent of sgt. pepper's: revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation, and viewed as rather a silly bit of business by preceding and subsequent generations. now that the children of the middle classes the world over are seemingly super human due to the internet, and view the prospect of boarding school as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the harry potter books/films, the relevance of if.... couldn't be further from modern concern. in fact, many scenes appear so alien and exaggerated as to hint at an inspiration for pink floyd's the wall.one should never hold personal bias against a film while reviewing, and the cemented date of this film aside, there are a few flaws which others have overlooked. lindsay anderson was known to be a fan of luis buñuel, on top of generally being too smart for his own good. and despite a straightforward narrative through the first and second acts, the latter portion of the piece it taken hostage by cod buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism. anderson wasn't capable of this feat due to his over-intelligent cynicism, failing to see that buñuel was jovial in his work. i have not found a critic whom champions the 'chaplain in a drawer', and am almost certain it still gets sideways looks from those who adore this film. the ending is not so much a concise punch to the established class/values system, as a wet slap on a moving target.the british public school system was firmly for the middle classes (the upper crust being educated at home by private tutors). and the modus operandi of if.... was to check the boxes of public school life which lindsay believed had been unexplored in film, thereby savaging middle class pretense. homosexuality, generational cutlery, cold showers et al. in reality, such issues had been covered in many other great british films, if.... merely brought them to the fore. the browning version was a more oblique damning of such pomp, to name but one.if.... is oddly quaint, and simply can not be viewed with modern (especially american) eyes. kudos to anderson for avoiding mick and kieth in favour of african chant, and a few brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones. points deducted for pretension, establishing characters who disappear, and inciting a glib revolution which came to naught.

ah, the spirit of '68. the streets of paris were running wild with rebellion, the hippies were high on the spirit of love. how was britain marking this age of radicalism and revolution? erm, by the looks of it, dear old blighty was focusing on making films about boys in boarding schools. if... contains the evil establishment. it contains the uprising of the oppressed. what it lacks in contrast to the parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is any sense of excitement, except in its all-out ammo-and-artillery fire ending.lindsay anderson's if... stars the ever-marvellous malcolm mcdowell as one of three private school pupils who decorate their dorm with photos of lenin and other left-wing radicals. it's clearly an anti-establishment movie in its depiction of the evil upper-class oiks who rule the roost and the antiquated autocratic practices of the pish-posh public school standard. what makes if... unusual though is that for all its radical sympathies, it doesn't explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system, instead it just kind of floats: lacking in plot and lacking in personality.surrealist bits fade in and out occasionally and the film slips from black-and-white to colour again (is it due to the low budget or is it an arty expression?), but there is little of interest to speak of. all we get is the poignant denouement where the young rebels reach for their rifles and shoot down the shady overlords of the establishment. hooray! a revolution! at last something that demands a second thought unlike the rest of this dull exercise in boarding school daydreaming.if... could have been a powerful political statement, but as it is it drifts and only gathers any sense of direct interest at the end. instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist of the late-sixties, it only succeeds in being a dazed document of upper-class british education. anarchy? apathy more like, the only man many viewers will want to stick it to after watching if... will be lindsay anderson.

i've read reviews that apparently you have to have been a student in a very strict, british school in the 1960's to understand this. maybe that's true, if so, then this movie is outdated.*************spoiler alert**************************************** the ending makes about as much sense as all the kids who're anti-government and anti-corporation without having any better solution that doesn't torch society to a mad max type cinder.yeah, the main characters could leave, but they don't. the reasons they go about this don't make sense. there isn't enough character development to explain why. what shooting up a bunch of innocent people is supposed to mean is never explained or even hinted at. it is mentioned that war is the final creative expression, quite possibly the only revelation that any characters of this movie have, and it makes no sense.the characters who go on a murder spree aren't fighting the institution, they're just killing people. i thought they might've used all the explosives to blow up the place or at least the sanctuary at the end, that would've made greater symbolic sense, but they didn't.tl;dr - this movie is an adolescent's daydream of fighting against authority that plagues them, though in reality they need. it has no moral, symbolic truth, or meaning to it; this movie simply plays out the fantasy of killing teachers and people in "power" that annoy you.if you think a murder rampage/ school shooting similar to columbine or virginia tech is a rational and sensible way to deal with teachers and institutions you don't like, then i guess you'll love this movie. if you're like me and you're working towards making a life for yourself instead of just blindly (very blindly in this movie) rebelling against "the man", this movie is juvenile and boring.you can also tell in parts that funding was lacking, and the story seemed to have a touch of attention deficit disorder.all in all, this seems like a very rough draft of what could've been an okay movie, but no effort is put into the dialogue, character development, or moral so it's just... poorly done.if... only i could get my two hours back.

the british public school system did not evolve solely with the idea of educating the upper classes despite that popular and widespread misconception.it was designed to produce administrators and governors,civil servants and military men to run the british colonies.these people were almost entirely recruited from the middle classes.when the public schools had begun to show their worth the scions of the aristocracy were sent to them rather than be educated at home by tutors and governesses as had previously been the case.they tended to favour the schools nearer "town" so eton and harrow became particularly popular with that class of parent. the vast majority of public schools took their pupils from lower down the social scale.tom brown,perhaps the most famous public school pupil ever,was the son of a country parson,not a belted earl. thus in late 1960s england,a country in the throes of post-colonial guilt and shedding the last of its commitments to its former dependants as quickly as harold wilson could slip off his "gannex" mac,lindsay anderson's "if" was greeted with cathartic joy by the chattering classes and mild bemusement by everyone else. it must be remembered that the so-called "summer of love" was followed by the "october revolution" a non-event that left a few policemen in london with bruised heads and the u.s. embassy with one or two broken windows,but achieved absolutely nothing. so when mr anderson's film reached the cinemas the disgruntled former revolutionaries revelled vicariously in what they saw as mr malcolm mcdowell's glorious victory over an amorphous "them" despite the fact that he was ruthlessly gunned down at the end,a fate that would have undoubtedly overtaken them had they succeeded in their attempts to get into the u.s.embassy. the film told us nothing new about public schools,homosexuality,bullying cold showers,patrician sarcastic teachers,silly traditions.an all-too familiar list .it was declared to be an allegory comparing britain to the corrupt,crumbling society represented by the school.well,nearly forty years on the same schools are still flourishing,the british social system has not changed,the "october revolution" has been long forgotten except by those involved on one side or the other and mr anderson has completed his "state of the country" trilogy to no effect whatsoever. if by any chance you should wish to read a book about schoolboys who did buck the system rather more successfully than mr mcdowell and his friends and furthermore lived to tell the tale,find a copy of "stalky & co."written by the man whose much-maligned poem "if" lent it's name to mr anderson's film,a man born in colonial india,a man whose work is quietly being airbrushed out of our literary history.and do it before the chattering classes succeed in declaring him a non-person.perhaps somebody should start a revolution about that.

this is an extremely boring film. if you grew up during the vietnam was, as i did, then you've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now. but what really makes this film boring is the narration by director carlton sherwood. the majority of the film is shot with sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation.if you're old enough to remember vietnam, then you won't find anything new here. there is no new evidence to condemn john kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on vietnam. younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see george butler's excellent film going upriver! stolen honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on john kerry, but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal.

from the start, you know how this movie will end. it's so full of clichés your typical nra member will not even like this movie. i give it 2 out of 10, only because of the acting of william benton. i can't believe people voted 6+ for this movie. it's so biased towards a 'certain point of view' (once a thief...). people aren't born bad. neither are they born good. they are born with a clean slate. it's society, parents and education what makes them who they are. and if they take the wrong turn, somewhere down the line, it certainly isn't going to be the american penal system that gets them back on track! anyway, avoid this movie like the plague. i bet you have better things to do with your time than waste it on this piece of crap.

rarely has such an amazing cast been wasted so badly. griffin dunne, rosanna arquette, illeana douglas, ethan hawke, dennis hopper, christopher walken, and john turturro, all jumped on board, only to be torpedoed by a script that seems like nothing more than a hollywood in joke. attaching martin scorsese's name to this was probably the draw, but the end result is way less than the sum of it's parts. resembling a nightmare gone horribly wrong, each scene seems more contrived than the next. "search and destroy" is nothing more than abstract, stylish, self indulgent nonsense, and the entire film is decidedly dull.......... merk

the cat o'nine tails (il gatto a nove code) aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (cromoscope)sound format: mono(35mm and 70mm release prints)a blind ex-journalist (karl malden) overhears a blackmail plot outside a genetics research laboratory and later teams up with a fellow reporter (james franciscus) to investigate a series of murders at the lab, unwittingly placing their own loved ones at the mercy of a psychopathic killer.rushed into production following the unexpected worldwide success of his directorial debut the bird with the crystal plumage (1969), dario argento conceived the cat o'nine tails as a giallo-thriller in much the same vein as its forerunner, toplining celebrated hollywood actor karl malden - fresh from his appearance in patton (1969) - and rising star franciscus (the valley of gwangi). sadly, the resulting film - which the ads claimed was 'nine times more suspenseful' than "bird" - is a disappointing follow-up, impeccably photographed and stylishly executed, but too plodding and aimless for general consumption.malden and franciscus are eminently watchable in sympathetic roles, and cinematographer enrico menczer (the dead are alive) uses the wide cromoscope frame to convey the hi-tech world in which argento's dark-hearted scenario unfolds, but the subplot involving euro starlet catherine spaak (the libertine) as franciscus' romantic interest amounts to little more than unnecessary padding. highlights include an unforgettable encounter with the black-gloved assassin in a crowded railway station (edited with sleek assurance by cult movie stalwart franco fraticelli), and a nocturnal episode in which malden and franciscus seek an important clue inside a mouldering tomb and fall prey to the killer's devious machinations. but despite these flashes of brilliance, the film rambles aimlessly from one scene to the next, simmering gently without ever really coming to the boil. it's no surprise that "cat" failed to emulate the runaway success of "bird" when released in 1971.(english version)

while not quite as monstrously preposterous as later works, this slow-moving, repetitive giallo offers some nice touches in the first half, but grows more and more lethargic and silly as it stumbles to its lame denouement.to be sure, the actors are above average - considering this is an argento movie - and some moments show the director's visual skills, but whole sequences should've been cut and, basically, it's just the same exploitative trash as ever, wallowing in fake science and abnormal sexual depravity.3 out of 10 genetic disorders

few films have left me with such a feeling of unease, and this is not a compliment. since i saw it in a theater (how it ended there i can only wonder) i was subjected to 90 mn of hateful, derivative garbage, the main impression being a bit like this other sick-o movie "don't answer the phone" - but worse. the nastiness of it all, rape and all, is shown without any distance (unlike strong stuff like "last house on the left") and utter contempt for the (perfect ?) victims and everybody involved, leaving the viewer to be treated as a sadistic voyeur. at the end i felt like taking a shower. no credits to the director

there is one really good scene in faat kine. the title character gets in an argument with another woman and after being threatened, faat kine sprays her in the face. the scene works because the act is so unexpected, bizarre, and rather funny at the same time. in that one instance, writer/director ousmane sembene gives the audience a character that is easy to root for, an interesting film character that could be worth watching for two hours. in the scene, he presents a brave woman who is bold in her actions. for the rest of the movie, the only other thing he seems to present is conflicting tones. the tone is all over the place. it's true not all movies have to clearly fit within a specific genre, but i don't think faat kine fits into any genre. supposedly, it's a drama, though there are moments of such broad comedy (the aforementioned spraying in the face) that it cannot be taken seriously. on the other hand, the film is certainly not a comedy with the abundant amount of serious topics sembene has crammed into the picture. there is a way to successfully mix comedy and drama together. unfortunately, semebene doesn't find that balance. instead, one scene after another just drift into each other without much rhyme or reason, leaving two different tones hanging in the wind. faat kine also has the problem of running two hours long with an extremely drawn out finale. the film ends with a big party where all the characters' conflicts are resolved, only they aren't resolved quickly. the scene lasts longer than any other scene, going on for probably twenty minutes. because the rest of the scenes up until this point have been meandering, the finale is particularly hard to endure with repetition beginning early on in the scene, making for a frustrating viewing experience.perhaps i am being too hard on faat kine. i am not the right audience for it. i felt nothing towards the characters and had no connection to any part of the story. there are people who will probably find something meaningful in the story and see strong characters. however, i was unable to do so and thus cannot recommend it.

this movie is extremely boring, it tells a story of a female gas station owner and her life. nothing exciting ever happens. the director has really "kept it real" and it feels just like a camera following a woman around as she lives her life. i had to watch other films by this director for a class, the others were not as boring. this film was also watched for an assignment...it better be worth the boringness with a good grade!! overall, unless it's required, don't watch the film. but don't discount other films by this director, because they're not as bad...and don't discount other films about africa, they're usually good, especially when done by a western director.

...through the similarly minded antics of eric stanze. a not-particularly talented director has helmed a not-particularly good movie, yet i still found myself sitting through it to the closing credits, if for nothing more than to see what happens next.a rapist escapes from prison and calls up his old flame. after capturing her (even though she came willingly) and threatening her into having sex (another event she was also willing to do) he reveals that he has kidnapped three guys who wronged her in the past. he then decides to kill her (huh?) but is foiled and dies instead. the girl's mind snaps (or something like that) and she takes out her rage on the unlucky chaps in the basement.alright, the writing sucks: it's long winded, loaded with ten-cent words and there is way too much of it.the acting sucks: what a minute, what acting? the filming sucks: home video is bad enough, but 20 minutes of graveyard footage is just a damn insult.and the budget is a joke: get it...'budget', that was the punchline.and yet there was a charm to the thing. back in the 70's these kind of movies came out in theatres with actual budgets and talent attached to them, not in this day and age though. if you want to watch this kind of violent, sexually exploitive trash (don't lie, some of us do) then this is all your gonna get nowadays.some brief hardcore shots in a sex scene, torture with fecal material, fun with axes, anal rape by broom stick and a lengthy shot of the crazy chick masturbating with the same broom stick are some of the better items on the menu.it's not good and it won't be remembered, but not since the heyday of joe d'amato have people made movies like this.4/10

in director eric stanze's 'isoyc, ipoyg', three men are subjected to torture at the the hands of a woman that they have all sexually abused. the first victim is forced to eat his own crap, before being axed to death. the next bloke ends up with a bullet in the crotch after refusing to have anal sex with the first guy's corpse. but it's the third man who gets it the worst: he has to watch the heavily tattooed 'star' emily haack get naked and masturbate with a broom handle (oh, he also gets the handle shoved up his butt too!).and, unfortunately, so do we (get to see her masturbate, that is—not get a broom handle up our butts!).yes, 'isoyc, ipoyg' is one harsh viewing experience, not because of its relentless violence, but because haack, who is obviously under the misguided notion that she has the body of a goddess (as opposed to that of a roadie for metallica) constantly gets buck naked for the camera. it ain't a pretty sight.in addition to the non-stop nudity from an inked-up haack, viewers also get to see dreadful direction from stanze (who thinks that endless shots of tombstones and trees is entertaining stuff), some really bad acting, and a fat guy's penis.strangely enough, i give 'isoyc, ipoyg' a rating of 3/10, which is actually slightly higher than its current 2.9 average. that's one point for the messy axe attack (which, being a gore-hound, i actually enjoyed); one point for the bit where the fat guy gets his face pushed in chocolate mousse masquerading as feces (hilarious); and one point for the sheer nerve to suggest that this film might somehow be a sequel to meir zarchi's superior exploitation classic i spit on your grave.

am i wrong,or is the 2007 version just a rip-off of the original? i have to ask because the dvd i just bought is one of the worst films i have ever seen.....bad acting,bad editing etc....the only "exploitation " aspect here is how we were ripped off for our money buying this piece of crap. it is nothing more than a light-weight porn flick...no real gore, no scary images, just a cheaply done bit of garbage. if anyone wants to see an excellent film with no name actors,some slimy gore and a decent storyline...get baby blood...also done on a cheap budget but well made...and an actual story too!i spit was a waste of money but i'll keep it just for a laugh....it is pathetic! new comment....sept 3.....i'll keep this film forever just because it it sooooo bad it's almost good....in a really bad way....the worst acting ever...a real crap-movie classic!

with a title like that, it's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did not appeal to me. granted, there's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore, but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse "shock" tactics... the inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road. he and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods. he ends up forcing her into a house where they screw and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement. the heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her, a "grabby" neighbor, and her sexually abrasive boss. he explains to her that he is going to kill them all. she winds up killing him and then turning her focus towards the men (or pigs) whom she tortures and kills, herself... most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild. the best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man-rape... surely, "i spit on your corpse, i p!ss on your grave" was intended as an unofficial sequel to "i spit on your grave" - based on, mainly the title, and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was camille keaton. i personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion! this movie is a boring, amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably...

good lord! (and that coming from an atheist), this "movie" is bad !much has already been said by the reviewers before (the ones who rated this piece 3 and below) to which i fully agree, i just like to add a few things: among the three guys who had to eat their own digestive end products, got chopped up by an axe, raped by a broomstick, had their balls blown away - the ex-boyfriend suffers the worst torture while having to listen to the girl's endless and pointless babble at the kitchen table (as do we, but at least we have the mercy of the mute button).had the director cut out the point- and endless graveyard and inverted scenes, our suffering would have been over after 30 minutes.the only things that made this flick at least somewhat bearable are emily haack's tits (one point).forget it. don't buy it. don't waste your time. and your sanity. my brain is so fried after watching this i feel the urgent need to watch (and suffer?) "scrapbook" right now.

picture the fugly annoying goth kids from college in a scat film, throw in a pinch of story and a whole lot of awful acting, and you are still not even close to how bad this movie is.shot badly, bad effects, worse acting. contrived attempt at shocking horror. everyone i've showed this to gets kinda depressed watching it. the sex scenes are disturbing, not necessarily for their content, but more because they're just something you want to end as soon as possible. the last sex scene is just foul, even before she gets to the guy.i'm one of those people that loves to watch movies that people hate, which is why i picked this one up. but for your own sake, save yourself the time and avoid this abhorrence. it's that bad. i literally threw it in the garbage.

a young man kills a young woman for no reason. the man's brother is jailed on charges that he was an accomplice, but soon escapes. upon escaping, the seemingly innocent man kidnaps three victims and soon he ropes his girlfriend in on the plot. if this isn't bad enough, the situation quickly makes a downward spiral.this film had some good aspects and many bad ones. its strongest aspect was lead actress emily haack. setting aside the fact she's nude in a fair amount of this film, she presents herself as a decent actress and a very strong character. i see no reason she cannot take this experience and somehow turn it into a career in some way. i was convinced she was a ruthless individual.also, the makers of this film were very bold and pulled no punches. graphic nudity (both male and female), coprophagia, and extreme anal violence are not shied away from. i like my horror films to push the boundaries a little bit, and this one ignored them altogether, gladly skipping towards gomorrah. maybe it was too much, but i think they achieved what they were looking for.but now the negative aspects. first, and most noticeable, this film is very low budget and the film quality shows this. i can excuse that -- the plot was decent, the acting fine and in some scenes the lower quality film actually made the movie more disturbing (a more realistic feel). so, i won't scold them for having low-grade equipment. what i will scold them for is the use of poor choices in shots. for no reason i can ascertain (besides plumping the movie), there is a large amount of footage of a cemetery. i don't really know why, and i frankly started dozing off at this point because it was so long and pointless.i also take issue with the title. the idea here was to deceive people into thinking this film had some connection to the classic "i spit on your grave". now, there is a line that seems to imply the main character is the daughter of the woman from this other film. and the themes are very loosely the same (a woman getting revenge on men). but there is no firm connection and the reason this title was chosen was for the video store customer to think they were getting a sequel. this was deceptive and dishonest.my last major complaint is that this plot makes no real sense. not even a little bit. a woman is killed in the beginning for no reason. a prison escapee finds time to kidnap people to torture them, for no reason (because they wronged his girlfriend?). the same man goes from good to very evil without explanation. likewise, the female lead (haack) turns fro ma normal person to someone who is overly cruel and sadistic, for no reason at all, and against people who for the most part were only marginally mean to her (a neighbor offering drugs for sex is wrong, but by no means worth getting tortured for).don't let this title fool you, or the claims that the film is incredibly shocking. yes, some scenes were shocking, but the vast majority of the film is dull and makes you want to take a nap. if you see this in the video store or on netflix, just keep browsing. or rent it, and we can sit around and vent about it for hours. you have been warned.

i watch bad movies.this movie is not good enough to be a bad movie. not an ounce of humor, not an ounce of talent throughout.i am lazy.usually, i see a bad movie and curse. this was so bad, i actually made a review to try and save others from the completely boring mess i fell victim to.i am smashing my copy of this movie.it's too lame even to use clear a room. so boring. watch 'bloodsucking freaks' or 'shock, shock, shock' for absolute crap that has some merit as entertainment. this sludge looks awful, is awful, and whoever made it should feel awful.

no spoilers.i love horror movies, but this has got to be the poorest attempt to make one ever. calling it "a movie" is also a stretch. this "random-clips-of-obviously-fake-and-tacky-violence-and-an-ugly- woman-trying-to-act-sexy-edited-poorly-together" is not worth watching.watching this is about as interesting watching as some random family's holiday pictures, and it has about the same quality you would expect when you send your ten year old son into the woods with your new vid-cam, and tell him to make a movie.terrible.

i expect the same excitement as i spit on your grave but i was let down by just junk how can you even call this a movie ( its kinda of a mini porno) . it made my sick when the guy was made to eat his own business. there is no story line to it at all it jumps to quickly from each murder. if you like seeing a women naked or even mens parts then there's spots in the movie for and there's even a masturbation spot in the movie which makes it a porno and not a movie at all. i have seen some dumb movies in my time but this is number 1 . i want be watching it again at all. the actors even look bored during the movie to me so they probably were in need of money badly to make this movie.

i'm a horror/gore movie freak and this flick was so bad, i felt embarrassed for not only the "actors", but also the director and the poor sap of a producer who actually put his money up for this schlock.from the title, you'd expect some great carnage, somewhat of a storyline and at least some direction or dialog. instead, you get what looks like a slightly more violent and sexual three stooges episode. at least i laugh at the three stooges. while watching this crap, i turned another tv on and started watching howard stern until something interesting happened.needless to say, i kept watching stern.watching this "film" i realize that i could produce a film with three monkeys, 2 dv cameras, $50 dollars in loose change and a broken pc. this film is my inspiration to get into no-budget film making. watch this movie if you dare, but be warned...there is a lot of nothing in here but a whole lot of talking and very little action. this makes "kazaam" look like a meryl streep film.i'm sure germany didn't ban it due to sex or violence. other countries need to take heed.

this subject matter deserves a much better script, and final result, than this movie serves up. the script is full of holes because it was never conceived as a story, but rather a string of nightmare scenarios loosely knitted together. the gaps and loose ends in the story line are numerous. the scene where the kidnap victim is told that her parents are not dead, and have been looking for her since she was taken, is just bizarre. it is written as a cathartic therapy moment with the head of the shelter for runaways handing her a "missing poster" from when she was eight. in the real world, if the head of a shelter for runaways found out that he had, under his roof, a solved kidnapping, what would have followed would have been an immediate call to the police. it's a law enforcement issue not a 12 minute segment for oprah. everything that follows from there to the end is so short shrift that i can only conclude that the first 90 minutes was for pure gratuitous exploitation. funny, that's what this movie is supposed to be condemning. in the end it seems to have joined in.

what do you get when you have bad acting, bad directing, scenes that are excruciatingly long, terrible lighting, painful editing, and awful effects? you get jessica: a ghost story seems its shot on betacam, which is fine, but the lighting has to compliment this medium. in this case it does not. there are a few cu's where the person's face is entirely in shadow. one scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists. it's a joke if you ask me. some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half... but i guess then they wouldn't have a film at feature length. the main character is incredibly flat. he's the lead male, so he should have some "hero" elements to his character, but he does not. he whines and is scared the entire film. i could go on, but i don't want to waste my time. although the lighting was terrible, i must say that they did have nice camera movement. too bad the lighting didn't compliment it. the cover of the dvd is nice, and that's where it ends. just terrible.

jessica: a ghost story is as the name implies a ghost story. the theme is meant to be horror but comes across closer to comedy!a woman comes who was brutally murdered comes back from the dead. this constitutes what this movie attempts to pass off as a plot. there is really nothing more to it. the movie comprises of a series of loosely connected scenes involving a guy who had an affair with this woman prior to her death.immediately from the opening scenes, this movie has the appearance of a "straight-to-dvd" effort. unlike gems such as vacancy 2, the movie has no sense of direction or creativity and certainly gives "straight-to-dvd" movies a bad name! the direction is as poor as can be with a complete lack of suspense, scares or tension. even the drama elements are hopelessly handled and represent something more boring than even the worst soap opera you may have had the misfortune of enduring.the acting across the board is absolutely abysmal with no one actor involved managing to show even the slightest potential of a successful acting career.many of the individual scenes are incredibly long, with very long pauses between dialogue exchanges. i'm not exaggerating!the only reason i give this movie a rating of 2 rather than 1 is because some of the poor acting combined with even worse dialogue made for a few unintentional laughs. i stress the word "few" in that sentence. this is not overall one of the "so-bad-it's-good" movies like camp blood or the nail gun massacre. if you want to laugh hysterically, watch those movies. if you want to see a proper horror movie about ghosts watch the legend of hell house, the changeling, ringu, the eye (original korean version), the grudge, one missed call or phone.i advise anyone who has had the good fortune of avoiding seeing jessica: a ghost story to keep up the good work! just forget this movie exists. don't spare a thought for it!

i bought a dvd of this film for my girlfriend who shares the same name as the ghost girl in this film, and enjoys movies about the paranormal. the movie was shot entirely on video, so it has the look of a pbs special about it. the special effects are phoney looking, but there are actually some scary moments in the movie that got us to jump in our seat. there is a particularly effective scare involving a virgin mary statue.however, the acting is bad, the "plot" scenes are long and very boring, and i will tell you i have no clue what happened at the end. if you get the movie, rent it, if you buy it, please make sure you pay less than $5.

this seems like one of those movies that we think we should like, but i didn't. it seemed to be trying way too hard to be 'artsy'. all flash, with no content. it has some beautiful scenes, and any one of them are nice to watch, but tack them all together and it becomes an arduous task just to sit through it. i rented this because of the glowing reviews on the video carton, and the fact that i'm a big shakespeare fan, but i was very disappointed. i just found it a bit pretentious and, at times, boring.

this is not the worst film i have seen of peter greenaway but it is close. that dishonor goes to the even worse pillow book. this director's films of 3 i have seen i find them all to be miserable. like the cook...,whatever positive cinematic flourishes he displays, are totally unredeemed by the repugnancy of his material and overall presentation.

this film was just painful to watch... not in the good dramatic way that makes you cringe with emotions for well developed characters in dramatic situations (yeah, i pretty much made that last sentence up as i went along), but in just an absolute dull way for over two hours. now, you all may think i'm just some ignorant reviewer who has no respect for shakespeare or "artistic film-making"... well, you'd be wrong on both counts. i love the works of shakespeare, especially the tragedies of romeo and juliet, julius caesar, macbeth, and hamlet, and i've watched plenty of "arthouse" films such as the surreal and well-made eraserhead and fellini's 8 1/2... but this was just over two hours of lost-in-translation shakespeare, way too much nudity (i can understand artistic nudity in some scenes... but not in every other shot of a movie!!! it was pointless and served nothing for the story!!!), and basically just overzealous film-making. i had high expectations for this film in that it was said to be "very artistic" and was an adaptation of shakespeare's the tempest... but this was just an extreme letdown. i gave this film a three only because of sir john gielgud's acting presence (which far surpassed all of the no-names in this film) and the cinematography/set design combination as it made a lot of scenes look like paintings in motion... however, a lot of this film would've been better off as just a painting with a scroll of text below it. a true disappointment... maybe if zeffirelli had been given the director's chair, this would've been much better. but this is one audience member's opinion, many others may enjoy this far more than me. that being said, if you can't find this at any nearby video stores (it's currently not on dvd), don't try to go too far out of your way to find it... it's not really worth it.

it seems as if in science fiction you have this periodic throwback to perform an odd phenomenon that appears in long serial novels. it's where the first novel (dune, ender's game) blows you away with an actionpacked revolutionary story. the sequels however take that universe and lead you down the garden path to whatever new little social or political commentary the author wants to make. the matrix is finally the film equivalent. the matrix stands tall, alone, as an interesting film with an odd twist in the middle. seeing this cash cow just sitting there, and wanting to explore other aspects of society, the writers and directors then lead you through what has to be some of the most painful monologues and non-action sequences in scifi. while the visuals remain as stunning from the first movies, the new explorations of the characters falls terrible flat in the sequel. watch for eye candy, not for deep thought.4 out of 10, as registered by this fine website.

what the hell was all that about? i saw the matrix and was amazed. it was the most spectacular movie ever made. what ever possesed the wachowski brothers to do this film is beyond me.there is no plot, you can't argue with that. basically all this film was was a load of talking, and don't get me wrong, i have no problem with talky films, but all the talking in the matrix reloaded was a pointless load of drivvle. then there would be a fight sequence which lasted way too long, then more pointless drivvle, then another fight scene that lasts too long and it all builds up to the biggest anti-climax ever. a little bearded bloke talking a load of uncomprehensible bull for 20 minutes.also, keanu reeves gives his worst performance yet. i knew he wasn't a good actor but this was beyond a joke. if you watch his films in the order he was in them it would seem he got gradually worse as they went along. god knows what his performance is like in something's gotta give! keanu reeves: the only plank of wood ever to become an actor.after the splendor of the first film this came as a massive dissapointment. if you haven't already seen the first film i suggest you watch it, but don't waste your time with this utter pile of turd.

as a fan of science-fiction movies, i have been aware of the matrix since its release in 1999. from the little bit i would allow people to tell me about it, i assumed it was highly original and sophisticated. i am also a devotee of alice in wonderland. i could never quite figure out how i missed the matrix when it was released. with the imminent release of the matrix reloaded, it was time to buy the dvd and watch it.the disappointment was too great. the premise of the matrix (the controlling device as opposed to the movie) was clever. the philosophical premise of parallel worlds, alternate realities is shopworn. however, i could still have bought into the film, as science-fiction, if it stayed firmly in that genre. unfortunately, it turned into a standard, "will they or won't they escape, break through, rescue those in need of rescue, etc." to make matters worse, it turned out to be another martial arts exercise. the problem is that science-fiction and martial arts films are really two different types. to the purest, the devotee of one or the other, mixing the two doesn't work. it is like mixing science-fiction with romance. you can have one or the other, but not both in the same film, or, at least, not both to the same extent in the same movie.if there were such problems with the matrix, the matrix reloaded really compounded the problems. at least thirty minutes of the film were either martial arts sequences or the protracted car-chase. (this observation ignores the question, made in every professional, negative review of the movie: if neo could do the superman thing, why bother to fight at all? the answer, of course, is that's what draws the young, male demographic group into the theatre.) then there is the "redemption through love" aspect. that plot device was worn out by richard wagner over a hundred years ago. it was actually handled better by him in die gotterdammerung.so where does that leave those who saw the matrix reloaded. martial arts fans probably groaned through the trite, but arcane sci-fi philosophizing. science fictions fans were wondering why they were sitting through a kung-fun fest. most of the males in the audience where probably bored by the silly romance aspect of the film.just what are you supposed to be getting for your bucks when you see the matrix franchise films: science fiction, martial arts, or soap opera? a bit of each does not make for a whole lot more of any of them, nor for a satisfying film for the afficionados of each.

i felt asleep, watching it!!! (and i had tickets for the midnight- premiere) any questions? the most disturbing scene, as far as i can remember, was the techno-dance-i-dont-know-what-that-was-scene. by the way what an ending!?

`the matrix' was an exciting summer blockbuster that was visually fantastic but also curiously thought provoking in its `twilight zone'-ish manner. the general rule applies here- and this sequel doesn't match up to its predecessor. worse than that, it doesn't even compare with it.`reloaded' explodes onto the screen in the most un-professional fashion. in the opening few seconds the first impression is a generally good one as trinity is shot in a dream. immediately after that, the film nose-dives. after a disastrous first 45 minutes, it gradually gains momentum when they enter the matrix and the agent smith battle takes place. but it loses itself all speed when it reaches the 14-minute car chase sequence and gets even worse at the big groan-worthy twist at the end. worst of all is the overlong `zion rave' scene. not only does it have absolutely nothing to do with the plot, but it's also a pathetic excuse for porn and depressive dance music.the bullet-time aspect of `the matrix' was a good addition, but in `'reloaded' they overuse to make it seem boring. in the first one there were interesting plot turns, but here it is too linear to be remotely interesting. the movie is basically, just a series of stylish diversions that prevent us from realising just how empty it really is. it works on the incorrect principle that bigger is better. it appears that `the matrix' franchise has quickly descended into the special effects drenched misfire that other franchises such as the `star wars' saga have.the acting standard is poor for the most part. the best character of course goes to hugo weaving's `agent smith'- the only one to be slightly interesting. keanu reeves is the definitive neo, but in all the special effects, there is little room to make much of an impact. academy award nominee laurence fishburne is reduced to a monotonous mentor with poor dialogue. carrie ann moss' part as the action chick could have been done much better by any other actress. a poor, thrown-together movie, `the matrix reloaded' is a disappointment. those who didn't like the first one are unlikely to flock to it. this one's for die-hard fans only. even in the movie's own sub-genre of special effect bonanzas (minority report, the matrix etc.) this is still rather poor. my imdb rating: 4.5/10.

i love memoirs of a geisha so i read the book twice; it is one of the best book i've read last year. i was looking forward to the movie and was afraid that reading the book would ruin the viewing pleasure of the movie. i wasn't expecting the movie to be that bad. some of the best part of the book was omitted from the movie and the characters were weak with hatsumomo (li gong)been the worst. if i haven't read the book, this movie would be a little confusing and inexplicable. the plot outline of the movie states "nitta sayuri reveals how she transcended her fishing..." did anyone see how or when sayuri became nitta sayuri? forget the movie and read the book.

rather then long dance sequences and close ups of the characters which made the film drag on - the movie would have been better served explaining the story and motivations of the characters.the marginalisation of nubo, the minister, auntie, mother - and the dumbing down of the dynamic and important rivalry between hatsumo and mameha and hatsumo and sayuri made the movie lack any real depth. if you hadn't read the book you would not really understand why sayuri loved the chairman and why mameha became her mentor at all.visually the film was stunning - and the actors all did the best with the c rate script they were given, but that was all that was good about this movie.

having lived in japan for several years this movie does not reflect the japanese culture and does not even come close to explain what being a geisha is all about. unfortunately, a great opportunity has been missed to bring the japanese culture a bit closer to the broad western audience and help demystify the country where zen, samurai, the geisha world of kyoto originate from. some of the most poignant moments of the movie are when the americans are shown in japanese surroundings.the geisha dances were not authentic. there was far too much use of chinese music. a minor but essential detail: proper use of the incense sticks was nowhere to be seen. the sakura scenes were almost obscenely kitschy ! interestingly, some of the chinese actors were quite convincing as japanese persons.

even though the book wasn't strictly accurate to the real situation it described it still carried a sense of japan. i find it hard to believe that anyone who was involved in making this film had ever been to japan as it didn't feel japanese in the slightest. almost everything about it was terrible. i will admit the actors were generally quite good but couldn't stand a chance of saving it. before the film started i was surprised that there were only ten people in the cinema on a friday night shortly after the movie had opened in japan. 30 minutes in i was amazed they stayed. i stayed so i would have the right to criticize it. the whole movie was punctuated my groans and suppressed laughs of disbelief from my japanese girlfriend. everyone i saw walking out of that cinema had looks of confusion and disappointment on their faces. to the makers of this movie, you owe me two hours.

they had an opportunity to make one of the best romantic tragedy mafia movies ever because they had the actors,the budget,and the story but the great director john huston was too preoccupied trying to mellow out this missed classic.strenuously trying to find black humor as often as possible which diluted the movie very much.and also they were so uncaring with details like sound and detailed action.maybe it was the age of the director who passed away two years later.

well then, what is it?! i found nicholson's character shallow and most unfortunately uninteresting. angelica huston's character drained my power. and kathleen turner is a filthy no good slut. it's not that i "don't get it". it's not that i don't think that some of the ideas could've lead to something more. this is a film with nothing but the notion that we're supposed to accept these ideas, and that's what the movie has going for it. that nicholson falls for turner is absurd, but then again, it is intended to be so. this however does not strike me as a.)funny, or b.)...even remotely interesting!!! this was a waste of my time, so don't let the hype get the best of you...it is a waste of your time! with all that being said, the opening church sequence is quite beautiful...

it's boggles the mind how this movie was nominated for seven oscars and won one. not because it's abysmal or because given the collective credentials of the creative team behind it really ought to deserve them but because in every category it was nominated prizzi's honor disappoints. some would argue that old hollywood pioneer john huston had lost it by this point in his career but i don't buy it. only the previous year he signed the superb under the volcano, a dark character study set in mexico, that ranks among the finest he ever did. prizzi's honor on the other hand, a film loaded with star power, good intentions and a decent script, proves to be a major letdown.the overall tone and plot of a gangster falling in love with a female hit-man prefigures the quirky crimedies that caught hollywood by storm in the early 90's but the script is too convoluted for its own sake, the motivations are off and on the whole the story seems unsure of what exactly it's trying to be: a romantic comedy, a crime drama, a gangster saga etc. jack nicholson (doing a brooklyn accent that works perfectly for de niro but sounds unconvincing coming from jack) and kathleen turner in the leading roles seem to be in paycheck mode, just going through the motions almost sleepwalking their way through some parts. anjelica huston on the other hand fares better but her performance is sabotaged by her character's motivations: she starts out the victim of her bigot father's disdain, she proves to be supportive to her ex-husband, then becomes a vindictive bitch that wants his head on a plate.the colours of the movie have a washed-up quality like it was made in the early 70's and huston's direction is as uninteresting as everything else. there's promise behind the story and perhaps in the hands of a director hungry to be recognized it could've been morphed to something better but what's left looks like a film nobody was really interested in making.

99.999% pure crap. and the other .001% was a brief moment where i thought the blond chick was going to disrobe. nope.the dialogue was legendarily bad. the action sucked, and there was no sex (the afore mentioned blond chick is modestly dressed, alas, the whole movie). the cgi had the dubious honor of being the worst i've ever seen on film, and the anachronisms were numerous and glaring. acting was mediocre even from ben cross and marina sirtis, the only 'names' in this movie. and marina sirtis looked really, really bad.i've seen high school plays more capably produced. this is the kind of movie that mst3k thrived on. heads should roll at sci-fi for allowing this steaming pile on the air.

turned out to be another failed attempt by the laughable sci-fi channel. i am not sure who wrote the script, and interpreted the poem, but i am sure it was by some 17 year old teen who thought it would be awesome to a have a scoped crossbow in the movie. aaaaaaah! when i saw that part, i lost all hope. then...they set off for heorot in a what looks to be the ship that christopher columbus sailed in! when they reach heorot, (which is supposed to be a norse mead hall) the sci-fi group of idiots decided to make heorot look like a big stone castle. when i saw that part.. i wanted to scream. i really wanted this movie to be good, but sci-fi has yet to produce a good movie, so i don't know why i got my hopes up. oh..and grendel and his mother, are stupid also. (this comment is off topic about "grendel")if anyone from the sci-fi channel is reading this..here is some good advice. not every movie you make has to be about a big monster that can rip people in half, thats not what science fiction is about! and also, stop casting low-grade actors like stephen baldwin to be in your films! its not helping the movie, but making it worse!!!

this movie is a farce! names are grossly mispronounced and the plot is twisted and gnarled into something unrecognizable by any literature enthusiast. and they have the gall to give beowulf a ridiculous cannon/crossbow weapon. beowulf doesn't need a weapon like that! in the poem, he rips off grendel's arm with his bare hands! and i can't believe that the scriptwriters did such a thing. the way grendel is portrayed is impressive however. that and the cast are the only positive points of the feature. my english teacher would go insane if she saw this abomination. unless you are a die-hard fan of the epic poem "beowulf," avoid this film at all costs. and even then, i wouldn't recommend it.

may the saints preserve us, because this movie is not going to help.someone with access needs to e-mail mel gibson and tell him we need a faithful production of beowulf. something that actually has something in common with the epic poem that is the foundation for all modern western literature.the recent (since 2000) versions of beowulf make we wonder two things. first, why is there so much interest in the story. second, why are all these filmmakers squandering mountains of cash on this crap.the only reason this got a two is that the version with lambert in it (beowulf 2000) was worse and needed the 1.what is even worse, some people will watch this and get the wrong idea about the poem. how can an industry where peter jackson gets a literary conversion to film so right can get it so wrong. i mean really, the roman forum as a model for heorot is too much.and please, horns on helmets? spare me. this is insulting./hjm

after having seen the canadian/icelandic/british 2004 production of "beowulf & grendel," which i thought brilliant and stunning, i approached this--the first of 3 newer beowulf movies due out this year--with trepidation. as soon as i heard "viking" and saw the horned helmets, i groaned. these were migration era swedes and danes, not vikings (they came later). and even the vikings never wore horns on their helmets (horns make it easy for your enemy to knock your helmet off and then brain you). then there's hrolfgar's palace, which looks like a set for a movie about greece or rome, not 6th-century denmark. the swords and armor look like props left over from earlier films set in various historic periods. i spotted weapons that might have been used by crusaders in "kingdom of heaven," and one character was even wielding a windlass steelcrafts reproduction movie sword from "beowulf & grendel"! beyond the basic plot of the original epic poem, the writing was dismal and the acting totally wooden and unconvincing. the biggest yuk was a secret-weapon crossbow, complete with sighting scope and exploding projectiles, that looked like something bought from iraqi insurgents. the special-effects monster and his mom were so on steroids that beowulf could never have torn off an arm, as he did in the poem. thank the gods for bazooka crossbows! i could go on, but i won't.

i watched grendel the other night and am compelled to put together a public service announcement.grendel is another version of beowulf, the thousand-year-old anglo-saxon epic poem. the scifi channel has a growing catalog of inoffensive and uninteresting movies, and the previews promised an inauthentic low-budget mini-epic, but this one refused to let me switch channels. it was staggeringly, overwhelmingly, bad. i watched in fascination and horror at the train wreck you couldn't tear your eyes away from. i reached for a notepad and managed to capture part of what i was seeing. the following may contain spoilers or might just save your sanity. you've been warned.- just to get it over with, beowulf's warriors wore horned helmets. trivial issue compared to what came after. it also appears that the helmets were in a bin and handed to whichever actor wandered by next. fit, appearance and function were apparently irrelevant.- marina sirtis had obviously been blackmailed into doing the movie by the ringling brothers, barnum and bailey circus. she managed to avoid a red rubber nose, but the clowns had already done the rest of her makeup.- ben cross pretended not to be embarrassed as the king. his character, hrothgar, must have become king of the danes only minutes before the film opened and hadn't had a chance to get the crown resized to fit him yet.- to facilitate the actors' return to their day jobs waiting tables, none were required to change their hairstyles at all. the variety of hair included cornrows, sideburns, buzz cuts and a mullet and at least served to distract from the dialog. to prove it was a multi-national cast, all were encouraged to retain whatever accent they chose.- as is typical with this type of movie (at least since mad max), leather armor was a requirement. in this case it was odd-shaped, ill-fitting and brand-new.- the female love interest, ingrid, played by alexis peters, followed a long-standing tradition of hotties who should be watched with the volume turned completely down.- the unintended focus of the movie was a repeating, compound crossbow with exploding bolts. it never needed to be loaded and even had a recoil when fired. it managed to shred the laws of physics, the integrity of the original legend, historical fact and plot suspense all by itself.- hrothgar's palace, heorot, rather than being a norse long hall, apparently was designed and constructed by artisans who sank with atlantis.- beowulf arrived at the danes' homeland in a two-masted stern-castled ship that originally was part of a set, the other two being the santa maria and the pinta.- prince unferth observed beowulf's ship's approach using a telescope. before you could recover from that astounding innovation, you got to see the ship from his point of view. judging from the angle, the prince was in an aircraft of some sort.- fun fact 1: in bulgaria, fire (as from a fireplace) creates light without heat. this explains why you could see the actors' breath whether indoors or out.- fun fact 2: dark age dancing in denmark looks like slow dances i went to in the 8th grade.- fun fact 3: you, too, can make a catapult with a timed-release air-burst explosive. but, don't expect it to actually harm anything. incidentally, beowulf was apparently a veteran of world war ii, yelling "incoming!" to shred any remaining suspension of disbelief.- grendel was so upset and always in a snit because as a completely cgi creation he couldn't leave footprints. even in snow.- grendel's mom ("hag") was in a foul mood because she was a single mother and junior hadn't inherited her wings. recessive gene, i suppose. by the way, we can now make an educated guess that grendel's pop was probably swamp thing.- grendel and mom chose to randomly kill, fly away with or drag away their prey based only on a close reading of the next few pages of the script.- fun medical fact: being slammed by a mythical beast hard enough to be thrown fifty feet against stone causes slight facial scratches that don't bleed much.- the sword of legend beowulf used to dispatch the hag was as long as he was tall and would have contained enough steel to put a second deck on the golden gate bridge. luckily the wobbling dispelled any concerns over its weight.- best line of the movie: prince unferth had just been impaled by hag and spit a quart of blood roughly six feet. princess ingrid cradled him gently and said, "you're going to be okay, my prince." so much for that job at the triage clinic.i feel better now.

this is a made-for-tv and rather needless sci-fi channel retelling of the beowulf story, especially after the recent 2005 film "beowulf and grendel". this movie doesn't really get into beowulf's story, but just takes us through his battle against the ravenous beast known as grendel as it leaves a kingdom in absolute fear and turmoil while the powerful viking warrior, beowulf is called upon to rid them of the monster's rampage. if this is successfully accomplished, the king will no longer have to sacrifice the children to keep it at bay. after a few failed attempts, the creature is slain, but it's angry and vengeful mother soon attacks, leaving it up to beowulf to, again, lend his mighty acts of bravery and strength to defeat it. "grendel" looks like it was shot on a tiny budget and the cg effects are terrible. like i said, this movie is absolutely needless.

nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make an *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. there are movies so bad they are good (a la ed wood or tod slaughter films), and there's just plain bad (like 99% of uwe boll's "work"). this film is barely tolerable even if you are a brilliantly talented mstie riffer (e.g., mystery science theatre 3000). thankfully while i am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works all the time), for those who are not so naturally talented in mstie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to pull your own head off, painfully aware the movie "taboo" robs you of about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never get back. even my mstie talents were barely a match for this slow paced, boring waste of time. the most puzzling aspect of this film is that *someone* green-lit and/or funded it... i rented "taboo" solely for the normally talented amber benson, who clearly must have been blackmailed into doing this film. i've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which i'd better read first. ironically the best aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location.

there is no reason to see this movie. a good plot idea is handled very badly. in the middle of the movie everything changes and from there on nothing makes much sense. the reason for the killings are not made clear. the acting is awful. nick stahl obviously needs a better director. he was excellent in in the bedroom, but here he is terrible. amber benson from buffy, has to change her character someday. even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappointed. even though the movie was 80 minutes, which is too short for a good movie (but too long for this one),there are no deleted scenes in the dvd which means they never bothered to fill in the missing parts to the characters.don't spend the time on this one.

there is no reason to see this movie. a good plot idea is handled very badly. in the middle of the movie everything changes and from there on nothing makes much sense. the reason for the killings are not made clear. the acting is awful. nick stahl obviously needs a better director. he was excellent in in the bedroom, but here he is terrible. amber benson from buffy, has to change her character someday. even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappointed. even though the movie was 80 minutes, which is too short for a good movie (but too long for this one),there are no deleted scenes in the dvd which means they never bothered to fill in the missing parts to the characters.don't spend the time on this one.

this was quite possibly the worst film i've ever seen. the plot didn't make a whole lot of sense and the acting was awful. i'm a big fan of amber benson, i think she's usually a wonderful actress, i can't imagine why she decided to do this film. her character, piper, is drunk for almost the whole film, with the exception of the opening scene. on the plus side, there was several points in the film where the acting was so bad, i actually laughed out loud. but despite that, i would not recommend this film to anyone. it's only 80 minutes long, but that's 80 minutes of your life that you will have completely wasted.

don't waste your time or money on this one. the half decent cast might fool you into thinking that this teen-thriller, whilst hardly about to break any records, might lightly entertain for 80 minutes.it won't.it won't make you scared, laugh, cry or even challenge your intellect. it will leave you wondering how on earth this movie ever finished production. yes, it really is that poor.

...and i never thought a movie deserved to be awarded a 1! but this one is honestly the worst movie i've ever watched. my wife picked it up because of the cast, but the storyline right since the dvd box seemed quite predictable. it is not a mystery, nor a juvenile-catching film. it does not include any sensuality, if that's what the title could remotely have suggest any of you. this is just a total no-no. don't waste your time or money unless you feel like watching a bunch of youngsters in a as-grown-up kind of gothic setting, where a killer is going after them. nothing new, nothing interesting, nothing worth watching. max makowski makes the worst of nick stahl.

i watched this movie on the grounds that amber benson rocks and nick stahl is generally pretty cool - i figured that any film featuring two actors i like and respect couldn't be all bad. and in that sense, i was right - considering the cringe-making dialogue they were given, both of them perform reasonably well. not well enough to stop the movie from sucking, you understand, but well enough that i was able to make it through the 75-odd minutes of movie (and that's the main sign of an awful film: when, at 40 minutes through, you're already praying for it to be over).it's hard to know where to start with the problems in "taboo". the dialogue, as mentioned, is appalling; wooden and completely unnatural. january jones' acting is unbelievably bad, and since she's the character we spend most of our time following around the house, this is an unforgivable flaw. the plot manages to be so convoluted that it makes no sense while simultaneously being so clichéd as to be completely predictable (literally, not one of the major 'twists' in this film would surprise anyone but a toddler). a few interesting shots aside, the director tries far too hard with far too little success, awkward tracking shots and jittery camera-work distracting from what little element of story there is.three of this movie's stars are awarded for the fact that it contains amber benson, and the last is tossed in on the grounds that one of the jokes made me snigger a little bit. i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, ever, under any circumstances. avoid at all costs.

i won't argue with anyone who pronounces this film execrable, as is january jones's performance, but please check her out, if you haven't already, in the amc tv series 'mad men," starting later this month. she's excellent, as is the entire cast. i'll charitably assume she took on the "taboo" role strictly for the money, and, realizing what a putrid mess it was going to be, turned in a minimal acting job to avoid starvation. don't know if that's the case, but i (now) know for sure that she can act.at first, watching "taboo," i was convinced her flat delivery was a shrewd choice that would later give rise to some significant revelation about her character or the plot. no such luck. hard to believe the director didn't suggest to her at least once that not changing expression for 17 successive scenes could cause lockjaw.ironically, her winning performance in "mad men" comes as a character who, at least in her early appearances, is very repressed, reserved, unsure of herself, and rather colorless, not unlike her "taboo" role. but as the tv series progressed, she began to blossom into someone who questions her traditional early-60's whitebread mom role. can't wait to see where they take her character in the 2nd season.to sum up, avoid "taboo" like leprosy, but definitely check out "mad men."

the movie has the longest, most tortured and agonized ending of any movie i've seen in a long time. unfortunately it starts right after the opening credits. january jones gives such a wooden performance, i was surprised she didn't go up in flames when she got near the candles in the film. i don't really remember her from the other films she's done (a blessing i have to believe. i never criticize an actors performance because in film there are too many things which can affect it but in this case,it is so bad that it actually stands out from the atrocious script. granted she's given lines and situations meryl streep would have trouble with but i swear at times shes reading from a cue card off set. at other times i thought she might actually be learning disabled or slow in some way. for real! the plot, dialog and pacing are as bad as you'll ever see but there is still no excuse for this performance nor for the director that let it be perpetrated. i feel sorry for the other actors. cruel intentions/ 10 little indians/breakfast club shoved into a rotten burrito then regurgitated by a grade school writer- director. take that back this has studio exec crayola all over it.

***spoiler alert***i love tim roth, i really do, and he does his best with an unbelievable role. i can see how this is a movie that might look good as a script, but it's convoluted, unlikely and ultimately silly. i saw the fake death ending coming a mile away. rene z. tries hard with an underwritten part, and so does patricia arquette. the detective whose name i can't remember (the one that's not chris penn) is a big sweaty over actor. see it if you're not smart enough to differentiate between a movie being so clever you can't follow it, and so confusing you can't understand it. see it if you like cheesy camera work that makes you seasick. see it if you love to watch tim roth work with an unwieldy script. see it if it comes on late at night for free. otherwise, rent the usual suspects.

loaded with fine actors, i expected much more from "deceiver" than was delivered. the plot is extremely contrived and manipulative. the many flashbacks only add to the confusion. believability flies out the window and with the ending becomes unbearable and downright ridiculous. i would strongly advise anyone who likes their movie plots to be based on something that is at least possible to avoid "deceiver" because you will be very frustrated. maybe i am just not hip enough to get it, but my suspicion is that many others were totally confused by the story line and especially by the ending. blurring the line between reality and lies simply does not work because the entire movie made no sense. - merk

rachel, jo, hannah, tina, bradley and john are all on top form here. they deserve oscar nominations for their performances. i am a great fan of the tv show aswell. their music rocks and they're all so talented! i am also a great exponent of sarcasm!!!!!!if you're an s club fan do not read this!!!!!the performances are terribly weak, the dialogue is terrible and the jokes are not even executed properly (i feel sorry for the director). the jokes are so unbelievably bad that 8 little, passionate s club fans weren't laughing. they thought they could do it better. and they did. they conquered the world. they became s club juniors. paul, "the fat, ugly one who started a mosh band" must be thanking his lucky stars that he left when he did. one of the worst movies ever made. beware of this movie! do not go and see it! you won't laugh! you will cry! 0/10 rjt

being s club seven, the film already boosts an ecstatic atmosphere! but seriously, oprah has a point when claiming: "don't go there, girl!" spice world suddenly doesn't seem to be all that bad... i take my money elsewhere!

you remember the spice girls movie and how bad it was (besides the songs), well their manager simon fuller (also this band's manager) makes the same error putting s club (another of my favourite bands) in their own film. s club: tina barrett, jon lee, bradley mcintosh, jo o'meara, hannah spearritt and rachel stevens (what happened to the seventh member, paul cattermole?) basically ask their boss for a break, they go on, and while there they see themselves on tv! three of them swap, and vice versa, half discover they are clones made by a greedy scientist, and the other half just get themselves in trouble. also starring gareth gates as a clone of himself. this film may have more of a plot than spice girls' film did, but besides the songs "bring it all back", "don't stop movin'" and "never had a dream come true" this is no goo reason to see this film. not too long after the band split for good. adequate!

if you can make it thru "classic meyer" titles/intro, you can wade thru anything. but would you want to? i did not find a lot there to dig my teeth into. i suppose if you go into it with low enuff expectations you will be delighted (a la charlie's angels.) but for my money i'd like a little something more, more visual, more moving. more. i feel like i'm begging for gruel @ the foot of the master . the mans got the goods . but he just won't share.

i had to watch this film because the plot was so outrageous and the film lived up to expectations. in fact it makes for quite uncomfortable viewing at times. unlike other meyer films, the sexual antics are down to a minimum. some of the scenes of violence are unnecessarily gratuitous and offensive. the plot is chaotic and some of the acting and lines are dreadful.the film is a strange combination of sado-masochistic fantasy combined with a window of the brutality and immorality of the slavery and fails on all counts. it's as though meyer was trying to make up for the sexploitation/ blackploitation by having a higher moral message. meyer knows we feel a bit guilty about getting turned on by the blatant dominatrix connotations of the early scene showing lady susan wielding a whip in a provocative outfit. he then tries to steer back to the righteous path by turning it into a film about the triumph of good over evil. however, because they cancel each other out, you end up with nothing.because it so bad in so many ways, it is actually worth watching if you appreciate the art of making an awful film in the worst possible taste. perhaps, because it is so bad, we almost let meyer get away with the unacceptable.

made one year before ilsa, she-wolf of the ss, blacksnake could have easily been called susan, she-wolf of the plantation and it probably inspired the producers behind the nazi sexploitation epics to go ahead with their more infamous films because the stories are identical: a gorgeous, horny, head strong (but stupid) blonde woman degrades and kills many people under her control, whom all hate her and want her dead. sounds familiar? director russ meyer and david friedman, the producer behind the ilsa flicks, are good friends and they started their careers together. so, obviously, there's a connection there. looking at blacksnake, i can't help but think that russ meyer wanted to move on and do something else than his typical busty women epics because xxx movies were all the rage during the mid 1970s, and russ meyer films, though filled with nudity and kinkiness and violence, were never even close to real porn. his films started to look positively quaint next to deep throat and other hard-core porno blockbusters. meyer knew he couldn't compete with such films and blacksnake is sorta the end result of such a quandary in his career. he obviously wanted to branch out into different uncharted territory. but blacksnake bombed at the b.o. and meyer quickly returned to making vixen type of films that, even if they still weren't pornographic, they were most definitely more over-the-top than any of his previous films.it's no wonder blacksnake was a b.o. failure. it's just terrible. trash-o-rama. jaw-droppingly bad. it's a quasi-campy take on slavery, if you can imagine that. the end result is jarring. one minute, we're in typical meyer territory: exuberant, playful and silly, and then the next minute, super serious meditation on slavery and violence. huh? it just doesn't work. the slavery/racism aspect is woefully mishandled and veers this movie in the true exploitation category. but blacksnake is not as sleazy as ilsa she wolf of the ss and those kind of films, so i imagine fans of the latter were disappointed by it, which would explain the almost lack of interest in this movie from either exploitation fans or russ meyer fans. meyer blames the failure of blacksnake because, and i quote, "it didn't have enough breasts in it." well, i'm sorry russ, but the film is just bad, breast or no breasts. but he's right though about the low breast quota. except for anouska and the maid, the film's cast is male. meyer replaces his usual bevy of buxom babes with throng of hunks with massive pecs, in the form of anonymous black actors playing the slaves and the big david (darth vader) prowse. and with anouska's right hand man around, who is portrayed as a ruthless but clever gay man who enjoys the power he has over the men, one can only wonder what meyer was really trying to create here.blacksnake stars david warbeck, who is lusted after by anouska and her right hand man. poor david. he looks totally befuddled by the whole experience. he did seem to have fun making the movie but you can clearly see that, at times, he has no idea what's going on. and then there's anouska hempel. she's a beautiful woman...for the 1970s, not the 1870s. with her makeup and hair, she looks like a typical 1970s brit pin-up babe than a turn of the century dominatrix. and her wardrobe is hilarious. at one time, she actually unzips her leather boots! i didn't know they had zippers in those days. but the character she plays is, in itself, really degrading (no pun intended). she's nothing but a cipher to the object of lust and scorn of every men (and that woman) on the island. for example, one night, when david and anouska are getting it on, her annoying slave driver walks in the room, knocks david unconscious and tries to rape her, groping her savagely. the next day, the slave driver is still working for anouska and the two act as if nothing had happened. it's totally ludicrous. under any circumstance, had her character been a real person, anouska would have whipped the slave driver senseless and kicked his butt off the island. or even killed him. but the fact that the woman keeps him on her plantation after he tried to rape her is stretching the flimsy story and characters' credulity to the max.ridiculous details like this, and the thoroughly startling blaxploitation angle makes blacksnake a strangely unpleasant but watchable movie. watchable in the train wreck variety. i just couldn't help but watch the film for the utter baseless aspects of it all (the excellent cinematography sorta makes it easier to watch). so, this being an exploitation film, i guess it succeeded in doing what it was supposed to do. but blacksnake is mainly for russ meyer completists.

revolt of the zombies is bad. there is nothing remotely entertaining about the movie. it is dull, lifeless, poorly acted, and poorly scripted. i've often complained that the original dracula is a little slow for my taste, well this movie makes dracula look like a roller coaster ride. the 65 minute running time seemed like 165 minutes.the story: an expedition is sent to cambodia to find the secrets of mind control through "zombification". one man finds the secret and uses it to make the woman he loves marry him. once this happens, he releases the zombies under his control to horrific consequences. that's it. that's the whole story.for most of the movie, i was trying to figure out where i had seen the male lead. he looked so familiar. i had plenty of time to think this over. nothing was happening in the movie. just before the "zombies revolted", it hit me. it was dean jagger. i had seen him recently as the general in white christmas. this is how i "entertained" myself throughout most of the movie.i'm just glad i didn't buy the dvd for this movie. king of the zombies is on the other side and it's a masterpiece of film making compared with this movie. for what it's worth, i'll give it a 2/10. (i won't go to 1/10 because, believe it or not, i've seen worse.)

with this movie only running 61 minutes and nothing all that good on television, i decided to pop revolt of the zombies into the dvd to pass the time. even while realizing the era from which it was coming, i was sorely disappointed. it started with the oddly upbeat quality of the opening score (what - no brooding music?) and then the rather slow moving opening sequences. gosh, i figured a movie about zombies - even from the 1930s - would have some chills to it (white zombie, with bela lugosi, certainly did) but this had none. zero. it was scarcely even dramatic (except for the few moments with the burning eyes superimposed on the film to indicate the mesmerization of someone). like the equally dull king of the zombies, this movie may be an interesting curiosity to own, but nothing more.

revolt of the zombies starts with armand louque (dean jagger) trying to convince general duval (george cleveland) that his mate tsiang (william crowell) is a priest who has the power to hypnotise people & render them under his control turning them into mindless zombies (a bit like the people i work with really). anyway, tsiang is murdered by colonel mazovia (roy d'arcy) but fails to gain the knowledge of turning people into zombies. an expedition has been set up by general duval to hunt for the secret since tsiang ain't going to tell them much anymore. general duval heads the expedition along with his daughter claire (dorothy stone) who is engaged to louque who also comes along. during the expedition claire dumps louque for his mate clifford grayson (robert noland) at which louque isn't too pleased about. in a way that could only happen in a film louque finds the secret to turning people into zombies by himself & starts to use his new found power to gain revenge on claire & clifford... co-written & directed by victor halperin revolt of the zombies has a bad reputation & after watching it i can see why. the script by halperin, howard higgin & rollo lloyd all uncredited, has a good central idea but is killed stone cold dead by being dull & as exciting as watching paint dry. nothing much happens for ages & then nothing much happens afterwards either. how halperin depicts his zombies is different to that which most modern audiences would consider to be a zombie, these zombies are just brainwashed people & filmgoing audiences would have to wait over thirty years before george a.romero would define what a zombie is now thought as in night of the living dead (1968). at only about an hour in length revolt of the zombies still feels too long. technically the film is ok considering it was made 70 years ago, the black & white cinematography is adequate although some of the scenes look like they were shot against a photo of the background location. the acting is wooden & largely unimpressive. revolt of the zombies might have been hot stuff in 1936 but it hasn't dated well & in 2005 it's an absolute chore to sit through. i believe the film is now public domain as it turns up on lots of ultra cheap dvd compilations & budget labels, but it's still not worth watching no matter how cheap you can get it for.

of the many problems with this film, the worst is continuity; and re-editing it on vhs for a college cable channel many years ago, i tried to figure out what exactly went wrong. what seems to have happened is that they actually constructed a much longer film and then chopped it down for standard theatrical viewing. how much longer? to fill in all the holes in the plot as we have it would require about three more hours of narrative and character development - especially given the fact that the film we do have is just so slow and takes itself just so seriously.that's staggering; what could the halperins have possibly been trying to accomplish here? their previous film, "white zombie", was a successful low budget attempt to duplicate the early universal studios monster films (the mummy, dracula, etc.), and as such stuck pretty close to the zombie mythology that those in north america would know from popular magazines.revolt of the zombies, to the contrary, appears to have been intended as some allegory for the politics of modern war. this would not only explain the opening, and the change of dean jagger's character into a megalomaniac, but it also explains why the zombies don't actually do much in the film, besides stand around, look frightening, and wait for orders - they're just allegorical soldiers, not the undead cannibals we've all come to love and loathe in zombie films.i am the equal to any in my dislike for modern war and its politics - but i think a film ought to be entertaining first, and only later, maybe, educational. and definitely - a film about zombies ought to be about zombies.truly one of the most bizarre films in hollywood history, but not one i can recommend, even for historic value.

"after world war i, an expedition representing the allied countries is sent to cambodia to stop the efforts of count mazovia in creating a zombie like army of soldiers and laborers. hoping to prevent a possible outbreak of war due to mazovia's actions, the group presses through the jungle to angkor wat in spite of the perils. the group includes armand who has his own agenda contrary to the group's wishes," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis. heads up! the zombie make-up department revolted before the cameras started to roll. also, this "revolt of the zombies" has little to do with its supposed predecessor "white zombie" (1932) *****, which starred bela lugosi. if that film's zombies didn't thrill you, this one's certainly won't. a younger-than-usual dean jagger (as armand louque) stars as a man obsessive with blonde dorothy stone (as claire duval). a couple supporting performances are good: devilish roy d'arcy (as mazovia) and subservient teru shimada (as buna); however, neither are given enough material to really pull this one out of the dumps.** revolt of the zombies (1936) victor halperin ~ dean jagger, dorothy stone, roy d'arcy

the revolt of the zombies is not the worst movie i've ever seen, but it is pretty far down on the list. when an expedition is sent to cambodia to discover the trick to making zombies after world war i, one of the members decides to use the knowledge for his own evil ambitions. and he succeeds, at least at first. a love triangle complicates the story some.this really was a tedious movie, with horrible acting that made it difficult to tell who were zombies and who weren't. the dialog was little better and the plot was unbelievable (not the zombie part of it but parts related to the "romance"). and while i am not any student or expert on cinematography, the camera work didn't seem to help the film much either.while i have seen a few movies that are worse, this is unlikely to please anyone. it's bad, and not in a so-bad-that-it-is-good kind of way.

before the release of george romero's genre-defining night of the living dead, zombies were relatively well-behaved creatures. they certainly had much better table-manners in the old days. but social etiquette aside what thrills did these early zombies offer to the movie-going public? judging by this film, none whatsoever.the story is about an expedition to cambodia, whose purpose is to find and destroy the secret of zombiefication. one of the party discovers the secrets on his own and sets about building his zombie army.this film is basically a love triangle with zombies. but seeing as this is a 30's movie, the said zombies are more like somnambulists than the flesh-eating variety we think of today. they seem to respond to mind-control, rather than insatiable appetites. and, quite frankly, the 'revolt' is somewhat underwhelming too. the whole thing is really very dull. aside from the lack of horror, there isn't any over-the-top melodramatic theatrics to keep us entertained. it seems unlikely that this could've provided much entertainment even 70 years ago. see it if you have to see everything with 'zombie' in the title but otherwise i would advise skipping this one.

i'm working my way through the horror classics 50 movie pack collection and revolt of the zombies is one of the movies in the set. i am watching them with my soon-to-be seven-year old daughter, which makes most of these movies a laugh riot.i had high hopes for revolt of the zombies, after watching white zombie, which is really the precursor to so much that is the mainstay of zombies in cinema (think clive barker's serpent and the rainbow and james bond's live and let die funeral scene, not night of the living dead).however, even though the title includes the word "zombies," it is little more than a love triangle, involving anthropologist armand louque, who is smitten with claire duval; who in turn is taken with his companion clifford grayson. what a yawn-fest, my daughter fell asleep half-way through.i had a real hard time deciphering who these people worked for -- the allies or the axis; but, i guess that doesn't really matter.i was shocked to see bela lugosi in the credits for this movie; but, of course those were his eyes (from white zombie) serving as the mind-control device for the zombies.

i think the biggest failing something can have is to be boring. bad is actually better than boring. this thing has no breath. it does have the interesting fact of taking place in cambodia. how many american made films of the 30's take place in cambodia. nevertheless, the conflict there is a little hard to figure out. even the troop movements are a little confusing. what drags it to a resounding halt is the love story. why those two guys are so totally transfixed on the dippy blonde i don't know. i thought he should continue to use his zombies (such as they are) and forget all about her. the movie just plods along. the perfect microcosm is where one of the principle characters follows a cambodian priest through the water to get to the secret place where the hieroglyphics (or whatever) that explain how to turn people into zombies is kept. i thought they would never get there. one guy takes two steps. he stops. he looks around. the other guy hides behind some columns. he takes two steps. he stops. he looks around. the other guy hides behind some bushes. this is the movie in a nutshell. then there is the bad acting and insipid dialogue. i actually have a lot of patience when it comes to b movies. this one is insufferable. by the way, a more apt title would be revolt of the hypnotized.

within the first 17 minutes of director bradford may's "darkman iii: die darkman die", we have already been subjected to a silly recap and accompanying voice-over on the first two films, hilarious over-acting, about three minutes of footage simply ripped from the second film and re-edited slightly to seem like new footage, and a lengthy advertisement the scarred and tormented title character watches about universal theme parks- universal being the company that distributed this film. yes, "darkman iii: die darkman die" is quite the handful when it comes to cheap cash-ins on the success of a previous film.this time around, the disfigured anti-hero peyton westlake (aka, "darkman"; portrayed by "mummy" actor arnold vosloo) locks horns with evil crime-lord and lousy husband peter rooker (played in a brilliantly over-the-top performance by jeff fahey), and over the course of the 87 minute film grows to develop an affection for rooker's wife and daughter, once again learning to care for another person.blah. blah. blah.this film is basically just a silly way for the studio to make some more money off of sam raimi's original film, which i consider to be a great action-suspense film.oh yeah, and there are also a number of silly sub-plots, including a villainess who supposedly was one of the original doctors to save darkman following his scarring, and her seducing our hero into thinking she is an ally before revealing her nefarious plot to help rooker create more super-human powered thugs like darkman. apparently, she can't just do the same procedure on the thugs that she performed on darkman. why? i can't really explain it, because the movie certainly doesn't.there's also an assassination sub-plot involving a district attourney who is threatening to bring down rooker's organization, and some other very silly things going on.but it doesn't really add up. this film feels like two or three episodes of a television show edited together more than an actual film. the direction alternates between pretty good and downright sloppy (a scene where darkman rides his train-like vehicle and dodges a rocket-launcher is just plain silly), and the editing is a mixed-bag. the film just moves too quickly for anyone to really care what's going on. and without spoiling it, the final 15 minutes of this movie, and indeed, the entire series is just kinda... i dunno... another 15 minutes of mixed-bag footage.in fact, commenting on the editing, one of my favorite things in this film is watching for footage re-used from the previous films, and then looking for footage within this film that is repeated multiple times. yes, it's that cheap. it's one thing to do a re-cap at the beginning of the film, and maybe repeat a shot or two, but in the sheer volume they do it (minutes of footage repeated from previous films), it's just sloppy and amateurish.also, i have to say that darkman's psychedelic montage freak-outs are a bit overdone in this film. they are so stylized and overdone that they do work, but only in light doses and in proper context, as raimi did in the original film. here, there are at least four or five, and they feel very abrupt and out-of-place.that being said, the film is not without some good points. a few action scenes are well-done. the cliché story of darkman yearning for a real life works suitably for a direct-to-dvd feature. some of the acting is nice, particularly from rooker's wife, portrayed by the beautiful roxann dawson. also, while no danny elfman, composer randy miller composes some nice music that builds off of elfman's original themes.but overall, the film is too quick, cheap and silly to be taken seriously. arnold vosloo seems alternatively bored and exuberant from scene to scene, and fahey, while a joy to watch as an over-the-top villain, just doesn't quite fit in with the series.like "darkman ii", i would recommend this to fans of the original, who will surely get a laugh. otherwise, you need not apply. a four out of ten.

ok,but does that make this a good movie?well,not really,in my opinion.there isn't a whole lot to recommend it.i found it very slow,tediously,in fact.it's also predictable pretty much through and through.number one and two were somewhat predictable,but not as much.i also felt this movie was quite campy at times,which i didn't really think fits this series and the character.jeff fahey plays the main bad guy in this installment.he's a decent enough actor,but i felt he played his character too over the top.i guess that fit with the tone of the movie,which would have been great if i had liked the movie.plus,there were some pretty bad one liners.arnold vosloo returns in the title role,but is given little to work with in this movie.the character has not really evolved,as i had hoped.oh well.this is just my opinion.anyway,for me,while this movie is not abysmal,it is pretty bad.my vote for darkman iii: 3.5/5

i wont take too much time here, just wanted to state that darkman 3 is awesome. i have all 3 on dvd, added these to my collection of dvd movie sets. darkman ranks up there with the best, like indiana jones, aliens, star wars, die hard, you get the point. there isn't too many good horror, thriller, sets out there. many thanks to the whole crew, and set for giving us the darkman trilogy. by the way if your wondering how i came across this one on dvd. i purchased it through the internet, it is however region 4, as you know most us dvd players are region 1. if you own a sony playstation 2, you have the best dvd player since it is an all region player. just go to set up then choose witch region setting you want ( 1-9 ).

i too like dafoe as an actor but i wasted a few hours of my life actually watching this film, i still cant believe i managed to watch it in its entirety. was there actually a point to the film?, and the ending, well, im glad i never paid to see this awful pointless piece of pathetic excuse of a film!im not sure without hunting the facts out but is dafoe married or seeing the awful actress in this film in real life, if so was it an attempt to kick start her career?, if so im afraid it must have failed..i post this in the hope i can actually put someone off watching this film, even if 1 person takes heed of my comments and decides they would much rather watch paint drying i will feel i have made some good in the world, if only i had had the same advice...

this movie was the worst i've ever seen.it doesn't seem to have a plot but the time you realize this is far beyond the beginning of the movie so you have to watch the shut for a long time to recognize the total incompetence of the director, aka the sloth that plays the tampon chick in the movie, and we do not believe the willem dafoe in this movie, he's a clone, because the real dafoe, like we know from "apocalypse now" and "the boon dock saints", would never agreed to such a script.duh, (da)foe wrote this bill shut together with his twenty years minus baby. this movie starts with the credits of the two main characters, dafoe and colagrande, and then the two script writers, dafoe and colagrande, and then the director, colagrande.bottomline (the story); widow meets guy, guy bangs widow, widow smashes windscreen with guy who banged her.title in netherlands; the black widow (different title, same bullshit).do not watch this movie!!! it's a total waist of time!!!

i understand wanting to make a movie that is edgy and different. i understand the previous reviewer comments that this is a miss-understood movie. my point is as soon as this movie ended my first comment was: " this is what happens when a rich princess wants to be a movie star and has no talent".....she uses daddy's' money to make a movie she wrote, directs, and pays for.....obviously to close to the movie to realize there was no character development and no directions such as a beginning, middle and ending.....the voyeur part was good and edgy but what was the point? i saw a women go to a house, find some pictures, screw the caretaker, come out side on a very cold night (not believable) to check on noise and runs over her caretaker lover....movie ends......some one educate my ignorant arss?? i really want to know what the point is....what was the directors' vision.....why no development of the dead lover? why no background on the caretaker? what is the point of the night vision? what is the point of the lipstick on the car? why a dead caretaker? why tell us about an escaped mental patient/peeping tom? what's with the urn? oh and the lamp is that suppose to signify whose' house this is? territorial? why? why would the caretaker feel like it's his house? that aspect was never pursued......as for william defoe...i rented this movie because he was in it and known for edgy characters.....write back and do tell me what i need to learn....i am just a mom in middle america who loves movies....chris....

only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. a healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. in the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the "whore bitch" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had "no friends," as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. quite the technician with the human body, though. ex-abortionist? morgue attendant? a bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.it was fun watching these people move around, i guess, but eleanora's silly italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. i also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.trifling matters, you may well say. i agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. good owl-wrangling, though, and i really felt cold all the way through.

i saw this movie today at the haifa film festival in israel after hearing rave reviews, but i guess the critics were just sucking up to willem defoe and his wife (the director) who were present at the festival. it is definitely the slowest movie i have ever seen with numerous pointless, ridiculously long scenes of nothing. besides defoe who was decent, the acting of the two and a half other people in the movie, defoe's wife giada included, was ridiculously awful (how they cast the part of the salesgirl at the bakery is beyond me). this movie is pretty much plot less with a lame attempt to be abstract and off the wall. the only scene that stirred any kind of reaction in the crowd was vulgar and came from nowhere as if just to add some kind of shock value to the dullness that is this movie. sorry for being so harsh, but really this movie is a precious waste of time and money. i appreciate good indie cinema, but this movie is not worthy of moviegoers' time.

i am a huge willem dafoe fan, and really sought out this film (i had to get a region 5 chinese dvd of it!). but, it is truly one of the worst that i've seen in quite a while.the acting (except for dafoe) is horrible. dafoe and colagrande both wrote and directed this ( though he isn't credited as a director), and they have no discernible talents for writing or directing. (stick to acting willem; giada get out of the business, please!)absolutely nothing happens. except a series of completely unconvincing, totally without believable motivation, acts by these two people (that just met) in this house. colagrande's sleepy, i couldn't care less expression practically never changes. and the sex scenes are downright lame. i actually cringed twice at one of them. yuck! they're definitely not the least bit erotic, and yet are the only time the film isn't putting you to sleep. then, it's busy repulsing you.just awful.

predictable, told a thousand times story with the usual drama in between, a couple of pretty raunchy sex scenes intermingled with some character paranoia, 70's style incidental violin horror music that is comical at times, i couldn't help chuckling to myself.i usually like defoe, and it has to be said that the acting is not all that bad, the "plot" develops at a reasonable pace and does keep you guessing from time to time. its just that it's all too predictable, i felt like i was watching a made for tv drama instead of a new movie. maybe thats the style the directors wanted, but it has to be said that the review i read on here before i saw the movie could only have been written by someone involved in its production.don't expect too much, and if i could wind the clock back i wouldn't have gone to see it at the cinema. i would wait for the bargain bins at your video shop, i'm sure it wont take long.

ah, the sex-and-gore movie. it's too bad they don't make these anymore (unless you live in japan). but if they all turned out like this, that is not a bad thing.the movie basically consists of the two lovely vampires picking up "johns" along a country road, taking them home to their castle, having crazy sex with them, and then eating them (except the first victim, who they keep around for no particular reason). things are complicated when a woman camping with her husband becomes too curious about these mysterious women she keeps seeing. it gets real ugly from here. by the end, the two vamps are in such a bloodlust that they're eating everything in sight, and manage to let their captive victim escape. oops, so much for that secret existence.the fact that the two vampyres don't mind taking their clothes off and fooling around with each other is the only thing this movie has going for it. otherwise, it's a bloody, confusing mess (why is their tomb so far away from their castle?), watchable only for the scant few minutes of vampyre playtime. the only thing i got out of this movie was these two valuable bits of advice: shooting lesbians will not kill them; it will only turn them into vampires, and, don't pick up hookers along a country road; they are probably vampires. other than that, it really wasn't worth my time.

i was not nearly as smitten with this as many other reviewers. sure, it has a pair of lovely girls playing erotic, lesbian vampires. marianne morris and anulka d. play these two lovely sirens with razor teeth that run up to cars on a road out of the way, hitch to their home(at dusk), and invite their prey...sex-starved men to their boudoir. what happens there...well, after they disrobe and kiss each other mostly, they kill their visitors. director jose ramon larraz does have some flashes of brilliance with his camera. some scenes are quite eerie and effectively shot, but sex alone does not hold a film up(no pun intended...at least consciously). there really isn't much of a story here. we have the two girls. we are shown some inexplicable and unexplained beginning where we see them shot with pistol. why? what does it mean" why do we have the guy that stays for several days greet a guy at the hotel that insists he knows him from years ago? does that have a purpose? of course i have even more general questions like what is a couple of nice-looking girls doing as vampires in the english countryside and having a wine cellar filled with wine from the carpathians? anyway, the script is riddled with such flaws. it is also very sparse on the action outside of catch victims, wine and dine them(quite literally), and then go to bed in the crypt. the end gets going with some juicier scenes, but it is anti-climatic. there are, as i said, some effective scenes by the director...i particularly liked the way the girls dressed and were filmed in the woods looking for their prey. the house is also a most impressive set. and both girls are as i said very lovely. marianne morris in particular stands out - in more ways than one. for you older film fans, silent screen veteran bessie love has a brief cameo at film's end.

vampyres aspect ratio: 1.85:1sound format: monoa motorist (murray brown) is lured to an isolated country house inhabited by two beautiful young women (marianne morris and anulka) and becomes enmeshed in their free-spirited sexual lifestyle, but his hosts turn out to be vampires with a frenzied lust for human blood...taking its cue from the lesbian vampire cycle initiated by maverick director jean rollin in france, and consolidated by the success of hammer's "carmilla" series in the uk, jose ramon larraz' daring shocker vampyres pushed the concept of adult horror much further than british censors were prepared to tolerate in 1974, and his film was cut by almost three minutes on its original british release. it isn't difficult to see why! using its gothic theme as the pretext for as much nudity, sex and bloodshed as the film's short running time will allow, larraz (who wrote the screenplay under the pseudonym 'd. daubeney') uses these commercial elements as mere backdrop to a languid meditation on life, death and the impulses - sexual and otherwise - which affirm the human condition.shot on location at a picturesque country house during the autumn of 1973, harry waxman's haunting cinematography conjures an atmosphere of grim foreboding, in which the desolate countryside - bleak and beautiful in equal measure - seems to foreshadow a whirlwind of impending horror (larraz pulled a similar trick earlier the same year with symptoms, a low-key thriller which erupts into a frenzy of violence during the final reel). however, despite its pretensions, vampyres' wafer-thin plot and rough-hewn production values will divide audiences from the outset, and while the two female protagonists are as charismatic and appealing as could be wished, the male lead (brown, past his prime at the time of filming) is woefully miscast in a role that should have gone to some beautiful twentysomething stud. a must-see item for cult movie fans, an amusing curio for everyone else, vampyres is an acquired taste. watch out for silent era superstar bessie love in a brief cameo at the end of the movie.

this is one of the most hateful and cruel movies i've seen in a long time. sadly i was duped into sticking with it, since donald sutherland's presence misleadingly gave it some credibility. [that's the last time that'll happen.]lesley ann warren's character was annoyingly whiny and as stupid as they come. there were smarter characters than hers who were killed in the film. thats just one of many things in this movie that made me ask, "where is the justice?"why is late-night cable so filled with sadistic garbage filled with pathological mayhem? most of these films seem to have a particular problem with women, and seem to focus on them being terrorized and murdered. this film could have been every bit as suspenseful without being sick and twisted in the process. all it ends up doing is turning the viewer's stomach with its sickness, and insulting the viewer's intelligence.the cast is misleadingly good. my guess is that they bagged sutherland first, and used him to lure the others like lemmings into this.i'm kicking myself for wasting time, giving this piece of garbage a chance.

i won't mention any of the plot, because, although it would be highly predictable anyway, the one notable plot twist is given away everywhere, in the movie comments, in the plot summary here, and even in the synopsis on my netflix envelope. i might have enjoyed it more if i hadn't known that. maybe. this film has a deceptively good cast, most of whom did creditable acting with the rather limited material at hand, including donald sutherland, lesley ann warren, and tia carrere and rosemary dunsmore in smaller parts. it was impossible to like william mcnamara, but that was clearly by design. and there were a couple of quick nude scenes by the callipygian lenore zann. but none of this brings the slightest recommendation from me. don't any of these fine actors actually read these scripts before signing on?

it is not un-common to see u.s. re-makes of foreign movies that fall flat on their face, but here is the flip side!!! this is an awful re-make of the u.s. movie "wide awake" by the british!"wide awake" is strange but entertaining and funny! "liam" on the other hand is just strange. i must give credit to "liam" for one thing, and that is making it clear that i made the right choice in changing my religion!

my first question after seeing this film was, "why is the title liam?" if the intent was to tell a story from the boy's perspective, it was not carried out well. of course there was the formulaic use of camera angles in the boy's scenes, but much of the crucial action took place outside of his field of view. having a "main" character unable to speak (obviously suggesting the mute, powerless position of a child) makes it difficult to give that character much depth.melodrama is defined as: "dramatic or other literary work characterized by the use of stereotyped characters, exaggerated emotions and language, simplistic morality, and conflict" liam fits this definition to a t. the viewer is hit over the head with the typical stereotypes of the fire and brimstone catholic church in the stern school marm and the well-fed priest squeezing money from parishioners. (a stereotype which is becoming very tiresome.) what's more--the jewish characters are money lenders and factory owners!much of the film was predictable...who didn't think that we'd see theresa scrubbing the toilet after her mother had told her "no daughter of mine will scrub another woman's toilet!" i'm a fan of british realism if it's done well. in my opinion, liam is not.

written by the excellent mcgovern and directed by frears this film was a slight disappointment. it seemed too short. it spent far too long creating the hovis atmosphere, and laughing at the catholic demands. then very quickly you have the fascist and socialists vying for the family's attention, and the terrible conclusion.still my wife thought liam was cute.

you do realize that you've been watching the exact same show for eight years, right? i could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co-exist on an island, but you'd think that after watching unkempt, stink-ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original (and interesting).and i'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record i find questionable. it's just hard to suspend disbelief for "bushy bill" eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make-shift bio-dome sipping frosty mochcinno's with moxy.what's the appeal here? i don't care about these people or their meandering lives. i just don't get it. but if you do find yourself being captivated by hairy, unwashed people, i suggest you turn off your tv and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their true habitat. they call them homeless people, and free of charge, you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters, eventually striking "pay-dirt" and fashioning a homemade dr. frankenstein-styled cancer-stick, all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of "aqua velva" on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise. and the best part? much like survivor, every week one member of the tribe "leaves" the "island" when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full-blown schizophrenia kicks into gear! now that's entertainment!

how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long? it's terrible. it makes me want to shoot someone. it's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. i'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. i remember watching it when it first came out. i thought, hey this could be interesting, then i found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.

wow. the only people reviewing this positively are the carpenter apologists. i know a lot of those. the guys that'll watch john carpenter squat on celluloid and pinch out a movie and proclaim it a masterwork of horror. this "movie" is utter crap. it looks and sounds like a porno (good lord, the soundtrack is awful...), and has sub-par porn acting, which is shocking, because normally ron perlman is really a very good actor. i honestly have no idea what carpenter was thinking when making this. most likely "beans, beans, beans.." until somebody fed him and rolled him up into a blanket for the day... they say nothing about the abortion debate whatsoever, when they could have had a very interesting central theme (how do religious zealot anti-abortionists feel when it's the devil's baby?) but instead they chose to have ron perlman and his terribly acted kids kill a bunch of people and have the horribly cast doctors try to calm the hysterically bad pregnant girl. not a single person from this episode or what have you should come away unscathed. it's just awful. like, plan 9 from outerspace awful. like, good god please would somebody turn it off before i soil myself awful. try watching this and the thing in the same day and your mind will implode.

"masters of horror" has proved itself a poor arena for 'message episodes,' and while a definite case can be made for joe dante's 'screwfly solution' (one of the best episodes of the series, period), most efforts to do so have come across as anvil-heavy and unimpressive (nothing defuses horror more than a soapbox). and 'pro-life' simply fuses reactionary viewpoints with ultra-violence; young angelique (caitlin wachs), seen running through the woods, is nearly hit by 2 doctors (mark feuerstein and emmanuelle vaugier) who just happen to be driving in to work at the local (and isolated) abortion clinic. angelique's father, dwayne (ron perlman), is a stone-cold, far-right holy roller who will do anything to prevent his daughter from getting an abortion. if for nothing else, 'pro-life' accumulated some buzz for its controversial issue, but john carpenter treats this whole venture with startling indifference--he seems even less interested in making a movie than the script itself (which is admittedly poor); the slow pacing builds no tension, and simply brings the already ambling plot to a crawl. even when dwayne and his sons storm the clinic, guns blazing, it is a stunning non-event; later, when a doctor is tortured with a 'male abortion,' the scene comes off as gratuitous and unnecessary--an effort to pad out the underwritten film. the poor performances (perlman is sadly wasted here) become an outgrowth of the script, and carpenter's direction feels exhausted, as if 'pro-life' is the source of his next hot meal. by the time a spider-creature with a human head and a guy in a latex monster suit are prowling the hallways, you just have to wonder what the minds behind this mess were thinking...

well well well. as good as john carpenter's season 1 outing in "masters of horror" was, this is the complete opposite. he certainly proved he was still a master of horror with "cigarette burns" but "pro-life" is perhaps the worst i have seen from him.it's stupid, totally devoid of creepy atmosphere and tension and it overstays it's welcome, despite the less-than-an-hour running time. the script is nonsense, the characters are irritable and un-appealing and the conclusion is beyond absurd.and for those suckers who actually bought the dvd (one of them being me); did you see how carpenter describes the film? he's actually proud of it and he talks about it as his best work for a long time, and he praises the script. and in the commentary track, where he notices an obvious screw up that made it to the final cut, he just says he didn't feel it essential to rectify the mistake and he just let it be there. i fear the old master has completely lost his touch. i sincerely hope i'm proved wrong.i want to leave on a positive note and mention that the creature effects are awesome, though. technically speaking, this film is top notch, with effective lighting schemes and make up effects.

i went into a video store and looked around to find some horror movies, after about 30 minutes i just rushed and picked out a few. i stumbled upon "masters of horror" which contained "pro-life" and "right to die". they seemed ok, same-old cheesy horror crap, but i was interested for some reason. it said about pro-life on the case about being a classic, a return to form for john carpenter (i loved his "the thing", so i thought this would be good) and all that. so i turned it on thinking it would be something great and interesting, i was very wrong... it started off casual, just a girl running through a forest, scared of something. a car stops and picks her up (just so being the people she needed to see, amazing?) they take her back to some clinic and examine her, at the sametime all this is happening her father appears at the gates and they don't allow him in, he isn't aloud near the area. most likely from something he would of done in the past, but you don't know of any of this at the moment. he really does not want his daughter in this place, an abortion center. he is very strongly against such acts, believing it's sickening and not what "god" would want. he "supports" what i heard is called "pro-life". acting against abortions and going to extremes to allow the babies to be born, they are sick. they don't like the life of an unborn being taken, yet they've killed humans in the past to allow the birth? justice is only a figment of the mind. anyway, back on track, after the girl is examined they find out shes pregnant, but far ahead than what she should be. she is only a few weeks pregnant, but is months ahead. she keeps telling them they wont understand her, and that she wants an abortion and all, but finally tells the truth that she was raped by a demon from hell, and that her father wants this baby (but believes "god" wants this baby, not who truly does). he gets his 3 sons (they arm themselves with pistols and shotguns), and begin to make they're way into the clinic (shooting down anyone who won't co-operate). the head of the clinic, who must of had trouble with them in the past, is well prepared this time. ends up killing one the fathers sons, but in the end gets shot a few times (wearing a bullet proof jacket). the father then performs what he believes is done to the women. he cuts a hole, where the vagina would be if he we're a female, and sticks some sort of sucking thing up there and sucks out all this blood. whilst all this is happening, the girl gives birth to some demonic baby with many legs, and some demon raises from beneath the earth (not in the same room) and starts looking for its child. the father sees this later on, and starts questioning why this happened, he did what he was told to do, and doesn't understand why it's like this. the demon had killed both of his sons earlier, and now goes for father... whilst the girl kills the baby, and the demon carries it away (not in the same scene).yeah, it probably sounds pretty cool, and a thrilling horror movie, but it isn't. the acting is horrible and lacks enthusiasm, the script is boring and not even creative, they choose the wrong characters and don't even build on them; just everything put together, all the small parts, don't even add up to something great, a waste of time. i wouldn't classify this as a horror, though it has elements of horror, they ultimately fail at what they try to succeed. it felt more like a "beginners" short-movie, than by john carpenter.sorry for my lack of information, and detailed review, i just didn't have the time to waste to write something exciting. also sorry if my spelling and details are incorrect, i couldn't really be bothered to research anything.

i was looking forward to seeing john carpenter's episode in season 2 because his first, cigarette burns, was by far the best from season 1 (and i did like other episodes from that season). oh, how i was disappointed.in fairness to carpenter i think the primary problem with this episode was absolutely horrible writing. the characters, aside from the subject matter, seemed to behave and speak as though they were written for an episode of walker, texas ranger. the acting was bad, and i normally like ron perlman a lot, but i can only blame them so much because the writing was so horrible. i'm not going to try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless but it appeared as though they were trying to mix horror (obviously) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion. in this case, not surprisingly, it seemed a chance to bash a certain variety or religious nuts as well as fanatical anti-abortionists. and i am in favor of both aims but it was done so horribly that i was embarrassed to watch characters act and speak with such stupid inconsistency. this failed totally to offer any worthwhile opinion on the subjects and the horror element failed as well alongside such inept writing.while i don't think carpenter can be blamed for most of the badness here i will say he did choose to direct the teleplay and therefore has that to be held responsible for. there are a couple small bits that i found nice, hence the 2 stars i gave it.the actual gore and monster effects were good, but the cgi gore (two separate gunshots to the head) were so obviously inferior quality cgi they should've never been given the ok. i'm generally very critical of cgi but not because i have a problem with it in principle. i have a problem with the execution of it. the technology, while amazing in some respects, is not good enough to match "real" effects, whether they be miniatures or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and/or alive, and therefore shouldn't be used until they are. cgi can be used well in small amounts or obviously if the whole film is animated.i'll also take this opportunity to note that the show title, masters of horror, is a bad title to have. there simply aren't many actual "masters of horror" around. maybe two or three. if the show were called "tale of horror" or something like that it would be fine. but as it stands the criteria for directing one of these episodes, and therefore being criticized for not being a "master of horror" is that they have directly at least one horror film in their career. and it didn't even have to be a good one.

slight spoilers (but it doesn't matter anyway).an exercise in gobblygook of catastrophic proportions not even worthy of the l0 lines i need to put these remarks on the netwaves. this is the single worst episode of the masters series to date and the first that qualifies for the defunct mystery science theatre treatment. even if it took me a full half hour to realize the intended ironic angle, it was still a very lame mess. its sole value lies in the perspective that forces one to realize that in addition to gore and ugly masks the genre only succeeds when the classic cinematic notions of photography and lighting, dialogue and acting, editing and timing are put to use. here they are absent and john carpenter is no master. period. and no trite analysis of the easy social comment herein will change that. oddly, carpenter never has been anything more than a b director, but at least such films as 'fog' and 'the thing' had terrific atmosphere (the latter is one of my cult favorites).abominable acting. camera angles stuck in cement. tensionless rhythm. yet perhaps the single most obnoxious element of the episode is the storyline which of course jc cannot really be blamed for (unless the writers were buddies of cody.) the initial two minute slo-mo of a girl running through a forest only to be nearly run over by a would be scully-mulder duo is the first and last thing that works in the film. but come on, a girl hurtling through a deserted woods to nowhere in particular in desperate need of an abortion fortuitously rendez-vous with the fender of a pair of 'women's rights' mds whose clinic just happens to be at the end of the road around the corner. oh, and i won't even nitpick about how the doc whips the accidentee into the car and speeds away at 0 to 60 in six seconds. does wonders for possible broken ribs or concussion.then things fall apart real quick. the vacuous dialogue "i just want to help you", the interminably sluggish back and forth at the gate, grandiose battle tactics like cutting the telephone line (in the age of cell phones?) followed by the the shoot-out: a born-again ramboesque clinic director vs ron perlman and the high school bullpen out for a few kicks at easter break. another lovely line: "so what are we going to do?" from the kid who had just been sitting on a pile of assault rifles in the back of the van. er, no it isn't yet pheasant season. so who needs those teen boys anyway. what about the good old tried and true method of the lone lunatic who bashes his way through the gate with his all-american suv?as for the exchange of bullets scenes themselves, the cuts here were as stiff as the staccato of a dc comics strip. all that was lacking were the wham, bam, and whiz of the balloon titles. and all to the tune of a soundtrack worthy of an old mannix episode.at one point we learn that daddy isn't really the daddy, but at this point we haven't been led to care much any more either. this story's single source of drama is the conflict between the pro-life father and his pregnant daughter who is only thankful she's not having twins. yet there is not a single scene, flashback or not, where they are actually ever found together. they remain mere abstractions to each other throughout.with the exception of the gatekeeper every single one of the characters is absolutely dislikeable. bland, hysterical, dull-headed, macho. as perfectly flat as human wallpaper can be. none of the doctors seem to have anything medical about them. and there's that bickering dad who rails at his pregnant daughter as though he himself were the stressed out boyfriend. he fortunately got his. there are two great mst-worthy comic moments: the gusher when angelica's plumbing goes out and later the new-born lobster with a glued on baby's head. also cute was angelica's rugby ball belly before she finally popped the right-to-life little monster from hell. as for that audacious male abortion scene...well, they should have retained miike's episode and banned this one instead.in short, a 3rd rate rosemary's baby meets alien set on the turf of a m.a.s.h. episode. this stinker alone, appreciable only to today's permissive under-16 generation, will assure as someone else said here, that this series will not be renewed for a third season. a real shame, since there have been a number of brilliant productions, including such really decent spoofs as dante's 'homecoming' or mckee's deliciously quirky 'sick girl'. not to mention the superb imagery of malone's 'fairhaired child'.sorry john carpenter, i believe your directing days are over. it's time to run for president.

the london underground has something inherently creepy about it, with its long winding tunnels, the escalators taking you deeper and deeper underground, and of course the rats roaming the tracks.it a source of wonder that it is not used in horror films more often. it was used in the seventies horror deathline aka raw meat, featuring a cannibalistic tribe living in a disused tunnel, and the celebrated chase sequence in american werewolf in london. so i was pleased to see that someone else had tried to capitalise on the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent uk production creep.i thought the film started off well, with a highly effective credit sequence that was genuinely unnerving, followed by a scene in the sewers that sets up the premise of there being something evil lurking below the streets of london. however, creep went downhill from here, and i found myself wishing that i'd switched it off after this opening scene, leaving me with a favourable impression of the film. all the characters become unsympathetic and unlikable, even potente herself, and the director felt the need to hit us over the head with social commentary about homelessness. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full lighting, where he ceases to become remotely scary, and reveals his name to be craig. how can you have a monster called craig? it turns into an x files-type thing, and reminds one of the episode tombs. in fact, i was wishing mulder and scully would turn up and sort them all out for me.as for the infamous sexualised violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. it seems to be there merely to shock the audience rather than for any intrinsic plot value. the trouble is it is so over the top and horrific that it actually numbs you to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake as it's only halfway through the film.so there you go. the only redeeming feature of the film for me was a rare appearance from ken campbell, one of my favourite occasional actors. you don't see him very often, but when he's on screen he acts everyone else into a corner. casting him as a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only one evident in the film.

creep is the story of kate (potente), an intensely unlikeable bourgeois bitch that finds herself somehow sleeping through the noise of the last underground train, and waking up to find herself locked in the tube station. after somehow meeting workmate and would-be rapist guy on a mystery train that runs after the lines have closed, things go awry and she finds herself pursued by what lurks beneath the city's streets. her story is linked to that of george (blackwood), an ex-con working in the sewer system; they meet in the final third of the film, brought together by their attempts to escape the monster that pursues them.the pair proceed through a set of increasingly unlikely locations; from the tube station, they end up in the sewage works before somehow finding themselves in some sort of abandoned underground surgery. most tube stations don't have toilets, so how one has a surgery is beyond me. naturally, the film cares to explain that the surgery doesn't have running water. yet it has electricity? just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday believability that the film tries to create.the monster itself is a problem. there's a complete lack of reasoning for its actions, it just kills people for no obvious reason. and then of course it keeps some alive for no real reason either, perhaps just so that they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so running time. i understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary, but then the film attempts to explain itself via a photo of a doctor and his son, and a few shots of some jars containing babies, and yes, it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. it also fails to explain how the creature has been underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only in raptor screams, but not long enough for its pair of shorts to decay. hmm.this doctor business leads to scene that is the film's desperate attempt to implant itself on your memory, and while it is gory and uncomfortable to watch, it just isn't enough. the final third of the film hinges on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters break down and recover for little or no obvious reason. george breaks down, unable to cope with something despite stating that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and kate becomes emotionally tough seconds after going to pieces over someone that ripped her off for a travelcard. yeah.after starting out as a "this could happen to anyone" movie, it quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. a complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this one to avoid.

this was an absolutely terrible movie. don't be lured in by christopher walken or michael ironside. both are great actors, but this must simply be their worst role in history. even their great acting could not redeem this movie's ridiculous storyline. this movie is an early nineties us propaganda piece. the most pathetic scenes were those when the columbian rebels were making their cases for revolutions. maria conchita alonso appeared phony, and her pseudo-love affair with walken was nothing but a pathetic emotional plug in a movie that was devoid of any real meaning. i am disappointed that there are movies like this, ruining actor's like christopher walken's good name. i could barely sit through it.

i purchased this film on the cheap in a sale, having read the back of the dvd case and assuming that either way i can't lose, it if was rubbish then no loss, if it was any good then bargain...then i watched it...i am normally a fan of christopher walken, but in this film he commanded very little screen presence, seeming not to do a whole lot, even the death of his friend near the beginning which sparks off the "action" in the plot seems to affect him very little, and his eventual revenge is just boring and undramatic.normally a film which has themes as grand as revolution and revenge are able to capture the audience and snare them into feeling something for the characters, however watching this film felt more like seeing a series of confused, and almost random events that loosely tied together towards it's eventual conclusion...at this point i wept...i thought this film was the most horribly painful piece of viewing i have ever been subjected to, the scene where the pilot sacrifices himself by refusing to jump out the explosive laden truck due to not wanting to kill any civilians is not so much tragically sad as it is unnervingly horrible and painful, although not quite as bad as the emergency surgery on the wounded girl. the acting was poor all round, the script and story was weak, the "action" was even weaker, and the "visuals" were but bluntly not all that visual. to summarise there are films which are good, films that are bad, films that are so bad they are good, films that are terrible...and then on a whole new level is "mcbain"

okay, 'enjoy' is a pretty relative term, but flexibility is in order when you're dealing with a filmmaker of james glickenhaus' calibre.mcbain is truly one of the most ridiculous, over the top action films i've ever seen, without the nasty edge of the exterminator. other reviews have commented on a suspension of disbelief regarding the film's heroic middle aged commandos, but how about making a film in the philippines that is set in colombia? all the extras are filipino. in fact the only character who looks remotely hispanic is good ol' victor argo as the much reviled 'el presidente'! oh yes, we also have maria conchita alonso overemoting like crazy as a rebel leader. there are tons of explosions and bodies flying everywhere in this amusing paean to the glories of american imperialism.

a far as b-movies go, scarecrow is one of those that are so bad, that it becomes incredibly annoying to sit through. a lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. he then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. this scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? just like the two needless sequels that followed this, this isn't even worth a laugh.

wow, what can i say about this film? it's a lousy piece of crap. i'm surprised that it got rated as high as it did. what's wrong with this film? here's a better question: what's not wrong with this film.the story itself is just crap and cliché. here's pretty much what it's about...some kinda nerdy kid with no friends gets picked on, gets killed, and comes back as a scarecrow for revenge. "all" of that is packed into 86 minutes of worthless film. if you haven't seen this movie don't waste your time watching it. also, the second one isn't much better, so don't bother watching that either...i rated this movie a three because i liked the scarecrow's outfit, not because there was anything good about the movie. i think you get the picture.

i'm watching this on the sci-fi channel right now. it's so horrible i can't stop watching it! i'm a videographer and this movie makes me sad. i feel bad for anyone associated with this movie. some of the camera work is good. most is very questionable. there are a few decent actors in the flick. too bad they're surrounded by what must have been the director's relatives. that's the only way they could have been qualified to be in a movie! music was a little better than the acting. if you get around to watching this i hope it's because there was absolutely no other option! the sequel (yes sequel) is coming on now....i think i'll skip it! jason

i've gotta say, i usually like horror movies that i've never seen... however, this one was just to pathetic for my gory taste. i'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... but this particular movie was lame. the acting was horrible (yet the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). and the sequel to it, scarecrow slayer was even worse! yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge rave about it and people liked it. but when movies like the ring and the exorcist of emily rose come out, movies like these make movies like scarecrow seem childish. if you want a movie to just pass the time, pick this one! the special effects are cheesy as heck. but seeing that it was a low budget movie, i can kind of see where that would come in. this will kind of remind you of the movie "children of the corn." independent movies rock.... most of the time. so if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies would be for you.

let's face it; some lame kid who dies and has his soul transfered into a scarecrow. das no gonna happen neva! omfg this stupid loser kid who can't stand up for himself gets his ass handed to him by some drunk bastard screwing his mom. right as he dies, he looks up at the scarecrow and he let's his spirit go into the scarecrow. the drunk guy covered up his death by making it seem suicidal and thought he had gotten away with it. we later see he is tossed out of the trailer and later earns another encounter with the scarecrow. they had a brief encounter which includes the drunk calling him a loser and the scarecrow rebounding with "takes one to know one, loser!" the scarecrow flips off the building, calls him "daddy-o", and then beheads the poor man. we can see how this awesome movie unfolds from that. he goes on to kill many people, afterward. he mainly kills the people who gave him a hard time in rl and goes off to kill some random ass people, just for some laughs. no laughing here. he adds a punchline to every kill, too. every time he killed someone, he would do some karate flips and finish it all off with one of his signature punchlines. in the case of someone who was hard of hearing, he would say "here, have an ear of corn!" then shove it up their ass. or we can actually take an example from the movie! he just got done killing a cop and was on his way to killing the only person who ever stood up for him. her father, the sheriff, yelled to the madman to stop, and he said "hey, stay awhile!" and threw a dagger threw his chest and stuck him onto some tree. in the end of the movie, he killed two guys and threw in the punchline "gotta split!" and killed two guys by shoving a scythe into their heads. wowzors, this movie made me want to cream my pants so bad. maybe next time this guy makes a movie, it won't be gay.

first off, let me start with a quote a friend of mine said while watching this movie: "this entire movie had to have been a dare. you know, like, 'dude, i bet you couldn't make the worst movie ever'". with this movie, they've made a good effort at achieving that title. the effects are, of course, poor. the plot/dialogue is like a collage of of bits stolen from every b horror movie ever made. the actors, i'm assuming, are supposed to be in college. yet parts of it (especially at the beginning) make it seem like they're supposed to be in high or middle school. it makes no sense. the scarecrow going around killing people isn't the least bit enjoyable. (spoiler: at the end, when they chant lester's name and he reappears, the black guy and scarecrow are both laughing, probably out of relief they were on their last scene, and at the cheesy dialogue.)

perhaps one of the worst teenage slasher films i ever did see. i'll start with the bad points of t he movie, which pretty much covers the entire film. first of all, something no one can avoid: terrible acting. i swear they picked up some random kids off the street based on how they looked. secondly, bad/unconvincing character work/development. you hardly even know half the kids who are killed in here. all you figure is that they deserved it one way or another. the scarecrow's character was overdone, and a cheap rip-off of the other great fantasy killers such as freddy or pinhead. next: bad dialog: the scarecrow was full of horrid one-liners that would make you laugh, only because it was so terrible. lines like "let's go find some small animals to torture!" really just leaves you with an eyebrow raised. last but not least: next off: bad casting. how old was the guy who played lester? like 30? the back of his head was balding for god's sake. there is much more i could say about this film, like it's cheap special effects, it's "high school film class" effort, but the point is understood. it's just bad film making at it's worst. as for what i found to be "good" in the movie: -entertaining for those with low, low, low standards -would help put insomniacs to sleep. -a very cheap laugh, or even a giggle.

wow is all i can say if your reading this is either watched it or are thinking about it. trust me watch it!i laughed so hard at so many parts of this movie the worst acting ever made is very funny! i cant believe they superimposed the school sign! i must have played that scene over and over again just to laugh more and more every time. if a movie like this can be made it gives us all hope in making our own movies. even the costume was bad. it looked like my 7 year old cousin could have done a better job on making it. heck i bet he could have written and acted better as well. all i know is that i have to watch the second part just so i can see if it was as bad as the first. its a cool idea about a killer scarecrow but a much better job could have been done. hopefully another killer scarecrow movie comes out, just not like this one.

i saw this not too long ago, and i must say: this movie is terrible. i watch crappy movies for fun. scarecreow is not fun. scarecrow is stupid. you have an incredibly corny villain that enjoys screaming awful puns as he kills his victims(actually worse than the one contained in this sentence). he has his hard luck story that he uses to justify his killings. "everyone picks on me. the only girl that thinks i'm not trailer-trash likes one of the guys that pick on me. i want to kill everybody. wah." ok, i'm exaggerating. but the premise to this movie alone is enough to put it near the bottom of the list of crappy movies.adding to what i just said, the kid's mom is promiscuous, he walks in on his mother and her current boyfriend getting it on, mom's boyfriend tells him to leave, kid refuses, insisting that he isn't going to leave his own house. boyfriend chases kid into corn field. he kills kid right in front of mom, mom screams in terror, boyfriend is like, "omg! i didn't mean to!" then he tells mom not to say anything to the police about it. kid was killed under a scarecrow, though. so, like any kid who gets murdered under a scarecrow, he comes back as a killer scarecrow with a vengeance. his victims "haven't been stalked like this before..." (scarecrow's official tag line)to make matters worse, this movie was filmed in a whopping 8 days. that's right, 8 days. i was going to give this movie a 2, because in spite of itself, it has one or two redeeming moments. (they're spoilers, so i won't spoil it for you, if you actually want to see this crap.) i could have somewhat forgiven the bad acting, the horrible special effects, the abysmal script, and the bad camera work, but i simply have no respect for lack of effort on that level.this movie isn't nearly as good as i'm making it out to be. if you want to see an example of how not to make a movie, or if you enjoy watching bad movies, like i do, then watch this at your own risk. everyone else should stay a safe distance away from this movie at all times.

holy @#%& this movie was still warm and juicy from the pile it was made with. i tried to watch this pile of festering waste but found it easier to slash my wrists and slug back a shooter of lysol floor cleaner than endure more than half of the crap that was on my screen. i rank this well below anything i have ever watched on film or tv, and thats saying something. i once witnessed a cow crap in a field. i watched the steaming pile for a hour and a half, who knows... it might have moved or something. well that was time better spent than watching this tripe. the acting was non-existent, the plot was somewhere other than on this film. i think i saw a cut seen early on where the plot managed to escape and was riding off in the background on the back of a old pickup truck heading to portland in hopes of becoming a steven king shi77er. please tell me director is getting medication he so desperately needs. it's pretty clear he needs heavy medication and i'd willing to front the money needed for his lobotomy reversal. bah... i can't give this review the full punch it needs because nothing this painful can ever be done justice in typed word alone. let me just say that if your looking for a flick to pass some time and you see this chilton on the rack, walk to your car, start the engine, then shove both of your fists straight into the fan until it you can't feel your bones vibrate anymore. be sure to have your wallet in hand also because you were going to waste the cash anyway. you might as well have the privilege of wasting it yourself.by the way, i watched this after a "buddy" of mine sent his girlfriend over so i could see it. he dint come over, she had too. whats worse is that she had to watch this $%&@ thing twice! i heard their married now and he gets to visit his balls once a month. i hope it was because of this film.

this movie is so aggrivating. the main character looks like he's 35 and i've seen scrawny beanpoles with more balls than this guy. the plot twists are so predictable its not even worth watching for the humor factor.also some of the worst dialogue i've heard in 3 years, "lets go find a small animal to torture".ugh.....i can't even continue, don't watch this pile of garbage, it was made in 8 days.the one highlight is the drunk dude calling the main character a faggot for drawing pictures.2 out of 10, unwatchable

scarecrow is set in the small american town of emerald grove where high school student lester dwervick (tim young) is considered the local nerdy geek by teachers & fellow students alike. the poor kid suffers daily humiliation, bullying, teasing & general esteem destroying abuse at the hands of his peers. unfortunately he doesn't find much support at home since his mom is a slut & after lester annoys one of her blokes he chases him into a corn field & strangles the poor kid. however something magical happens (no, the film doesn't suddenly become good), lester's spirit gets transfered into the corn fields scarecrow which he then uses as a body to gain revenge on those who tormented him & made his life hell...co-written, co-produced & directed by emmanuel itier who according to the imdb credit list also has a role in the film as someone called mr. duforq although i don't remember any character of this name, i suppose anyone who ends up looking at the imdb pages for scarecrow will probably already be aware of it's terrible reputation & i have to say it pretty much well deserved since it's terrible. the script by itier, bill cunningham & jason white uses the often told story of one of life's losers who gets picked upon & tormented for no good reason getting their revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward teen slasher flick. we've seen it all before, we've seen killer scarecrows before, we've seen faceless teens being killed off one-by-one before, we've seen one of life's losers get his revenge before, we've seen wise cracking villains who make jokes as they kill before & we've seen incompetent small town sheriff's make matters even worse before. the only real question to answer about scarecrow is whether it's any fun to watch on a dumb teen slasher type level? the answer is a resounding no to be honest. the film has terrible character's, awful dialogue, an inconsistent & predictable story, it has some cheesy one-liners like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel he ask's 'can you dig it?' & the so-called twist ending which is geared towards leaving things open for a sequel is just lame. the film moves along at a reasonable pace but it isn't that exciting & the kills are forgettable. you know i'm still trying to work out how someone can be stabbed & killed with a stick of corn...director itier doesn't do a particularly good job here, the kill scenes are poorly handled with no build up whatsoever which means there's never any tension as within two seconds of a character being introduced they are killed off. also i'm not happy with the killer scarecrow dude doing all these back-flips & somersaults through the air in scenes which feel like they belong in the matrix (1999) or some japanese kung-fu flick! to give it some credit the actual scarecrow mask looks really good & he looks pretty cool but he is given little to do except spout bad one-liners & twirl around a bit. don't you think that being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of a corn filed all day would have been boring? i know he's a killer scarecrow but i still say he would have been bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all day! there's no nudity & the gore isn't anything to write home about, there's a decapitation, someones face is burnt, someone is killed with a stick of corn, someone gets a shovel stuck in their throat, some sickles are stuck in people's heads, someone has their heart ripped out & someone has a metal thing stuck through the back of their head which comes out of their mouth.with a supposed budget of about $250,000 this was apparently shot in 8 days, well at least they didn't waste any time on unimportant things like story & character development. technically this is pretty much point, shoot & hope for the best stuff. if you look at the guy on the floor who has just had his heart ripped out you can clearly see him still breathing... the acting sucks, the guy who played lester's mum's bloke is wearing the most stupid looking wig & fake moustache ever because he played two roles in the film & the makers needed to disguise him but they just ended up making him look ridiculous & don't get me started on his accent...scarecrow has a few fun moments & the actual scarecrow himself is a nice creation with good special make-up effects but as a whole the film is poorly made, badly acted, silly, too predictable & very cheesy. if you want to see a great killer scarecrow flick then check out scarecrows (1988). not to be confused with the gene hackman & al pacino film scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror flick scarecrow (2008) which is currently in production. scarecrow proved popular enough on home video to spawn two more straight to video sequels, scarecrow slayer (2003) & scarecrow gone wild (2004).

the director states in the behind-the-scenes feature that he loves horror movies. he loves them so much that he dedicated the movie to dario argento, as well as other notable directors such as george a. romero and tobe hooper. basically dedicating this movie to those great directors is like giving your mother a piece of sh*t for mother's day. the first thing they did wrong was the casting. cast people that can act. also, don't cast a person that is 40 years old for the role of a misunderstood, 18 year old recluse. that's right, he's been in high school for 22 years. the reactions made by people as they watch their boyfriends get their hearts ripped out is amusing. or like one part when a guy gets stabbed in the ear with an ear of corn (haha get it), and his girlfriend just goes, "oh..my.. god?" the scarecrow himself is quite a character. doing flips off cars and calling people losers.the movie does have one redeeming factor... oh wait, no it doesn't.if you absolutely must see this movie, than just watch the rock and roll trailer on the dvd. it covers about everything and has a really gnarly song dude.

with all the excessive violence in this film, it could've been nc-17. but the gore could've been pg-13 and there were quite a lot of swears when the mum had the original jackass bad-hairdewed boy friend. there was a lot of character development which made the film better to watch, then after the kid came back to life as the scarecrow, there was a mindless hour and ten minutes of him killing people. the violence was overly excessive and i think the bodycount was higher than twelve which is a large number for movies like this. almost every character in the film is stabbed or gets their head chopped off, but the teacher who called him "white trash" and "hoodlum" (though the character lester is anything but a hoodlum, not even close, i know hoods and am part hood, they don't draw in class, they sit there and throw stuff at the teacher). the teacher deserved a more gruesome death than anyone of the characters, but was just stabbed in the back. there were two suspenseful scenes in the film, but didn't last long enough to be scary at all. as i said, the killings were excessive and sometimes people who have nothing to do with the story line get their heads chopped off. if the gore was actually fun to see, then it would've been nc-17. two kids describe a body they find in the cornfields, they describe it as a lot gorier than it actually was, they explained to the cop that there were maggots crawling around in the guys intestines. his stomach had not even been cut open so there was no way maggots were in his stomach, though i would've liked to see that. the acting was pathetic, characters were losers, and the scarecrow could do a lot of gymnastix stunts. i suggest renting this movie for the death scenes, i wont see it again anytime soon, but i enjoyed the excessive violence. also, don't bother with the sequel, i watched five minutes of it and was bored to death, it sounds good but isn't. the original scarecrow actually kept me interested.

spirit of a murdered high school geek animates a scarecrow which then takes revenge on everyone.this movie really annoyed me. it has a great looking monster, has some good low budget effects, some atmosphere but manages to short circuit the good stuff with bad. half way in i started to fast forward and then step through the chapters on the dvd.the problems with this movie are many. first off the cast looks about thirty and yet they are suppose to be in high school. you don't believe anything from the get go as a result. the scarecrow, while looking great isn't much beyond that. he says stupid one liners and moves in a manner more designed to be funny then scary. is this a comedy or a horror movie? its a problem that goes beyond the one liners to much of the dialog and set up. it seems more send up of every cliché than heartfelt horror film. i some how expect that the film was made for a very narrow audience in mind, horror fans who want to mock the genre rather than embrace it.despite the good looking monster this is a film to avoid. even if you pick it up in the bargain bin for under five bucks, you're paying too much.avoid.

oh dear lord. this movie... it was horrible. i am a huge fan of horror movies. and most of the time, horror movies other people say are bad, i like. the actor who played 'scarecrow' was amazing, i will say that. but this plot was awful. it made no sense! it had way too much gore, and an unnecessary (and revolting) sex scene at the beginning. i do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' or whatnot, but it just came out awful. to add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot, the actors (besides 'scarecrow') we're awful, and i cared so little about them that i soon forgot who was who. in conclusion, this movie made me sick. if you can avoid watching this movie in anyway, please do.

this movie had the potential to be a decent horror movie. the main character was decently done and i felt sorry for him and there was a decent amount of backstory. however, everything else sucks. the director, emmanuel, is quite incompetent at film-making. he uses some of the most idiotic shots ever.- a couple of random sequences of random images dispersed throughout the film. i don't know if he tried to be deep and intelligent and poetic but he wasn't. it was stupid. random shots of the trailer the main character lived in, random buildings, random pan shots of buildings, random cat which walks away. wtf? and clouds. lots of gloomy dark clouds.- he really liked this technique of having a scene cut up into different shots rather than being just one continuous shot. ex: guy is trying to light his weed and the camera circles around him. instead of just one shot, he edits it into like 10 different shots so its really edgy! and hip! and smart! stupid.the acting is horrible but it's what makes the movie so funny. and the scarecrow is a gymnast cause he flips and spins and twirls all the time. and some of the deaths could have been better. you expect the main bully to have a long well built up death but nope. a simple corncob in the ear . the love interest was hot. voluptuous. which is why this movie gets a 2.

i desperately want to give this movie a 10...i really do. some movies, especially horror movies are so budget that they are good. a wise-cracking ninja scarecrow who can implement corn cobs as lethal weaponry...definitely fits this 'budget to brilliance' system. the depth of the movie is definitely its strong point and the twists and turns it implements, keeping the audience at the edge of their seats really drives the creepy...ninja... puberty-stricken... pre-thirty year old student...non-cowboy drawing...wise-cracking...son-of-a-bitch scarecrow into the limelight as the creepiest horror icon of the year. all i can really say is, 'can you dig it' and recommend watching movies such as frankenfish if you enjoy this sort of hilarious horror.(what the hell were they smoking!?'

this movie could be used in film classes in a "how not to script a b-movie" course. there are inherent constrictions in a b-movie: budgets are tight, time is precious (scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. the one aspect you have complete control over is writing the best script you can within the limitations set before you. scarecrow's script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. i could go through about fifteen examples of the nonsensical scripting of this movie, but i'll just mention one: the gravedigger. the character of the gravedigger is introduced about an hour into the movie. he seemingly has no connection to any of the other characters already in the movie. he is shown with his daughter, who also has no connection to anybody else in the movie. the gravedigger is given a couple scenes to act surly in and then is killed to pad out the body count. why give the gravedigger a daughter? why give the daughter a boyfriend? why introduce them so late in the movie? why not try to make them part of the ongoing storyline? scarecrow doesn't seem to care.the "story" of scarecrow goes something like this: lester is a high school kid (played by and actor who'd i'd peg to be in his early 30's) who is picked on by the other kids. he is an artist who draws birds and has a crush on a classmate named judy. his mom is a lush and the town whore. one of her reprobate boyfriends makes fun of his drawings (by calling him a "faggot" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." if you have a high school student still drawing cowboys i'd think him to more likely be gay than a high school student who draws crows) and later, kills lester, in a cornfield, under the titular scarecrow. magically, lester's soul goes into the scarecrow. somehow, this transference changes lester's soul from that of an artist into that of a wisecracking gymnast (i know some reviews have called the scarecrow a kung-fu scarecrow. i disagree. the scarecrow practically does a whole floor routine before jumping onto the truck during the climax of the movie). the scarecrow then goes on to kill those who tormented him, those who smoke pot in the corn field, those who dig graves, boyfriends of daughters of gravediggers, pretty much anyone who showed up on the movie set.the bonus feature on the dvd should be mentioned. the director (a frenchman) does an impromptu version of rap music, admits he enjoys not having executives around on set so he can screw his wife while working and gives a quote to live by (and i'm paraphrasing): "life ez a bitch, but et has a great ass"number of beers i drank while watching this movie: 5 did it help: no number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: whatever it takes to get to blackout drunk level.

amazing. that's what you'd say if you sat through this film. simply, incredibly, amazing. it's actually so amazing that anyone was stupid enough to dump money into making this monstrosity that you simply can't believe what you're seeing. that, my friends, is what is truly scary about this film. somebody thought it was a good idea to make it. well, here's another amazingly original story: high school student (occasionally seemed like college—go figure) has whore for a mom, lives in a trailer park, and is an "artist" who is ridiculed for his "being all different." well, of course, this poor ridiculed boy is eventually killed and, here's the original part, his soul inhabits a scarecrow (beneath which, he is killed by his slutty mama's latest john). then he goes around with the standard killing off of all the people that done hurt him. awww.here's the breakdown:the good:--amazingly funny movie—even if that's not what the clearly drunk filmmakers wanted.--this and the sequel on one disk in the wal-mart $5.00 bin—so it's only a little overpriced.didn't hurt it, didn't help:--the violence and gore are kind of sub-standard. one person is stabbed with a corncob.--sounds like they put some effort into the music—but it doesn't really fit the movie—and isn't all that good.the bad:--terrible, terrible acting.--another slasher let-down with sexy women—none of them removing clothing. when did that cease being a staple of low-brow slashers??--ridiculous story.--the scarecrow vomits up one-liners that would make freddy krueger and arnold swartzenegger blush.--standard underlying love story goes nowhere, and is poorly done.--some of the people killed seem like they were chosen at random—you never really know who anybody is and then they're killed. and you only assume that they must've had it coming.the ugly:--extremely average slasher fare, just with a murdering scarecrow instead of… well, all that other crap.--nowhere near as interesting as freddy krueger, jason voorhees, pinhead, chucky, or even angela from the "sleepaway camp" series—all of which are better than this atrocity.--the absolute worst dialogue i have ever heard in my life. the script is laden with a level of retardedness that i never imagined could exist. i'm serious here—it's a full step beyond terrible. don't get me wrong, though, it's funny as hell—but i've never heard more asinine banter—even in "slumber party massacre iii." this film makes "jason x" look like shakespeare.--the man who kills the boy that becomes the scarecrow: worst wig ever. dialogue to match.memorable scene:--the one where elementary-school youths spew out their own witty dialogue: "hey, let's go find small animals to torture. huh huh."acting: 3/10 story: 3/10 atmosphere: 2/10 cinematography: 1/10 character development: 2/10 special effects/make-up: 5/10 nudity/sexuality: 1/10 (no nudity, mom's a whore, girls wear no bras) violence/gore: 5/10 (low quality, mediocre amount) dialogue: 0/10 (extremely ridiculous, blatant, over-the-top and painfully funny—so bad it's good. my first rating for dialogue in any film!) music: 5/10 direction: 2/10cheesiness: 10/10 crappiness: 9/10overall: 3/10another one for just people like me who enjoy watching pure crap. or slasher-film completists. this is not a good movie, at all. laughable dialogue and characters keep it from being truly boring.www.residenthazard.com

well, what was fun... except for the fun part.it's my second least favorite so far, i even thought it was worse than 'lazarus' and 'ghost in the machine'.let's start with the good. the teaser, it was incredibly well done and also emotional. being the great animal lover that i am, it was fun seeing so many beautiful animals in this episode.but then there's all the bad, and believe me there is a lot of it. little made sense, so those animals were being abducted by aliens and impregnated? whaaa??? the dialog was also pretty awful. there were about one or two quotable lines. and worst of all, having pretty much all those animals die was very unpleasant for me. in the end... what's the point? they all pretty much died. we didn't learn anything, we weren't entertained, and i couldn't even find sophia's death sad... just very frustrating.* star. shame because season 2 was doing so well.

the good earth follows the life a slave girl and a poor farmer in china. the movie is based on the novel by pearl s. buck. the story is great, but i hated that they decided to cast anglos in the lead roles. walter connolly is laughable as the farmer's father. he has such a heavy american accent, as do most of the lead actors, that i could not bear listening to him speak.it is a shame that hollywood could not get past their racist beliefs to cast asians in the lead roles. to take anglos and make them look like chinese is akin to anglos putting shoe polish on their faces to play african-americans.

mr. mike was probably the most misanthropic comedian of all time, so i was interested to see what he'd do with total creative control over a movie. sadly, it is unwatchable, though not because the jokes aren't funny--some (i won't say most) of them are, and in fact mr. mike did a good job translating his mentally unbalanced screeds into visual gags. the trouble is that the technical quality (sets, lighting, sound, editing, you name it) is so god-awful, the movie is intolerable. some outfit called "pko productions" gets the producing credit, but it doesn't look produced at all; it looks more like mike stole one of the cameras from the snl set and made the whole thing in an afternoon. i realize mike's goal was to torture the audience, but even that deserves some basic standards, such as the ability to actually see, hear or comprehend whatever it is that's supposed to be shocking. still, the dvd isn't a total waste: it includes a eulogy for o'donoghue by bill murray and three "mr. mike's least loved bedtime stories" from snl. plus, the "cat swimming" section of the movie is a great scene to be caught watching if you want to freak someone out. 3/10

i looked forward to seeing this movie when it came out, since i was a huge snl fan. when my boyfriend and i went to see it, the people coming out of the early show were yelling, "don't waste your money!" but of course we had to find out for ourselves.while there were a few funny bits (laser bra 2000, root boy slim), most of it felt like it could have been severely edited down to an amusing 1 hour show. it was pretty bad.when the opera singer came on, many people got up and walked out. this made me laugh, because i realized that o'donoghue was just pressing people's buttons on purpose with this movie. or else he was just insane. whatever - you don't need to waste your time watching it, it's that bad.

i actually saw this movie at a theater. as soon as i handed the cashier my money, she said two words i had never heard at a theater, before or since: "no refunds!" as soon as i heard those words, i should have just waved bye-bye to my cash and gone home. but no, foolishly, i went in and watched the movie. this movie didn't make anyone in the theater laugh. not even once. not even inadvertantly! mostly, we sat there in stunned silence. every ten minutes or so, someone would yell "this movie sucks!" the audience would applaud enthusiastically, then sit there in stunned, bored silence for another ten minutes.

i saw this movie in 1979, i was 17 or 18, when it was released. the theater was perhaps 1/4 full when the movie started. ten minutes into the movie me and the friend who went with me to see the film were the only two people in the theater. the movie was really weird and had no plot or reason to its script and people demanded their money back. we decided to stay for the entire movie.... why endure such torture??... here's why. we wanted to be true movie critics... to have a standard to base all other movies on it is hard to justify saying you have seen the best movie (a 10)they always come up with something better. but, it is easy to be able to base all other movies off of the worst movie ever made (and this is it... a 1 at best). there may be other movies out there that truly qualify as a 1, but i have yet to see them. i now base all movies i see on a scale based on this worst....i am a true movie critic...he he.

it is a real shame that nearly no one under 30 knows the "over the top" writing of michael o'donoghugh- magazine articles and snl skits that were genius for the time...and so it is a true shame that anyone who may take the opportunity to research his work will no doubt take the easy way out and watch videos- thus leading them to mr mikes mondo video. this movie has clever elements that never fully connect to the funny bone. the viewer experiences such things as cat diving/swimming with the man who thinks he's found feline happiness by hurling these kittens into a pool which the camera follows in slow motion and montage sequence. then we are taken to an island to where all past fads are retired (hula hops, pet rocks, rainbow dread wigs etc.) then we enter the music world (punk was a new variety of music at the time of this film) where "d" rate bar performer rootboy slim performs "boogie till you puke" in his own lazy style of dirt and eclectic sleaze. now the real beauty of all this is the back ground music. in many different styles with many different instruments the sound of telstar plays and replays- for those who don't understand telstar was the first american satellite launched into space and the theme was created to celebrate mans genius and triumph. mr mikes seems to have been meant as a signal of societal decay ridiculous wastes. now one thing the theater offered that the video release does not was a live performance of sid vicious (ex sex pistol not the wrestler) singing my way. his version is very different than sinatras as one might imagine but frankly i feel it is very much worth the listen...it's good! that is the sad part- in the vhs release paul anka refuses the rights of his song and the viewer is forced to experience 3 1/2 minutes of silence with an explanation rolling across the image of the singing dead sex pistol. i would give the theater release a 5 or 6 the video is closer to a 4 and now that so much is passé i can see where many people would give it a 3 or 2.5. if you want to see a good o'donoghugh script watch scrooged...it is a better tribute to the mans insight and talent.

updating of the bliss theme is merely the latest in a lengthening queue of bad-to-average local comedies which appeal to the conservative cinema-going set. (for the record, this list, all of the films on which appear to be attempting a castle-esque miracle, includes, strange bedfellows, thunderstruck, bad eggs, the honourable wally norman, horseplay, the wannabes and the nugget. the only one to have worked has been crackerjack.)here, the performances never mesh, as john howard doesn't even look like he's in the right film – though perhaps that was the intention, as franklin plays sleepy, conservative suburbia against its more interesting inhabitants. 20-year-old virgins who live with their parents are becoming rarer on-screen, but this is hardly a reason to watch the film. in fact, the only reasons may well be (1) howard's bizarre – but quite fun – performance, and (2) the 'suburban nightmare' theme, which has run through somersault, strange bedfellows, tom white, alexandra's project, danny deckchair, the rage in placid lake, traveling light, teesh & trude, swimming upstream and lantana, many of which are very good/excellent. enter at own risk! may be one for people who titter at the word 'penis'. 4/10.

this one features all the (bad) effect of prior's cheap-o movies, but is so overtly racist, nasty and unpleasant that it is difficult to give this piece of dreck any redeeming feature. unless you plan to enlist in the marines, skip this one. oh, and even if you do, avoid it at all costs.

imagine the worst a-team episode add even more bad taste remove humor and you might get an idea of how despicable this movie is ! looks like a teenager stole daddy's camcorder and filmed the explosion of his little sister barbie model house. pathetic.

all of david prior's movies are terrible on all counts: bad writing, bad acting, bad cinematography, no budget (the director's brother is usually cast as the male lead). but they all have incredible entertainment value because of their unintentional hilarity. the plot of almost every david prior "film" (as i like to refer to them) is basically the same. manly all-american commandos team up to blow up communist baddies. but unlike other cold war-era garbage such as red dawn, prior's movies are actually funny because of their over-the-top premises and acting. the best part of jungle assault is the scene in which becker (or was is the other dude?) is being summoned by general mitchell for a top-secret mission in south america. the funniest line in the movie is then delivered, something to the effect of "this is my roommate, i trained him well". what. you trained your roommate? and apparently this is going to be their solution to avoiding eviction.if you can find these gems on video used anywhere, buy them. they are all funny and even funnier after a few beers. watch them with a group of your friends for a true mst3k-style experience. so far my friends and i have managed to get a hold of night wars and aerobicide aka "killer workout". but the one i recommend the most over them all is final sanction, with the freakish-looking robert z'dar.

well i'm probably about to be lambasted by everyone on this site, but the good earth is one of the worst structured films i've seen in a long time. we have a 2 and a half hour film that feels like its three and a half because it has two films in one. the first film tells the story of a family that has to move form their home because of drought and famine. they have to travel south to the cities to find food or work of some kind. conveniently they happen to find a bag of jewels and at the same time they find out that the drought has ended. yeah ok. with this knowledge they return home with their riches and everything is fine and wonderful again. well that takes about an hour and a half of film and while its incredibly lifeless at this point it does have a nice arc to it. you would think this would be a fantastic place to end the film. however, the film then continues on for a whole other hour. and in this remaining time, its takes a simple story about a family dealing with the hardships of the world and turns it into a sappy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. oh yea and the age old, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. just because you know your making an epic film doesn't mean that your story can go on needlessly for more than it has to. also the main idea i would gather about this film is that the earth is good to this family and holds them together. then why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman, and why is the final moment of the film dedicated to a wife that our main character hasn't even cared about through most of the film. oh wait and the film isn't the only thing thats poorly written, the main characters wife makes absolutely no sense. she complains a lot about how she was a slave and she never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. then why at the drop of a hat is she willing to sell her only daughter into slavery. even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still doesn't make sense when 20 minutes later in the film she is complaining about not wanting a slave again. there are other films from the thirties that should be paid attention to. the only thing this one has going for it is the cinematography. the land is shot beautifully, oh and the sequence with the locusts is quite impressive. too bad that were in a film that had nothing to say. one last thing. i know that at this point in time hollywood was focused mostly on stars and they figured that a good actor can portray anything. for most of the film paul muni does portray an asian man to the best of his ability, but once it hits the half point where the film goes on for no reason he loses it and just becomes regular old italian paul, they even cut his hair so he looks like tony from scarface(also a better film than this). of all the main characters in the film i think maybe three are actually asian, the rest are just americans being silly. oh and please ms. rainer that was a really nice one note performance, not, if i could i rip the oscar out of your hands, oh i would. the good earth is one epic waste of time. if you want something along this vain to watch on nice evening get the grapes of wrath, a film that truly deserves all the praise it gets. mainly because it wasn't written by a monkey.

this is the kind of movie i fear the most. arrogant and irresponsible, it presents a sketch of the colombian conflict so cliched and dumb it represents an insult to all colombian people. the performances are godawul, from grisales (her naked scene is absolutely pitiful), to bejarano, to fanny mickey (who looks right out of a tim burton nightmare), to díaz, who makes a notable effort to bring life to a character so one-dimensional, so cliched and so badly written all he´s left to work with is a mustache. not to mention the gratuitous ending, a gore fest so cheesy that it would make ed wood cringe. it fails in all ways, cinematography, art direction, costumes, makeup, editing, and most of all directing, jorge alí triana has always been a lousy filmmaker but at least his previous movies had some dignity. i can't say anything good about this waste of money, except that i hope colombian filmmakers learn a lesson about honesty, integrity and responsability from this mean-intended fiasco.

east palace, west palace reminded me somewhat of the detective, with frank sinatra in the role of the cop, and william windom is the boy. it's a progressive film for china, i guess, but it also perpetuates myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of chinese myths in which men take on female roles. the movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. he cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. and that in fact happens. then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time, handcuffed, slapped. this is what the gay man wants, and, implicitly, the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. the story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable, but when he starts describing old chinese myths and dramatic works, the movie becomes unbearable. it becomes a cry of pity for china's gays, who only want to fulfill a traditional role in chinese society. sorry, i can't relate.

i picked this up at the video store because of tarantino's recommendation ("if you don't like (this), go f&^% yourself!") on the box... seemed like a ringing endorsement.... i was expecting something a bit more like "death proof"... not much actual violence in this one tho, or plot, of character, or dialogue. look at the poster. it's all there. stunts, and rock. it goes back and forth. a week or so in the life of an la band that does a crappy magic show, at a level that you'd maybe see in one of the lesser casinos off the strip, and an aussie stuntman new in town finding his feet... they work, they meet girls, they party. end of story.the band obviously needed all that stuff because they are frankly second-tier, and playing a style that was already dated in 1978. it has to be said that the stunt bits in the film are genuinely spinetingling - that aussie fellow really is something, and the film seems largely motivated by love and respect for the "art". i hung it there to see what crazy thing he'd do next. just wish he could have found a better vehicle.

perhaps i'm not a sophisticate. this and closer are two of the more supposedly cerebral films i've seen recently, and both suffer from exactly the same problem to an excruciating extent. the dialogue is false false false. nothing that comes out of anyone's mouth seems remotely believable. perhaps the way this film is set up that's the way it's supposed to feel, but it was unwatchable. and boring. i walked out after 20 minutes of tedium.i'll stick with sleeper and bananas for my woody allen fix. if i ever come across this on the teevee, i'll turn over and try to find an episode of quincy instead.

well i'm blowed, a woody allen film that i walked out of after half an hour (i'm aware of the moral fragility of commenting on a film of which i've seen less than half, but i hope you'll understand why). basically, it became apparent very early on that we were going to be patronised from the screen with: a script that set out its conceit as if with bullet points; a cast that were all trying to be characters from hannah and her sisters (with the exception of chloe sevigny), and were badly directed into doing so; and a camera that sat around portentously, only for there to be nothing to film but chat and the actor delivering it. drama? none; it's partially pre-narrated, but the action does nothing to develop a dramatic situation.maybe i did leave too early in this case, but by then i'd decided against another hour and a half of one-liner-allen clones. the script has its funny moments – i went almost entirely on the back of will ferrell's excerpts in the trailer (trailer-hooked again, doh!) – but there's little pace to let them fly off nonchalantly, as is best. worse than this there's no fluidity. saying this film's wooden makes a forest look like a jelly: the opening café-bound discussion being the most abject case-in-point. the only thing that should be done by numbers is potted reviewing – 2/10.

this movie is just an excuse for the writer to make a film out of 2 failed scripts.its characters are just an assembly of characters with cliché tragic or comic attributes the sum total of which is neurotic dialog like only woody allen could write. woman love this because its like looking in the mirror so they will enjoy this film probablythis movies was not enjoyed by me however because there was no car chase and also the film didn't have any fights. there was also no drug lords or gang bangers. not to mention a lack of snakes. this film had no snakes. not my cup of tea and maybe not yours ether so think about what i have said before you find yourself watching this film.unless of course you resemble a female have weight issues man issues enjoy sex and the city and ally mcbeal then this is meaningful for you.

this movie stinks! you will want back the two-plus hours it takes to get through it. sliding doors, w/ gwyenth paltrow and directed by peter howit, did what melinda & melinda tries to do much much much better. that movie was clever, witty, and well-acted. i cared about what happened to both gwyenths -- or rather the characters she played -- and the performances by supporting cast were fantastic.where as melinda & melinda is tiresome, the dialogue is contrived and i could have cared less about any of these people -- least of all melinda. one melinda is so dysfunctional -- her first glass of wine is at 10 a.m. -- and so melodramatic she is laughable, and not in the comedic sense. the 2nd melinda is fine, but forgettable.woody allen's previous ensemble movies worked because, i'm guessing, he spent time on the screenplay and the actors were talented. one piece of trivia for this movie is that he wrote this screenplay in two months: you can tell. and while chloe sevigny is talented -- those around her are not, not enough to be a whole presence. the movie ends up being chloe sevigny and a bunch of other people you know you've seen in other movies but can't quite remember which ones.sad, very sad.

i will probably always go to see a woody alleb movie, as one never knows when he just might make a real return to his past greatness. just one or two great moments or lines could make it worthwhile. sadly however this film just does'nt make it on any score. saying thar actually makes me sad and even a little guilty. i'm sure my reaction is much like a lot of other fans of woody, but what can one say? it's probably time for him to concentrate on his clarinett, which in my opinion, he is rather quite good. saying all of this, i'll still probably go to any new film woody may come out with in the future. there's always hope and i'll continue to love and respect the woody!!

utterly pretentious nonsense. the material is dull, dull, dull, and most of the cast wouldn't even have made understudies in allen's earlier films. and to have to listen to the unfunny will ferrell do his woody allen imitation makes me loathe the second-rate (though mysteriously popular) ferrell even more. it appears that the morose 70-year old allen should have knocked off work when the clock rang in a new century.i truly tried to get involved in the film, but it was just impossible; my snyapses couldn't fire that slowly. so, rather than doze off and kill the afternoon sleeping in an upright position i got up, left my wife and daughter in the theater, and went out to the car where i had a really good book to re-read (george bailey's great tome of 30 years ago, "germans.") the day turned out pretty well after all, no thanks to woody.

woody allen has made some of the greatest comedies ever and i would seriously consider saying that annie hall is the greatest movie ever but if i really think about it i will probably think of one or two that are better, but it would be hard. he has had of course some films that aren't quite good but not that bad either like manhattan murder mystery and sweet and lowdown but he has never before had a film quite as bad as melinda and melinda. not quite so tired and so unfunny, his films are usually witty and hilarious but how did this happen, is it still our good old woody? the plot runs around four friends who are having dinner together. two are play writers and one of the others mentions a funny story that happened to a friend of hers. it is about a young woman who bursts in on a dinner party unexpected. we never hear the rest because the two play writes start to debate whether it would make a better comedy or tragedy. than we begin to see the two points of view. both center on this woman named melinda who is having trouble both with drugs and with her ex-husband. in the tragedy she is an old family friend who after attempting suicide decided to show up at her old best friends front door for no apparent reason. the comedy is about melida who stumbles in on the dinner party after popping 28 sleeping pills. both go on a wild whirl wind of events that never really make sense or fit together, or make you laugh more than once or twice. there are some nice performances by radha mitchell and will ferrell but they can't fit it together on there own. they cam't stop it from sinking farther down than most of the other films this year.

luise rainer received an oscar for her performance in the good earth. unfortunately, her role required no. she did not say much and looked pale throughout the film. luise's character was a slave then given away to marriage to paul muni's character (he did a fantastic job for his performance). set in ancient asia, both actors were not asian, but were very convincing in their roles. i hope that paul muni received an oscar for his performance, because that is what luise must have gotten her oscar for. she must have been a breakthrough actress, one of the first to method act. this seems like something that hollywood does often. al pacino has played an italian and cuban. i felt luise's performance to be lackluster throughout, and when she died, she did not change in expression from any previous scenes. she stayed the same throughout the film; she only changed her expression or emotion maybe twice. if her brilliant acting was so subtle, i suppose i did not see it.

i've seen my share of woody allen's movies, and while they're not always great, you can usually be sure you're going to be entertained. probably the last really good ones were bullets over broadway ('94) and mighty aphrodite ('95) - since then the ones i've seen have been patchy but watchable. and so when i was invited to see the new woody allen movie melinda and melinda, which i wasn't even aware had been released yet, i went along happily. i hadn't really heard much about it so i hoped i would be pleasantly surprised.what i got was definitely the worst woody allen movie i've seen. the premise is over-explained, the cast is terrible, the script is slow and lifeless. too many scenes said nothing and yet were stretched out, i assume to fill out what would have otherwise become a 15 minute short film.i don't mind the concept behind this film - two directors discuss how a simple situation could be interpreted as a comedy or a tragedy, and obviously the film proceeds to show us that, by playing out both scenarios. the problem is neither of these 'two films' are any good at all. the comedy isn't funny and the tragedy isn't very tragic. it seems like allen came up with a good idea but then ran out of steam, or time, to actually complete the film.the general level of acting is notably bad also - will ferrell is the only one who brings anything to the table, and it's basically a woody allen impression. previously good actors like chloe sevigny just come off as annoying, and the worst of the bunch is radha mitchell as melinda (which is a shame, because her character is in nearly every scene!).to be fair to the actors, the script they are working with is lacking if not non-existent. definitely a long way from the allen we know and love from classics like manhattan or annie hall.

possible spoilers.although there was some good acting - particularly chloe sevigny, and radha mitchell in the comedy half - this simply was not an engaging film. the segues between the comedy part and the tragedy part were awkward or sometimes not obvious. this viewer was initially confused by the fact that the supporting cast differs in the two halves; i thought with the way things were laid out in the opening scene that the people surrounding melinda would be the same people, just reacting differently (more of a "he said, she said" premise). however, what we have is two totally different stories and two totally different women, both of whom happen to be played by radha mitchell.the two playwrights in the opening scene - the comedian and the tragedian - supposedly take the same premise and go from there, but the two stories are only tenuously related. they do little to support the topic of discussion, which is that almost anything can be looked at as either comedy or tragedy. nice cast, but a disappointing film.

i've always been a great fan of woody allen and always will be for most of what he did in the past, but only a blind lover could ignore how dull, meaningless, pretentious and most of all horrendously acted this movie is. a vacuous mental masturbation based on inconsistent grounds. and what a disastrous idea to artificially recreate a presumed "actor allen-clone", that is putting into will farrell's mouth and gestures what allen would have done in farrell's place had he been 30 years younger. the outcome was obviously ludicrous. and not to speak of the dialogues... what was intended to be philosophical reflections turned into an involuntary mockery of intellectual pondering, unaware of its comic effect. how sad...

for a comedic writer, woody allen really lets the paying viewer down with this meager attempt at character development. there are a few entertaining moments, but no more than one would have listening to their dryer tumbling tennis balls.will ferrell wastes his time in this movie which fails to showcase his usually funny delivery. amanda peet did well, but again, didn't have the room to move in this otherwise corpse like movie. the movie is so heavy and dull that it cannot be carried but if it were carried, radha mitchell did it. if you enjoy movies that go on and on in one scene and don't really accomplish anything but to show that their writer can write a few lines of snappy dialogue on occasion, then you'll love this movie.

woody allen has lost his ability to write dialogue or characters that are clearly distinguishable from each other. this is the case with "melinda and melinda," where all the characters speak with allen's generic pseudo-sophistication and have problems and points of view that are not relatable to anyone outside of a four block radius of where allen lives. they also share the same curious condition of being able to afford multi-million dollar manhattan apartments that appear to have been designed by professional decorators regardless of their financial situation or what they do for a living.the only character who exists outside of this dull mindset is will ferrel as the obligatory woody allen surrogate. although he does not simply come off as merely doing a woody allen impression (like kenneth branagh in the god-awful "celebrity"), ferrel lacks the charm or charisma that the real woody had when he was playing the part himself in his best movies.the end result is another in a string of self indulgent bores from a once-great filmmaker who has been trading in on his former reputation for years.

i couldn't wait to see this movie. about half way through the movie, i couldn't wait for it to end. all of the (white) actors were delivering their lines like woody allen had just said, "say it like this..." then they said their lines on screen like they were trying to imitate woody allen. it was so annoying. we all know how will ferrell really talks, and he doesn't stumble over his words like mr. allen. the comedy portion of this film was just as boring as the tragedy and definitely never funny or even entertaining. i must admit that i have never been a major woody allen fan, and this movie definitely has not converted me. i think that his writing was just as bad as his direction. this movie will go down as one of the worst 10 movies i have ever seen.

if i accidentally stumbled across this script in textual form i would read it and maybe laugh. i would not, however laugh at the points in the film where the director would seem to want me to laugh. although i am still not altogether sure where these are. i don't care if this is woody allen, this writer cannot write dialogue, or at least he cannot knowingly write dialogue then draw performances from actors capable of drawing laughter from even the most ticklish of clowns. for example:(paraphrase) "i'm an art historian, i'm looking to get a job in an art gallery." ok, so it states the fact but honestly, do you know of any art historians who would say that? how would you answer? "really? an art gallery? who would've thought it?"the entire script is littered with the kind of tawdry quasi-intellectualism that i would not have expected from such a respected character writer. i admit that i have no knowledge of allen's other work and, judging by this one i don't want to start learning. the characters are loathsome without exception, an attempt to illustrate that we all suffer from the human condition? or really really poor character writing? you be the judge.

i am so disappointed. this movie left me feeling jipped out of my time and mental energy. here was the quintessential woody allen film all over again: the neurotic upper-class manhattanites debating whether or not they will cheat on their spouses. woody, i've seen these characters already, i've seen the storyline from you ten times already. where did your creativity go??? you need to open your eyes and look around you. the world has changed dramatically since annie hall - and you need to change along with it.there are far more interesting and funny scenarios to which you can apply your brand of angst and neuroticism - why not try them out instead of rehashing the same old slop over and over and over again.when i hear that woody allen has a new project coming out, it does nothing for me - because now i've come to expect his old standby: the couple who are growing tired of each other and end up cheating. depressing and same old, same old.if woody wants to win his fans back, then he has to understand that our sense of humor and intelligence has to be stimulated - not insulted.

and how many actors can he get to stand in for his own neurotic, compulsive uber-new yorker persona? in this film woody is played by will ferrell in what is mercifully less a direct impersonation than the one kenneth branagh did in "celebrity." it's an annoyingly repetitive story now: nebbishy, neurotic man with a wife or girlfriend falls madly in love with a shiksa queen upon which he projects all manner of perfection. everyone lives in perfect gigantic apartments in great manhattan neighborhoods, everyone constantly patronizes expensive, exclusive restaurants during which all the characters relate fascinating anecdotes and discuss arcane philosophy, there is always a trip to the hamptons during which the nebbishy main character spazzes out about sand and physical exertion and possible exposure to diseases, and then of course, said main character feels guilty about his lust for the shiksa queen but pursues her anyway, sometimes succeeding, sometimes failing, etc.this a tired formula, and proof that allen isn't really a great film artist at all. he just seems like a dirty old man with the libido and emotions of a 20-year-old who is intent upon telling the same boring old stories again and again.

woody allen, when at his best, has one of the sharpest pens around. he can make an acute observation and wrap it around a punch line like nobody else. however, when he's at his worst his movies can stench of pretentiousness. unfortunately, "melinda and melinda" has this stench from opening to closing. the set up is one of his more intriguing ideas in a while. four friends sit in a restaurant discussing whether the essence of life is comedy or drama. to help settle the argument, one man relates the beginning of a story and asks the two other men arguing (one a comic playwright, the other a dramatic playwright) whether the story is a comedy or a tragedy. the two men then continue the story and the movie plays out the stories that they weave. now, when i first heard about this film, my understanding was that they tell the exact same story, the genre (comedy or drama) only changes by how you look at it. now that would have been interesting. however, the stories only share one main element and a few side elements. they are entirely different stories with major plot differences. the drama is so stiffly scripted and pretentious that it can only really work as self-parody. if this was the point, then it failed because these elements prevent the audience from feeling any emotional investment in any of the characters. the comedy is the story that has moments of success, but they are still short and fleeting. will farrell is obviously meant to be the stand-in for woody, but he could have played this character so much more believably without adding woody's stutters and hand-ticks. woody is the best at being woody. when someone else tries, they're not playing a character, they are modeling a recognizable actor. this type of thing only pulls the audience out of the story.my favorite woody allen movies make me leave the theater a little bit lighter in spirit than i walked in. this one made me wish i could get my money back.

a couple of farmers struggle in life in a small village in china. wang lung (paul muni) buys o-lan, his future wife, who becomes his slave (luis rainer). american stars appear in the leading roles, talking with fake accents and emphasizing old stereotypes and patriarchal ideology. a good wife, many children and land are the best things for men to have. they are seen as property and investment. because it is a big budget movie, in which many extras cooperate, big sets are built and special effects take place, the movie makers could not take the risk of hiring less popular actors. luise rainer won an academy award for this performance, which is definitely the worst in the movie. her immutable face builds a barrier between her and the audience. o-lan is supposed to be the heart of the family and the best character to sympathize with. on the other hand paul muni gives a better performance, showing his talent ones again. another problem with the movie is the ending. it seems like franklin did not know when to end the picture. this film could be dangerous if it is taken as a truly example of chinese culture and traditions.

may i please have my $13.00 back? i would have rather watched "hydro- electric power comes to north america". again. this is a movie with one voice. the same voice, which comes out of every characters mouth regardless of age or gender. to listen to that voice again i would have to charge at least $150 an hour. and i don't take insurance. it was eerie watching will ferrell morph into woody. but i don't think imaginative casting is enough. one should wait until they have a story before they bother making a movie. unless he's just doing it for the money. and if that's the case why not just reissue an all-rap version of "what's up tiger lily?"

wow this movie sucked big time. i heard this movie expresses the meaning of friendship very well. and with all the internet hype on this movie i figured what could go wrong? however the movie was just plain bad. it was boring and the character development was never there. space travelers was also a horrible movie, if you didn't like that movie there is no way you will like this.

the good earth is not a great film by any means, it is way to ordinary. maybe it was different in the 1930's but who would want to see the life of a farmer. it is not very interesting to me. yes, luis rainer and paul muni do an excellent job acting but the film dragged on way too long. i could have told you the ending of this movie by the first act. in short wang lung (muni) a small time farmer who does not want to be like his own father turns out exactly like him. both falling in love with their wives just as they are on their death beds. the film does a complete 360 going from one generation to the next. also this film did not have any good character actors or funny moments, it just was depressing stuff about lasting as a farmer during a time of crisis.

the good earth is perhaps the most boring film i've seen in my life. the plot is slow and lacking. the acting is borderline comical. while i love paul muni, i can now say i have seen a film that does not do his true ability justice. the only saving grace i found with this film is it's production value. the use of hundreds of extras throughout the film creates a very believable and interesting environment. also, the beautiful effects used to create the illusion of millions of wasps sells easily and was revolutionary at the time. other than the production value i can say little else that is good or entertaining about this film.

the cliché of the shell-shocked soldier home from the war is here given dull treatment. pity a splendid cast, acting to the limits of their high talents, can't redeem 'the return of the soldier' from its stiff-collared inability to move the viewer to emotional involvement. best moments, as another reviewer noted, come when glenda jackson is on screen; but even jackson's crackling good cinematic power can't pull this film's chestnuts from its cold, never warmed hearth. ann-margret, she of sex-kitten repute and too often accused of lacking acting ability, finds her actual and rather profound abilities wasted here - despite her speaking with a nigh-flawless middlesex accent. the hackneyed score, redolent of many lackluster tv miniseries' slathered-on saccharine emotionalism, is at irritating odds with the emotional remoteness of the script, blocking, and overbaked formalism of the direction; except for its score and corseted script and direction, 'the return of the soldier' has all the right bits but it fails to make them work together.

chilly, alienating adaptation of rebecca west's book about an army captain returning from duty in wwii with his memory impaired (now there's an original idea!). it seems he remembers old flame glenda jackson but not current wife julie christie, which should be enough to set off some emotional sparks. this extremely well-cast soaper brings together leading man alan bates with director alan bridges and co-stars jackson, christie, ann-margret, and ian holm, but the burners are all on low. there are a handful of good scenes (particularly whenever jackson is on-screen), but bridges' pacing is unrelievedly sluggish and the film's dulled-out color is enervating. long on the shelf, this "soldier" is best left forgotten. *1/2 from ****

in my knowledge, largo winch was a famous belgium comics (never read) telling the adventures of a playboy, a sort of james bond without the spy life! so, when i had to choose a movie for a 5 years-old kid, i picked it up because the kid was already a great fan of james bond!but, just after the opening credits, i got heavy doubts: when american movies offer amazing start, here, no action and a torrid sex scene … then, the story get very complicated with financial moves… i thought i lost the kid.but, strangely, he had been caught by largo, and more than james bond! was it the excellent interpretation of tomer sisley? the difficult relationship largo has with his father? the multiple box story in which the friends are the bad guys, the bad guys are the friends? the exotic locations of honk-kong, yougoslavia? dunno, but he really cares about largo ("will he get up?) and we enjoyed our moment.

when i was younger, i thought the first film was really good in childhood, so i decided to see the sequel. this is an example of why some films shouldn't have sequels, because the first film is usually best, and it is. basically now that ariel and eric are married they have a daughter who isn't allowed outside the house because they are worried about the sister of ursula (the octopus legged villain from film one), morgana getting to her. when the kid gets out she asks ursula's sister to turn her into a mermaid, like her mum was. this makes ariel go back to the sea to find her. the same good voice artists, it's just the story that could have had a bit more thought. adequate!

disney goes to the well one too many times as anybody who has seen the original little mermaid will feel blatantly ripped off. celebrating the birth of their daughter melody, ariel and eric plan on introducing her to king triton. the celebration is quickly crashed by ursula 's sister, morgana who plans to use melody as a defense tool to get the king 's trident. stopping the attack, ariel and eric build a wall around the ocean while melody grows up wondering why she cannot go in there.awful and terrible is what describes this direct to video sequel. little mermaid 2 gives you that feeling everything you watch seemed to have come straight other disney movies. i guess disney can only plagiarize itself! do not tell me that the penguin and walrus does not remind you of another duo from the lion king!other disappointing moments include the rematch between sebastien and louie, the royal chef. they terribly under played it! the climax between morgana and everyone seemed to be another disappointment.i will not give anything away, but in 75 minutes, everything seemed incredibly cramped and too much to handle. an embarrassment to disney, little mermaid 2 is better left to rent and laugh at. then you can prepare for the rest of the other sequels disney is going to drown you in later on.

this is a movie that is bad in every imaginable way. sure we like to know what happened 12 years from the last movie, and it works on some level. but the new characters are just not interesting. baby melody is hideously horrible! alas, while the logic that humans can't stay underwater forever is maintained, other basic physical logic are ignored. it's chilly if you don't have cold weather garments if you're in the arctic. i don't know why most comments here return of jafar rates worse, i thought this one is more horrible.

this is a rip off of the old frankenstein premise. an acclaimed scientist is killed in a freakish accident and his father, a noted brain surgeon saves the brain. it is then put into a robotic body of his own design. his brother, an electrical genius, gives the 'colossus' impetus to transfer thoughts into motion. the whole project goes bad, when the creation goes berserk.special effects are undeveloped. the script is lacking. and it is humorous that this is not scary a bit. well, very small kids will think this is good. if you are wide awake at three in the morning and this comes on....night, night.the lead characters are played by otto kruger, john baragrey and ross martin. ed wolff played the 'colossus'.

sean bean is great, as are the photography, locations and costumes. however, the plot is somewhat muddled, and the conclusion flat. the plot has been substantially altered from cornwell's novel, and not to the better. unfortunately, this adventure is much better read than watched. sharpe was too narrowly drawn here, in contrast with his literary alter ego, who seems more intelligent and determined despite his apprehension in his new role as an officer promoted from the ranks. i really enjoyed the brief scene in which sharpe is tripped by a "real" officer, and after a quick pause and piercing stare, pushes the surprised and cowed officer right back. it sets the tone for his later trials as a commanding officer.rating: "4" of "10."

however, the ladies of all ages will lap it up, no doubt; at least the opposite sex understand what it is to be a mother, and most of us men try to fathom out what it is to be a father. whether changing nappies is not at all my favourite occupation and trying to get those bottled baby-foodstuffs into errant toothless mouths must rank very high on household duties preferably left to its mother, has absolutely nothing to do with the matter.some good interpretations here, and a good story idea; the handling of the matter, limited to rather scanty tv-production concepts, gives the film a rather over-mellowy taste with not much new to offer. an insipid way of delivering the goods, and in the end the outcome is so forseeable during the last 20 minutes or so, even my wife dozed off, and i was jumping up to the computer to get the on-line scoring in the barcelona-deportivo match, hoping the away team would do something rather good. they did. this film did not.better by far is mike leigh's magnificent "secrets and lies" (qv) which touches on the same subject matter, but with brenda blethyn playing a far superior part.

no likeable characters (the lead is a combination of the worst of woody allen/paul provensa/reiser) and the contrived scenes (did anyone really think thiat kid on the rollerblades was not going to knock the guy down?) were just sickeningly bad.

with no affinity towards any type of filmmaking, and a healthy appreciation of documentaries, i can honestly say i was angry at myself for bothering to sit through the entire length of "20 dates". i won't waste your time with the plot, you may read other reviews. i will say though that berkowitz's hyper, woody allen-style narration was extremely annoying. you either wished he'd lay off the coffee or ingest some tranquilizers. and it's potentially apparent to berkowitz himself that this film was a bad idea, as parts of it details his trials to finance the documentary. forgive me for disguising insults as compliments, but i'll give credit to berkowitz for having the skills to convince some idiot to finance this horrid piece of ****. i appreciate the boundaries & intentions of the film here, but even when regarding the standards berkowitz sets for himself, he fires off and misses on all levels. in closing, i'm sure many of these female companions were not at ease going on a date with a twitchy wanna-be filmmaker, and therefore i question the film's sense of authenticity. hey myles, i loved your film the first time i saw it... when it appeared as an episode of seinfeld or was a film directed by woody allen or kevin smith.

this movie is funny and painful at the same time. the "cinemagic" almost gave me a seizure. despite what they imply, "cinemagic" is not some innovative technical procedure. it was "developed" as the result of an accident, and they used it because it disguised the fact that their "monsters" were so stupid-looking. i also don't think it's a coincidence that the writer is sid "pink".this movie is good for a laugh, if you are really looking for a movie made in 9 days on 200,000 dollars. it is entertaining; at least i can say that about it. the bat/rat/spider is the highlight.

**possible spoilers ahead**gerald mohr, a busy b-movie actor during the forties and fifties, leads an expedition to mars. before we get to the red planet we're entertained by romantic patter between mohr and scientist nora hayden; resident doofus jack kruschen; and the sight of les tremayne as another scientist sporting a billy-goat beard. the martian exteriors feature fake backdrops and tints ranging from red to pink–-the "cinemagic" process touted in the ads. real cool monsters include a giant amoeba, a three-eyed insect creature, an oversized venus fly-trap, and the unforgettable rat/bat/spider. the whole bizarre adventure is recalled by survivor hayden under the influence of hypnotic drugs. the angry red planet reportedly has quite a cult following, and it probably picked up most of its adherents during the psychedelic sixties.

first off, i'd like to say that the user comments alone left me with tears in my eyes from laughing. one comment that bad sf movies become good comedies is right on the mark. mst3000 made it's living off that.if you look at the angry red planet as the fever dream of a 10 year old comic book reader from 1959, you'll have the handle on this sucker. all the elements are there: the pseudoscience, occasionally logical, more often hilariously infantile. the adolescent boy attitude toward sex, with the "gigolo" captain (good call on that one, guys!) making eyes at the buxom "scientist" with hair so red it's a wonder it doesn't set off the fire alarms. the ridiculous conception of mars as a planet so alien that everything glows red, yet one alien monster has a mouse face, and the blob alien has an eye that rotates like a kid's toy. the comic relief, an overweight astronaut (!) who sounds like he never finished the 8th grade in brooklyn and has a psychotic fixation on his ray gun. and of course, the mere fact that alien = dangerously evil. if these people had met e.t., they would have roasted him in two seconds flat! "ow" indeed!don't get me wrong. i rated this movie low. still, it's never boring (except when the scientist tries to explain everything - only to make it all sound more and more ridiculous), and you have to admit, in your little kid core, it makes you jump a few times. okay, then don't admit it. i guess you were never 10.

the film begins with people on earth discovering that their rocket to mars had not been lost but was just drifting out in space near out planet. when it's retrieved, one of the crew members is ill, one is alive and the other two are missing. what happened to them is told through a flashback by the surviving member.while on mars, the crew was apparently attacked by a whole host of very silly bug-eyed monsters. oddly, while the sets were pretty good, the monsters were among the silliest i have seen on film. plus, in an odd attempt at realism, the production used a process called "cinemagic". unfortunately, this wonderful innovation just made the film look pretty cheap when they were on the surface of mars and the intensity of the redness practically made my eyes bleed--it was that bad!! despite all the cheese, the film did have a somewhat interesting plot as well as a good message about space travel. for lovers of the genre, it's well worth seeing. for others, you may just find the whole thing rather silly--see for yourself and decide.while by today's standards this isn't an especially good sci-fi film, compared with the films being made at the time, it stacks up pretty well.ps--when you watch the film, pay careful attention to dr. tremayne. he looks like the spitting image of dr. quest from the "jonny quest" cartoon! plus, he sounds and acts a lot like him, too.

it's telling that as of the entry of this comment, no females have submitted a vote of any kind for this movie. not surprisingly, cheesy science fiction doesn't appeal to them quite as much... if you like a good "b" movie, and especially if you like to satirize them as you watch, you will like this. if you don't have fun watching bad movies, this one's not for you.

this sci-fi adventure is not the best and by no means the worst. i agree with the statement that bad sci-fi is comical. bizarre pink tinting and unusual special effects make this a favorite for the late, late, late show viewers. space explorers on the planet mars fight off strange giant amoeba-like monsters and other strange creatures. pretty cool.the cast includes les tremayne, naura hayden, gerald mohr and jack kruschen. get comfy and enjoy. don't feel bad if you nod off for a moment. i agree with adding this to the list of cult classics to not miss.

a spaceship returns from mars; about a couple of months earlier, a 4-person expedition had been sent to the red planet. most of the picture is a flashback to what transpired over there. the picture is saddled by inane, melodramatic dialog, typical of many sci-fi efforts of the fifties & sixties. note, for example, how the ship's commander (mohr) tells another crew member to 'stay there' for no reason; as if moving to another spot inside the ship will cause a problem. later, the commander orders two of the crew to remain in the ship while he and another go outside. the two he ordered to stay say 'no way' and follow out; i didn't have high hopes for the expedition's success by this point. there's much talk of 'ears twitching' and hugging a freeze-ray gun named 'cleo' (short for cleopatra, of course). it would at least be pretty funny, unintentionally, if the story didn't drag.there's a very slow pace to the whole thing; the astronauts spend as much time looking out the ship's window portals (which change color from red to blue), commenting on what they see, as they do outside actually exploring. the martian landscape, advertised as filmed in 'cinemagic,' usually resembles animation cut-outs, or drawings, shot through an orange-red filter to give the illusion of interacting with the actors, who do take on an odd surrealistic appearance due to the process. but i don't think it fools anyone over 10 years old. the one clever mention i did notice was that the memories of the surviving astronaut would be tinged with unreality, so that would explain the unreal nature of the martian vista. oh, okay...i was amused by some of the astronauts' actions as they begin to explore; right off the bat, they test their freeze gun on a plant, killing it, just for the hell of it. then the female member hacks with a machete at what she thinks is a tree but turns out to be the leg of the spider-rat monster. nice going, lady. look up next time. no wonder the 'intelligence' on mars gets upset and doesn't mind that one of the lower lifeforms, a giant amoeba, attacks the explorers. the acting isn't too impressive. mohr especially, had a very annoying technique, saying a line and then abruptly erupting into a huge grin which always creeped me out - reminded me of it! the terror from beyond space. the ending is fairly anti-climactic; don't expect any huge revelations beyond the 'no more expeditions' with freeze guns named cleo.

this dvd appears to be targetted at someone who will just put it on and play it in an endless loop in the background. it's organized as a series of music videos of the grand canyon set to various pieces of tangerine dream music.unfortunately, the td music is dull, and the transfer to dvd looks rather blurry and dim. too expensive a dvd for what it is.

first be warned that i saw this movie on tv and with dubbed english - which may have entirely spoiled the atmosphere. however, i'll rate what i saw and hope that will steer people away from that version. i found this movie excruciatingly dull. all the movie's atmosphere is lost with dubbing leaving the slow frustration of a stalker movie. i'm sorry, but the worst movie sin in my book is to be slow except when the movie about philosophy. i didn't see any deep philosophical meaning in this movie. maybe i missed something, but i have to tell it like i see it. i rated it a "1". what can i say, u.s. oriented tastes, maybe.

reading my review of the house that screamed, many may assume that i'm some 14 year old who thinks scream is considered "classic" horror. this is not the case, as i'm 30 years old and have been watching horror films for most of my life. but admittedly, i'm a child of the 80's that grew up on slasher/zombie/ghost/cannibal, etc...types of horror films - so i do typically prefer horror films that are more graphic and faster-paced. just like someone who can appreciate different music, painting, or in this case, film - but not necessarily like them - i can appreciate why some people may enjoy this sort of film...i just don't...the house that screamed is an exceedingly dull and tedious film about a school for wayward girls. the heavy-handed mistress of the school rules with an iron hand (or whip in some cases...) to keep the girls in line. she has a young son who creeps around and peeps on the girls while they shower (in their nightgowns no less (?!?)...), and meanwhile, girls are disappearing from the school as they are the victim of a murderer who's lurking about the campus...i can see why the house that screamed is often compared to suspiria (which is a masterpiece of a film in my opinion...), in terms of the atmosphere of the school itself and the interaction between the girls and their guardians - but this film is so dull and uneventful that i could barely stay awake. i'm all for "tension" and "suspense" in horror films - but this film held neither for me. luckily, i wasn't expecting a whole lot going into this one, so i can't say i was really disappointed - the house that screamed just reinforced the fact that i personally don't typically enjoy most horror films much older than from the 70's. this isn't a hard and fast rule, but those that i have enjoyed definitely seem to be more of the exception. probably a "must-see" for horror fans who enjoy more understated and suggestive horror films - but as i don't really know too many fans of that sort of material, i can't really recommend this one...4/10

if this could be rated a 0, it would be. from the atrocious wooden acting to the dull, plodding pace, the puerile exploitation angle and the sophomoric pseudolesbian titillation added purely for the sake of the sad viewers, this is a disaster of a film.the plot is predictable, as from the beginning one is absolutely certain of what will happen to all of the characters and how the plot will commence. from a boring, unexceptional beginning to a pathetic and bleak ending, every single presence in this film is wasted, and every meagre scrap of talent dug up for this turkey is squandered.if you want to watch something as relentlessly bleak with plenty of the same childish titillation, watch one of the ilsa films. at least they're unapologetic and up-front about what they're trying to do. how something this horrendously bad ever managed to be rated above a 5 is a miracle of how people with no taste or discerning standards can sometimes come together for the most dubious of purposes.it's not scary, it's not interesting, and above all it's not arousing in any sense of the word. it is, in my opinion, a crime; it is a crime that such a horribly offensive and incompetent piece of trash was ever conceived of and given the resources to come into existence, and even more a tragedy that it is still defended by some woefully misguided viewers.not even elvira's cheerful personality and joking ways could soften the blow that this horrifying travesty of film is. avoid it at all costs.

i can't believe that so many are comparing this movie to argento's. his work is far more imaginative and vicious--and a lot more fun.the director simply lacks the ability to build real tension. the murder scenes--and let's face it, that's what this genre is all about--aren't interesting. it was not hard to guess who the murderer was, and i really didn't care when it was revealed. the cinematography isn't memorable, and the much-praised 19th century gothic atmosphere just didn't draw me in. several of the actors are quite good (especially the headmistress and the sadistic girl who lords it over the younger students), but they're given very little to do.yes, there are undertones of incest, sadomasochism, and lesbianism, but amazingly, they add very little spice or suspense. if you're looking for a good horror movie, look elsewhere.

60 minutes in the beautiful christina galbo tries to escape the isolated boarding school she's brought to at the beginning of the movie. is she running from some kind of fate too horrible to contemplate, a monster, black-gloved killer, or supernatural evil? no, she's running from a bunch of bullies. for the other 40 minutes that follow, various figures walk around the school in the dark holding candelabras and looking alarmed or distraught, which doesn't say much in itself perhaps because great movies have been made about just that but if you're going to have characters walking around corridors and staircases you better be alain resnais or you better know how to light that staircase in bright apple reds and purples like mario bava. we know a killer stalks the perimeters of the school but his body count is pitiful and sparse and in the absence of the visceral horrors one expects to find in the giallo, we get no sense of sinister mysteries/unspeakable secrets festering behind a facade of order and piety and rightness which is the kind of movie la residencia wants to be but doesn't quite know how to do it. we know something is off because girls are reported missing but we never get the foreboding mysterious atmosphere that says "something is seriously f-cking wrong here, man". when serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the female students, he does so with quick-cutting hysterics and detail closeups of eyes and parted lips while high pitched "this-is-shocking" music blares in the background. none of the aetherial beauty and longing of picnic at hanging rock to be found here. it's all a bit clumsy and aimless, with no real sense of urgency or direction. a number of people are presented as suspects but there's little reason to care for the identity of a killer that goes unnoticed by the characters inside the movie. i like the first kill, the image of a knife hitting target superimposed over the anguished face of the victim as a lullaby chimes in the background, but the rest is too inconsequential for my taste. i have to say serrador did much better with the killing children and paranoia du soleil of who can kill a child?

the person who wrote the glowing review of this misguided project must be related to the writer/director/star--or is, in fact, the same person as it defies rational thinking that this movie would be appealing to anyone not connected to a very tightly woven inner circle. how about this? you want to make a movie--tell a story; entertain; draw me in with vivid characters. sure, you can do it artfully without bowing to the commercial elements designed for mass appeal. however, do not address elements of artistic expression in a vacuum in which the audience is in a continual struggle to grasp at skimpy narrative threads. if i'm to be moved by a dreamy psychological thread then make the concrete fabric easier to buy.

the 1990's begun to have day time talk shows sprout up left and right. every network had one, and they all lacked one thing originality. ricky lake was just another show to entertain the obese trailer park mother with a marlboro cigarette hanging out of her mouth while breast feeding one of her dozens of toothless, illiterate children. the english language and other cornerstones of mankind where ruined by this shows existence. titltes ranging from girl you a pigeon head and so on. how could anyone want to watch this pure and utter garbage? has our society really became nothing more than a bunch of hill billy's and dead beat fathers? the people who appear on this show were trash. the people who watched this show were trash. anyone that wishes to see this show re aired or put onto dvd is trash. people wonder why americans are becoming huge piles of lard and too fat to even get jobs, its having shows like this tell them its ok to be 500lbs overweight, and have 12 year old girls act like prostitutes. having such trash on tv has ruined morals.

i paid one dollar for this dvd and at first i was feeling ripped off, but then i started thinking about it and i should be grateful. i have found a holy grail, a real touchstone of bad cinema. if you think the opening dramatic shots of an empty stadium successfully fizzle with evel's awkward camera address monologue, then wait until the opening credits roll on the chauffeur's butt. the script seems to be pasted together from press clippings, and esl textbooks. but..... i just can't believe how bad george hamilton is. he seems to have absolutely no connection to anything he says, the only internal monologue i can detect is "gosh i bet they think i am cute. really cute!". this is an epiphany! i now know how bad it can get.

practically the only other actor who would be less likely to play evel knieval than hamilton is anthony perkins, yet somehow hamilton manages to turn in a reasonably effective portrayal (and as producer of the film, he wasn't likely to be fired or told he wasn't right for the part!) the early life of the daredevil motorcyclist is recounted here in multiple flashbacks. the film opens with a rather silly prologue with hamilton in his white-leather, star-spangled gear spouting the world according to knieval as if to say, "don't worry. this film is about my youth, but i'll be back in my familiar costume by the end of the picture." hamilton is preparing for a huge jump, yet is still licking his wounds from the previous one as devoted wife lyon both supports and derides him. he recalls various vignettes of his childhood and delinquent teenage years along with his early days as a stunt rider and blossoming celebrity. this flip-flop approach is pretty abrupt and sometimes disjointed, but it does prevent the movie from sticking to one of its inexpensive sets for too long a time or from getting into a rut with the fairly pedestrian characters. hamilton, usually a suave and debonair persona, does a very fine job of enacting the tiny details of his subject's mannerisms and demeanor including his walk. his hair is a shade lighter and longer and he works hard to give the right inflections in his speaking. (he even pays minor tribute to knieval's many injuries by appearing in a skimpy towel while his shoulders are covered in "scars" from the multitudinous accidents.) facially, he looks nothing like the real cyclist, but he does suggest him in his physical performance. lyon is excellent at playing the young girl he loves and then the more worldly wife, though her 3-pack a day voice does threaten to give her away at any given moment. she and hamilton strike up an easy chemistry which goes a long way in putting the film over. other nice supporting turns are given by freed as his jaded doctor, cameron as an early influence and taylor as a flea-bitten sideshow barker. the film was made on a low budget, but the story is a rather low rent one anyway, so that doesn't affect it too badly. the makers wisely used actual butte, montana locations to give the film a proper small town ambiance. several of hamilton's antics are amusing, though the character is certainly reckless and inconsiderate of other people's property! some of the real knieval's completed and failed stunts are included in some blurry footage, one of which features a mind-boggling "splatter" in which the man is rolled up and snapped around like a rag doll. hamilton's then-wife (stewart) appears briefly as a nurse.

the old axiom that bored people are boring people is well demonstrated in "women in love." the script, taken from d. h. lawrence's novel, contains an endless flow of concepts that are, at best, sophomoric.what a pity so much effort went into so vacuous an exercise; what an empty array of characters given such attention. in spite of high production values, this film comes across as tedious as its personnel.a revisit in 2001 merely confirms a 1969 impression of juvenille minds in adult bodies, dawdling nowhere, and fumbling every step of the way.

well, you might not actually see any women in love in this movie, but you'll certainly hear women talking about love, and men talking about love, and women talking about men, and men talking about women, and men talking about men, and everyone talking about death, and talking, and talking, until you yourself will want to scream and do something that requires no talking at all, like paint your bedroom or water your plants.welcome to the world of d.h. lawrence, where psycho-babble reigns supreme, and where no one can get down to living a productive life because everyone is too busy talking about how unproductive their lives are. spending time with the characters in a d.h. lawrence novel is like being locked in a closet with a group of your most self-absorbed acquaintances who you would run away from if you met them at a party. when i read "women in love," i so desperately wanted to strangle every single character in it, but since i couldn't, i was hoping they would at least strangle each other. alas, only one of them dies, not by strangulation, and i won't spoil it for you by telling which one, in case you actually give a damn about this story or any of these people.to give director ken russell his due, he makes this filmed version about as entertaining as it's possible to make this essentially unfilmable novel. he throws out much of the psychological mumbo-jumbo that lawrence adored, and focuses instead on all of the naughty parts, so we get lots of histrionic lovemaking in beds and fields, two buck naked men wrestling by firelight, and one embarrassing scene featuring alan bates (yup, buck naked again) roaming around in a meadow making love to bushes and grass (i'm not kidding). glenda jackson won an oscar for her performance as gudrun, the more dominant of the two sisters at the story's focus, and she certainly tries her hardest to do something with this material; anyone would deserve an oscar simply for having to bear russell's decision to give her a scene where she has to dance wildly in front of a herd of mystified-looking cattle. oliver reed has one expression, an intense glower. the whole thing is over-written and over-directed, and it's deliriously campy. indeed, this vies with "mommie dearest" as perhaps the most unintentionally hysterical movie i've ever seen.grade: d

if you're watching this without an inkling of an idea what the story is about, then you're in for quite the surprise. even then the synopsis has painted a picture of a rather sane storyline, but the actual film is anything but.as the synopsis went, it tells of an obsessed mountain climber, which you'll see as the prologue before the opening credits and text crawl, which tells you of the presence of chronopolis, an imaginary city that exists in dreamy manuscripts of the mind (note to self – this spells trouble with flashing lights), where its inhabitants are immortals yearning for a change in their omnipresence. they can see our world, and notice of all persons this mountain climber, and the synopsis explained that they decided to contact him through alchemy, creating an intelligent sphere to meet the man.what that translated to, is a repetitive piece of animation that a 5 year old kid could produce. have shapes created, though credit goes to the stop motion style, and put it through a mind-numbing loop. and repeat until your eyes start to close, then move on to the next scene. if anything, the chonopolisians (if this term exists) really love their sticks and balls, constantly playing at conjuring up that magical sphere, and having a field day playing with it before releasing it to the "other" world. it gets no better as well, when the man interacts with the sphere in yet another hypnotically boring and sleep inducing sequence.thank goodness of course that the run time is shorter than what's advertised, which is 57 minutes (or less) against the 70 stated. while firmly dated, its dull colours, non-existent story, scratchy soundtrack and repetitive pictures will win over no fans. don't waste time.

not that i want to be mean but this movie really surprised me a lot. during the whole film, i was like...erm...what is this movie all about? i don't get the animations at all. probably this movie will only be suitable for those who belongs to the 1980s. during the film, there is a group of people walked out. after the movie, many people said, "that's it?" frankly speaking, i cannot believe that this movie was awarded the best children film award. if you are thinking of watching this film, i strongly recommend you not to. you will regret it. i'm not joking. you will find that you are just wasting both your time and money of you go and watch it.

i almost made a fool of myself when i was going to start this review by saying " this movie reminded me of billy elliot " but then i looked up the resume of screenwriter lee hall only to find out that he was the guy who wrote billy elliot so it's mr hall who's making a fool of himself not me am i being a bit cruel on him ? no because lee has something most other aspiring screenwriters from britain don't have - he has his foot in the door , he has previously written a successful british movie that won awards and made money at the box office and what does he do next ? he gives the audience more of the same young jimmy spud lives on some kitchen sink estate . he is bullied at school and no one loves him . the only thing keeping him going is that he has aspirations to be a ballet dancer . no actually he has aspirations to be an angel but considering his household he may as well be a ballet dancer . he has a macho waster of a father who thinks " ballet dancers are a bunch of poofs while his granddad says " ballet dancers are as tough as any man you could meet . i remember seeing the bolshoi ballet ... " yup ballet is a main talking point on a run down british council estate those days - not . come to think of it neither is left wing politics which seems to be the sole preserve of middle class do gooders who live in nice big houses , so right away everything about this set up feels ridiculously false another major criticism is that this is a film that has no clue who it's trying to appeal to . i have often criticised channel 4 for broadcasting movies at totally inappropriate times ( the land that time forgot at 6 am for example ) but they showed this at 2 am and for once they've got it spot on . considering the story involves politics , ballet dancing ( gawd i hate it ) lung cancer and poverty there's no way this can be deemed suitable for a family audience but since the main protagonist is an 11 year old child and features angels and ballet dancers ( don't blame me if i seem obsessed with the subject - there was no need to refer to them ) there's not much here for an intelligent adult audience either . of course if lee hall had been told at the script development stage by the producers that he should write a story featuring a schoolboy and an angel and had flatly refused saying that he wanted to write about other themes and stories then i will apologise but throughout the movie you do get the feeling that once the film was completed it was going to be marketed to the exact same audience who enjoyed billy elliot

a study in bad. bad acting, bad music, bad screenplay, bad editing, bad direction and a bad idea. pieces of schlock don't come any cheesier or unintentionally funnier than this... thing. by the end of the "movie", you are left wondering why did they bother in the first place. poor malcolm mcdowell, was he short of cash or something? still thinking of seeing this? *spoilers ahoy*: if you haven't died of laughter in the first thirty minutes, by the time you'll see the cyborg-populated town named "cytown", you will. avoid this, my movie-loving friends. avoid.

cash (now played by khrystyne haje in for angelina jolie) has wandered to a post apocalypse wasteland (after her protector has died from old age, said protector was played by elias koteas, an actual decent actor) and now she finds that people wander through the rubble looking for cyborgs to trade for scrap metal and cash. she leads a group of burned out cyborgs (that includes william katt, evan lurie and a human scientist played by zach galligan) against bounty hunter richard lynch. malcolm mcdowell has two minutes of screen time as lynch's employer. cyborg 3 does manage to be better than the other two entries but it still is a largely dull feature. the problem this time is that the ideas with potential are never used well, the action sequences are routine and the name cast such as mcdowell, katt and galligan are given little to do. haje is indeed a whiny heroine and lynch is too over the top(as usual) and the film lacks the inspiration or ambition to be as fun-bad as it's hilarious predecessor. (the one with van damme, the second one is just dull.) also disappointing is the science fiction angle which almost aggressively resists any good idea it has. as an action flick this is routine and by the numbers b-movie stuff and it is competently made, that's the only thing positive i can say about it.*1/2 out of 4-(poor)

years after the fall of the last of the great corporations, the world has fallen into a new dark age where cyborgs are harvested for their parts. cash, a female cyborg, travels to a wasteland doctor to receive news that she is pregnant. on the run from recyclers (bounty hunters who hunt cyborgs), cash tries to find her way to cytown, the mythical refuge for cyborgs."cyborg 3: the recycler" is the third (& last so far) entry in the cyborg trilogy. the first film was originally planned to be a sequel to masters of the universe, but was quickly rewritten into a standard post-apocalyptic martial-arts fest that became something of a cult classic due to its cheesy action scenes. cyborg 2: glass shadow was a sequel that actually improved upon its predecessor but was not widely seen (& was dismissed by those few who saw it as cheap fodder).this film, for one thing, tries to be a meld of the first two films (the first was a cheesy action film while the second was a smart cyberpunk story) but unfortunately falls short on both counts. the budget was obviously lower than cyborg 2, with the film being set in the desert wastelands (like so many post-apocalyptic action films of the 90s were), shot around old industrial buildings to conserve costs.the film's story centres on a plot device, that of a pregnant cyborg, that is as interesting as it is absurd (this film is not the first to try that idea; the anime ova series armitage iii uses it to a greater extent). but the film falls into the same trap that so many low-budget sci-fi action films fall victim to, in the fact that the snags (synthetic organisms) featured are nothing more than androids. the visual effects amount to nothing more than prosthetic arms & makeup effects.the acting is pretty standard for this kind of film, with the lead actress (khrystyne haje) being the single worst performer on display. instead of being joyed at the news she is pregnant, she acts all whiny & sullen. her co-stars are much better, malcolm mcdowell being the usual gangster type who enlivens the scenes he appears in & richard lynch has a lot of fun as the chief villain. of particular note is andrew byniarski, playing lynch's right hand man, who would later appear in the texas chainsaw massacre remake & its prequel.

i wouldn't give this movie a rating, it's not worthy. i watched it only because i'm a pfieffer fan. i love her and would watch anything she made. even in this dud, she didn't disappoint. every scene with her in it, kept the viewer watching...waiting...for something to happen but nothing ever did. it had some good story lines but they ended abruptly as soon as it started. some of the other characters had potential but nothing became of it.pfieffer was 29 when she made this film and at her most lovely. the wardrobe and set was surprisingly good. i can watch mostly anything and rarely come across a movie i can't find something to like about it, but this was a dud. i don't understand. the worst thing about it all, it had a big cliff hanger at the end. it had an ending scene that woke you up and say wow, this film is finally going some place, then the credits roll. good grief. i agree with the review that said .99 would have bought 3 cans of cat food and watching my cat eat would have been more exciting. well said. actually, that comment was more entertaining than the film because it sums it up so well. i too wasted .99 cents on this dud.dud.dud.

so the other night i decided to watch tales from the hollywood hills: natica jackson. or power, passion, murder as it is called in holland. when i bought the film i noticed that michelle pfeiffer was starring in it and i thought that had to say something about the quality. unfortunately, it didn't.1) the plot of the film is really confusing. there are two story lines running simultaneously during the film. only they have nothing in common. throughout the entire movie i was waiting for the moment these two story lines would come together so the plot would be clear to me. but it still hasn't.2) the title of the film says the film will be about natica jackson. well it is, sometimes. like said the film covers two different stories and the part about natica jackson is the shortest. so another title for this movie would not be a wrong choice.to conclude my story, i really recommend that you leave this movie where it belongs, on the shelf in the store on a place nobody can see it. by doing this you won't waste 90 minutes of your life, as i did.

i bought this on dvd for my brother who is a big michelle pfeiffer fan. i decided to watch it myself earlier this week.it is a reasonably entertaining piece containing two completely separate story lines. the section with michelle pfeiffer was by far the more interesting of the two. she plays a rising hollywood actress who has had many short unfulfilling relationships. she literally bumps into brian kerwin (a regular married guy with kids)after driving her car into the back of his. after being initially hostile to one another he offers to drive her home as she no longer feels comfortable to drive. romance develops eventually leading to tragedy when his wife finds out. what happens at the end i was not prepared for but the slow pacing and routine tv direction takes any drama out of the plot.the other section involves an old studio boss played by darren mcgavin. this section actually has the better cast with kenneth mcmillan, lois chiles, steven bauer & stella stevens. they all want something from the studio boss but in the end when he is asked to resign, they all realize their careers will now be going nowhere. it passes the time but is not all that interesting and i am glad this was not bought for me. i am not a michelle pffeifer fan but she was admittedly the only actor worth watching in this film and even in 1983 she was a decent actress. overall though unless you are a fan of hers avoid this as it is very routine.

really, they spelled it brain in the credits, not brian.ok, they didn't have the budget for a spell checker. all the production money went for great old cars. there are at least two packards visible here. one is a darin convertible. a nice yellow packard convertible.the scenes of the movie studio show that there was some money spent for costumes and set decorations. old cameras, an exterior of ciro's, street signs and whatever was needed to make a visually pleasing picture was there. poorly written and directed.my dvd says it runs for 104 minutes, approximately. it was more like 85 minutes. it came to an end without reaching a conclusion. there was a collision but no conclusion. the movie just smashed up against the credits. 99 cents for this. i paid 99 cents for this. i could have bought 3 cans of cat food and watched my cat's face as he emoted more excitement.for a few seconds in the ciro's scene after darren mcgavin gets a phone call, it looked like, maybe... this movie would have a surprise twist that would make for an interesting film. then it just sat there.the young latin actor played by steven bauer (tony montoya) could have had a much bigger part in all that was going on here. this cast could have made a good film.i think if they cut brian's part and use steven bauer in his place and change the script and keep the packards and lose the band and add a johnny otis sound alike band, then they got something.here kitty, kitty...tom willett

we rented five movies for new year's eve weekend and watched this one first. all i can say is that there was no place to go but up after watching this one. it was pointless and vulgar. harvey keitel's script must have been easy to write -- just make two out every three words a curse word. andie mcdowell is surprisingly good in a character roll, but the movie has nothing else to recommend it.

run away from this movie. even by b-movie standards this movie is dreadful. it is also insidious in it's theme. the main theme is that people who reject society and have no respect for anything are cool and worth admiring. people who treat others with respect are losers. guncrazy is a movie that speaks for the disenfranchised a lot better than this movie, see it instead.no normal kid would do what trent does. state troopers do not work as they do in this film etc. seeing this movie makes you realize why writers use the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold cliche. mija is a completely unsympathetic hooker,who yes, has had a terrible life. however, she is such a terrible person the audience cannot identify with her.usually there is one thing a movie can be recommended for, in this case there is none. it is such a ridiculous movie it insults the person who tries to identify with the main characters. the acting is adequate by b-movie standards and the direction presents nothing new or interesting.

i actually had hopes for this movie since i've seen kari in a few other things and think she has some talent. alas, this dud is a case study in what not to do in a screenplay. completely undefined characters without a shred of likeability, and no plot whatsoever. is it a road/buddy/comedy/thriller/romance/drama? the filmmakers don't have a clue, and neither do we.

i've had a thing for this kari chick for a while, and as far as how she looked in this movie, no complaints. but after catching it last night in high definition, i am certain: that's the only thing in the movie that isn't substandard. the script is horrible, the acting is horrible, the direction is horrible. i saw in another comment someone commenting on how great the sex scenes were...what? not at all. when a movie is this bad you might as well just turn it into softcore porn, but instead i get to see some pasty white dude blocking me from seeing wuhrer's body and scenes that offer me nothing except a tease. they should have just gone cinemax so that the movie wasn't a complete waste of time, but no. with a script this awful they should've capitalized on wuhrer's looks, since that's the lone pro of the movie. 2/10, only because she looked so hot.

(there are spoilers) homicidal nymphomaniac hooker miya, kari wuhrer,takes over the life and car of 18 virgin, even though he's too embarrassed to admit it, collage freshmen trent colbert, kristoffer ryan. by the end of the movie myia not only deflowers but give poor innocent and naive trent a lesson in how to spot a dangerous nut job and keep as far away for him, or her,in order to keep from ending up turning into one. hanging around a trucker rest-stop miya is picked up by roy, burt young, for some hot and heavy action, in the back seat of his buggy. roy is either too drunk or stupid to realize that miya is non other then his estranged daughter! outraged that miya is reluctant to get it on with him roy almost strangles her to death only to be interrupted by first year collage student trent colbert who plows into the rest-area side swiping one of the truckers. seeing her chance miya jumps into trent's car and the two are off in what turns out to be the weirdest car chase ever put into a movie. going all across the north eastern usa the two end up involved in a truck car smash-up a murder and a shootout with the state troopers that then leads to trent's parents home, with them being held hostage. it's there that there's another wild shootout between the crazed miya with an entire swat team reinforced by the local police and state troopers. you would expect a movie like "hit and run" to be intentionally or unintentionally funny but it's not. in fact the film is very disturbing in how miya treats everyone in the film that she comes in contact with even her perverted and child-molesting father roy. getting trent to drive her all over the north-east miya gets the poor slob drunk having it on with him in a motel room, together with whips handcuffs and a lighted candle. miya also gets it on with the motel owner the horny mr. foster by tricking him into giving her his gun, as being part of some weird sex game. after holding foster up she takes off with trent's, who out cold in his motel room, wallet with some $400.00 in it yet doesn't bother to drive away with his car. needing the money to pay for gas to get home to his parents for thanksgiving trent gets a call on his cellphone from miya to pick her up at a local diner to get his money back. like the jerk that he is trent picks up miya, who's now a fugitive from he law, and later gets involved with her father roy on the open highway as he tries to run both trent & miya off the road. the chase ends up in this deserted wear-house that roy chases miya,out running him on a muddy road in high-heels, into with him getting it in the you know where with a blast from his own shotgun. roy was so busy trying to take his pants off that he forgot he left the gun unattended. with both a holdup and murder, as well as a hit and run, charge against them the two desperadoes stop off at a s&m/tattoo boutique where trent gets his ear and nose pierced and is dressed up in leather and chains, by myri, together with a matching his and hers dog collar. this in order to meet his straight-laced and conservative parents for thanksgiving dinner. having a running shootout with the state troopers, with one of them ending up badly injured,the two fugitives from the law end up at trent's parents mr & mrs colbet, david keith & elaine martyn home with the entire local police force, with a swat team, waiting for them there. obnoxious movie with a truly disturbing final ending that made you wonder what exactly the movie was trying,if at all, to tell it's audience. you felt a lot of sympathy for miya at first but as the movie rolled along to it's downbeat ending that evaporated as fast as a tray of ice cubs in death valley. even though roy was the most unlikable person in the movie at first by the time the film ended miya totally eclipsed him.

crazed shotgun toting-incest driven-revenge seeking truck drivers & obsessive control disorder "daddy raped me when i was 12" handcuff carrying, all latex wearing prostitutes is just a few of the character you will be introduced to in this complete disgrace of a movie that can easily be viewed on any cable tv station (ie: skinemax) at 4am on sunday nights. (…and yes i know that was an entire sentence, but bare with me people; this is a long-winded review for a short pointless film).filmed in "somewhere" canada, with almost no budget, the plot to this freak show is trite, the police in it obviously never heard of "state jurisdiction" because they end up chasing both miya (hookers) and trent (idiotic, anal retentive, generic, insecure college student) all across the u.s. (and i thought only the fbi could do that). the camera is shaky, the sex scenes are mediocre and the acting is so bad it might actually cause unintentional acid flashbacks to movies like "ishtar" and "leonard part 6".as far as the skin scenes go (which is the only reason to even rent this movie, don't even think of buying it) there are two of them. the first one is the only one worth watching though which is the dominatrix sex scene with kari salin and ____(insert unknown actor here, he's obviously done nothing else worth noting) in a seedy, disgusting motel room (the kind with the busted sink that drips, and the soda machine outside that only has blue tonic water left in it). it's all s&m (riding crops, handcuffs, hot wax, and underwear licking) folks and in the end, he gets left in a motel room, with no money and cops waiting at his door (that's goes to show you guys, don't let a hooker tie you up in a "middle-of-nowhere" motel room). sadly though, kari shows no skin worth remembering, and that alone can cause deep-seeded traumatic experiences for some gentlemen, so that is definitely a downer towards this flick.as for the ending, *snicker*snicker* i know you probably wouldn't mind if i revealed it to you but i won't, you should spend your hard earned money for that one. all in all i give it a 1/5 for action, a 3/5 for skin (see last paragraph) and a 0/0 for acting, character development or intricate plot twists.- laughing man

to say funky forest: the first contact is a bad movie is an understatement of incredible proportions. i can really get into a good art house film, even a surreal and twisted romp like el topo, naked lunch, and survive style 5+, because those movies actually have something worth discussing when the credits roll.fffc attempts at every avenue to be this deep and intellectual, essentially there is no substance in this movie. this movie is badly done, the visuals in this movie are not inspiring, the dialog is worse, the musical numbers destroy this movie.. i chuckled for guitar brothers, but that was immediately wiped out by something completely unnecessary, and irrelevant. it attempted to be deep and meaningful i think, but its just pretentious disoriented nonsense. freshman film students without a camera could craft something more interesting.guitar brothers and the stand up routines in between skits get 1 point each, everything else is just badly paced, pseudo-creative, heavy handed attempts at being as good as films by other real directors like, sogo ishii, david lynch, and jodoworsky. give me a break. i am convinced that people that rave about fffc are doing so because they have no idea of what they saw, because it was nothing but mild pertinent statements here and there mixed with stupidity and blended until you puke on your own shoes.this movie was an extreme disappointment, coming off the high that was survive style 5+, a film that actually has meaning, combined with excellent use of scenery, cinematography, catchy dialog, funny moments, good soundtrack, excellent performances, fantastic pacing and flow. fffc features the exact opposite in every way, boring scenery (20 minutes staring at a bland beach at night? a completely white stage? alien balls floating in white space? a dinky school hallway and then a... school hallway?), terrible cinematography, forgettable dialog, nothing funny or humorous, save the fact you just wasted your life for two hours, soundtrack?, amateurish performances, uneven, disjointed, and often flat out dragging pacing, zero flow whatsoever.there are those that claim this is what makes fffc a great movie, that it is so unconventional at every turn that its pure genius. this is simply a way to stroke your own ego it seems, because "unpredictable" could be a good quality for a film if it wasn't coupled with "boring", "innane", and "terrible". personally i have spoken with two people who admitted to me that fffc was terrible when they left the theater, but overwhelming rave by art-house elitist made them watch the movie again and then come back to me with a... "hey it was pretty good i liked it".i'm going to put my foot down, this movie is slop, i don't care if roger ebert says this film is the best thing he's ever watched since he lost his own virginity. "the emperor's new cloak" i say... this movie is no way indicative of the other psychedelic/trippy films to come from japan in the last 10 years. taste of tea, party 7, and kamikaze girls are much better movies (even with a low budget), and none can honestly compare with survive style 5+. watch fffc only if your interested in making a pretentious pile of nothing on a shoestring budget.

"algie, the miner" is one bad and unfunny silent comedy. the timing of the slapstick is completely off. this is the kind of humor with certain sequences that make you wonder if they're supposed to be funny or not. however, the actual quality of the film is irrelevant. this is mandatory viewing for film buffs mainly because its one of the earliest examples of gay cinema. the main character of algie is an effeminate guy, acting much like the stereotypical "pansy" common in many early films. the film has the homophobic attitude common of the time. "algie, the miner" is pretty awful, but fascinating from a historical viewpoint. (3/10)

is there a movement more intolerant and more judgmental than the environmentalist movement? to a budding young socialist joining the circus must seem as intimidating as joining a real circus. even though such people normally outsource their brain to hollywood for these important issues, the teachings of hollywood can often seem fragmented and confusing. fortunately ed is here to teach neo-hippies in the art of envirojudgementalism.here you'll learn the art of wagging your finger in the face of anyone without losing your trademark smirk. you'll learn how to shrug off logic and science with powerful arguments of fear. you'll learn how to stop any human activity that does not interest you by labeling it as the gateway to planetary armageddon.in addition to learning how to lie with a straight face you'll also learn how to shrug off accusations that are deflected your way no matter how much of a hypocrite you are. you'll be able to use as much energy as al gore yet while having people treat you as if you were amish.in the second season was even more useful as we were able to visit other hollywood gods, holy be thy names, and audit - i.e. judge - their lifestyles. note: this is the only time it's appropriate for an envirofascist to judge another because it allows the victim the chance to buy up all sorts of expensive and trendy eco-toys so that they can wag their finger in other people's faces.what does ed have in store for us in season three? maybe he'll teach us how to be judgmental while sleeping!

i have been an environmentalist for years and was really looking forward to this show. i had it set to record all episodes because i thought i could really learn some great new things. i probably could if i could get past rachelle.i'm sure a lot of this is staged to seem like a reality show and appeal to that class of viewer. it doesn't work for someone who's really interested in improving the planet.this show should be called nagging with rachelle.since ed is such a great font of information, maybe a second show that's really serious about the environment would be a good idea. dumbing things down is not necessary for some of us. i no longer record episodes or watch the show, but do let me know if a real green show may be in the works.

i can't figure out who greenlighted this thing! it has no redeeming qualities, none, nada, zip, zilch.the acting was bad. the directing was bad. the writing was bad. the plot was bad. the music was bad. the editing was bad. ....well, at least the filmmakers were consistent.

i noticed that this film has taken the brunt of a lot of insults. it probably earned some of them, but it wasn't that bad. well, i'll be honest: i never want to see this film again. it was a bad film. but i don't hate this film, it tried to tell a story. as a drama, this film could work very well actually. i just think the filmmakers misgauged which road to take when they made this (they should have added more funny bits if they wanted it to be a comedy). with a rewrite, it could have been a great film. but as a satire, it didn't work in its current form -- many scenes did not fit within the context of the plot: for example, the robbery scene makes little sense in the story. still, it wasn't the worst independent film ever made -- is it in the top 10 worst? that's debatable.

this is just a terrible 'comedy' -- it really is a bad film. there are no funny elements. no jokes that are funny. i don't know how some people can claim this dismal short film could be 'smartest' or 'quality.' perhaps if its the only film that a person has seen you can make that claim of the brothers. but, i have seen thousands of better films: namely leonard part six (now, that's funny)! i don't know how the brothers is even considered eligible to be listed on the internet movie database: its more like a home video than an actual film.jokes aside, just skip this film. a root canal is more enjoyable that this cliche-ridden unfunny material.

this film is just a shame. orlando, florida seems to becoming a more recognized filmmaking area (like vancouver's rise to prominance). the brothers was shot in central florida and this short film is a bit of a setback for the area (which made great strides with the indie film walking across africa and the great hbo miniseries from earth to the moon).i will try to be as honest as possible. i think orlando was the perfect place to film the brothers. it had the potential to give a new spin on the 'boy band' craze. after all, both n'sync and the backstreet boys come from this area. but, the brothers falls short probably because of a weak script. both lead characters are flat with almost no development (part of this could be the amatuer actors, but some of it is certainly the way the script was written).also a problem is the choice of jokes. many of the jokes are too repetitive (they do come off funny the first time, but it does grow to be a bit boring). some of the 'concert' scenes are staged poorly (and many of these scenes also don't seem to move the story along in any way).i had high hopes for this one, but alas its a disappointing effort. i also hope the best for the upcoming feature based on this short. but i think the best thing for filmmaker john figg is to move to different genres (quickly). comedy isn't his strong suit. but, its indisputable that he definitely is one of the more prominant filmmakers in the orlando area (its just a shame that right now he's infamous, not famous).

i saw this move several years ago at the central florida film festival if i recall. i liked it, it showed great potential. i guess most people here are blasting this film because the film did seem hobbled together (by the filmmaker's own admission on the official site -- the short was exhibited as a "rough-cut").but nonetheless, it was an easy-going comedy. i think many people try to read far too much into a comedy. all they are supposed to do is make you laugh -- that's all. i did just that at its showing, so it succeeded on that level. just my 2 cents anyway.

please make me forget. please. please. this is the worst film i have ever had the misfortune to watch. i consider the film an insult to my brain as well as my backside who both have suffered from me sitting and watching this film. i have yet to see what damage it has caused my sight and my ability to complete sentences. what a load of garbage!! and don't get me started about the acting... someone please help me forget!! "weird science" -- come back!! everything is forgiven...i am "proud" to give this film the first 1 here at imdb... and i've voted for hundreds of films... many of them c**p but this is so bad i can't even believe it. someone actually came up with the idea and thought it was worthy of becoming a film? someone actually read the script and decided to produce the film? someone read the script and auditioned for it? someone saw the film and decided *not* to put it on a shelf to collect dust for eternity? *these* are the questions i want answers to. not the philosophical question about that tree in the woods and well, you know...

turn your backs away or you're gonna get in big trouble out of my boyfriend's back! only a happy ending can bloom your innocence that is full of gloom and doom at the very moment you're watching this. it's safe to say that the entire movie falls apart, with a sarcastic approach and tribute to zombie shows that defy nonsense to the max. we get a name like "johnny" every so often, and this "johnny" has nowhere to go. there isn't a specific reason to why our "dead corpse" crawls out of his grave just to survive until prom night, so that renders the movie totally useless. without a feeling of sorrow, his mother is convinced to tell the doctor that he's dead. johnny takes a bite out of eddie's arm afterwards. the viewer is asked a tough question: why does the movie have to be this cornball? there is an answer. any resemblance to all persons living or dead is purely coincidental. "living" is a coincidence. "dead" has nothing in common with the movie. show this one to your girlfriend and she'll skip the senior prom, turning your life into a deserted ruin. blah!!!

i'm easily entertained. i enjoyed "hot shots" and "the naked gun" and their many sequels, even when most people found them unbearable. i've even managed to enjoy most pauly shore movies. there is only one movie that i've seen that i can honestly say was bad...and this was it. it's been a while since i've seen it, but i do remember sitting in the theater thinking, "this is a dumb movie. why did i see this?" it's honestly the only movie that i cannot recommend.

i have seen over 1000 movies and this one stands out as one of the worst movies that i have ever seen. it is a shame that they had to associate this garbage to the angels 1963 song "my boyfriend's back." if you have to make a choice between watching this movie and painful dental work, i would suggest the dental work.

1993 was the year. this was long before phillip seymour thomas had won an oscar. who knew i would be an extra in a movie with him? i was actually a paid extra in "my boyfriend's back," which was shot in a suburb of austin called georgetown, tx. the original title was "johnny zombie" (thank god the producers had a change of heart!) i was in the theater scene. i rushed out to watch the movie the day it was released in theaters. it is more of a comedy than a horror movie. but... for a good laugh, you might want to check it out. nothing that is even close to "dawn of the dead" or even "shaun of the dead" quality, but the cheese factor is good enough. ciao

i guess you have to give some points for the sheer courage of writing a musical around a history lesson but how about some decent music? is the cartoonish acting of howard desilva meant to pique the interest of otherwise jaded children? is william daniels' campy contemporary (for the time) acting style meant to appeal to a 1960s/70s demographic? do we need all the "in-jokes" about ny & nj? (i can hear the blue-haired broadway audience guffawing on cue.) sorry, i find the whole piece dated, boring & the acting far too strident for the screen

but this movie was a bore. the history part was fine but the musical part was not. not one song i cared about and no soundtrack to be heard.if sweet jesus" was suppose to be comic relief it never work. if john adams was suppose to be the obnoxious annoying one, the rest of them were trying to overthrow him in every scene.hancock and jefferson were the only bearable characters in the whole movie.the historical quotes and the debate about slavery in their historical context were interesting enough but not enough to overcome the lack of music in a musical.shouldn't you be humming the songs after a musical, except for a few chirps, nothing else was worth the breath.

oh, well, this movie starts off well. it's kinda funny and seems like it could be a fun movie. then it becomes a bit serious and goes off the rails. it sort of wants to be 'boogie nights' but it can't achieve it. if only it stayed with the tone of the first quarter of the film...

i entered the theatre intending to pass a pleasant 90 minutes being entertained if not enlightened. i left neither entertained nor enlightened. this movie can't make up its mind what it wants to be and ends up being not much of anything. there are a few funny lines and a few incredibly pretentious movie references (the 400 blows--for this character? come off it!). while none of the characters gets treated with much respect, the over thirty gay men get the worst of it: all predatory, fat, sad, slobs. if you're in the mood for a movie dealing with gay relationships check out parting glances, longtime companion, trick, all over the guy, red dirt, maurice, philadelphia instead. you'll thank me.

the eight jean rollin film i have watched is also possibly the weirdest; the intriguing plot (such as it is) seems initially to be too flimsy to sustain even its trim 84 minutes but it somehow contrives to get inordinately muddled as it goes along! a would-be female vampire (scantily-clad, as promised by the title) is held in captivity inside a remote château and emerges only to 'feast' on the blood of willing victims (who are apparently members of a suicide club) as if unsure where all of this would lead him, the writer-director ultimately has the human villain – actually the blank-faced hero's kinky father – ludicrously revealed as a mutant(?!) from the future! the languorous pace and dream-like atmosphere (the cultists wear hoods and animal masks to hide their features from the sheltered girl) are, of course, typical of both the film-maker (ditto the seashore setting at the {anti}climax) and the "euro-cult" style, as are the bevy of nubile beauties on display. personally, the most enjoyable thing about the whole visually attractive but intellectually vacuous affair was watching familiar character actor bernard musson (who appeared in six latter-day luis bunuel films) crop up bemusedly through it from time to time!

i have to say that there is nothing wrong with low budget films, so that was not my problem with it. my problem with it is that i felt like i was watching my next door neighbor's home movie. imo everything about it just seemed like a guy wrote out a quick story, grabbed a camera, and started shooting. i understand how hard this must be to do effectively, but when i pay to rent a film, i expect to feel like i am watching some type of professionally made movie.john schneider has a huge resume, is a great actor, and was fine in this film. the other people in it were not. i understand how it must be fun, and cheaper to use friends, and relatives as the cast, but it doesn't make for convincing acting. it seemed like the way it was shot, he was trying to give many of the scenes a more interesting look, but when the writing, plot, and acting are there to begin with, that type of style isn't necessary, and it is a distraction.also on a technical level, it had digital artifacts all over the place. in the first scene of all of those fine cars, when they did a slow scan of them, they appeared to jerk back and forth just a little bit. the problem isn't in my viewing equipment, (benq pe-8700 84" diagonal) but somewhere in the production. i've never seen that kind of artifact in a professionally made film before. then there was the sound. it sounded like they didn't do any voice-overs, which may be o.k. unless it sounded like the track in this film. it sounded like the built in microphone on the camera.

profanity, stupidity, self-indulgence, and bad acting all join forces for a true tour de force in terrible movie-making. pesci's attempt to prove my cousin vinny was no fluke, shows the opposite instead. he is generally too lightweight and foulmouthed to handle the lead. a true must-miss!

in this movie, joe pesci slams dunks a basketball. joe pesci...and being consistent, the rest of the script is equally not believable.pesci is a funny guy, which saves this film from sinking int the absolute back of the cellar, but the other roles were pretty bad. the father was a greedy businessman who valued money more than people, which wasn't even well-played. instead of the man being an archetypal villain, he seemed more like an amoral android programmed to make money at all costs. then there's the token piece that is assigned to pesci as a girlfriend or something...i don't even remember...she was that forgettable.anyone who rates this movie above a 5 or 6 is a paid member of some sort of film studio trying to up the reputation of this sunken film, or at least one of those millions of media minions who can't critique efficiently (you know, the people who feel bad if they give anything a mark below 6).stay away...far away. and shame on comedy central, where i saw this film. they usually pick better.

in this movie, joe pesci slams dunks a basketball. joe pesci...and being consistent, the rest of the script is equally not believable.pesci is a funny guy, which saves this film from sinking int the absolute back of the cellar, but the other roles were pretty bad. the father was a greedy businessman who valued money more than people, which wasn't even well-played. instead of the man being an archetypal villain, he seemed more like an amoral android programmed to make money at all costs. then there's the token piece that is assigned to pesci as a girlfriend or something...i don't even remember...she was that forgettable.anyone who rates this movie above a 5 or 6 is a paid member of some sort of film studio trying to up the reputation of this sunken film, or at least one of those millions of media minions who can't critique efficiently (you know, the people who feel bad if they give anything a mark below 6).stay away...far away. and shame on comedy central, where i saw this film. they usually pick better.

this foolish, implausible tale is redeemed only by the opening scene in which a hard-boiled police detective delivers some nearly-audible lines confirming our greatest fears: he is dead. perhaps the film would have been saved had the director forgone the dazzling star power of a. martinez in favor of this sadly-anonymous actor who filled the screen for a brief moment. that a no-name hack-tor off the street could salvage such a dishwater film is no less likely than a villain committing murder by dropping stones into a quarry for an unsuspecting diver. his moment is brief; his promise is immense. perhaps we will be treated to more screen time by this obscure thespian if there is ever a sequel to this ill-advised film.

lets start off by saying that "jawani diwani" is just a pathetic movie. i agree with the last person who said "i missed the joyride". lol. the jokes were just terrible. performances were average. something went terribly wrong with the film. emraan totally deserved something better. all celina jaitley did was expose. hrishitta bhatt was ok. emraan hashmi was ok too.mann (emraan hashmi)is a desperate guy who wants to become famous. therefore, he uses radha and pretends he loves her, only because her father is a music director and could help him become famous (since, the father obeys everything his daughter says). one day, mann and his friends go to goa to have some fun. there he meets roma (celina jaitley) and totally falls for her looks and tries to flirt with her bla bla bla. then, that night roma cannot open the door to her room, and mann decides to help her. seeing that he cannot as well, roma goes to ask for help. while she is gone, mann is able to open the door and decides to come inside and sits on her bed bla bla bla. roma comes in and they have a one night stand. however, in that one night- stand roma falls in love with him. that morning, they spot the underworld don (mahesh)who sees it all. the don loves roma and couldn't stand what he saw. he orders them to get married, and being frightened, mann obeys the order and merry's roma. then, their marriage news ends up in the newspaper. mann is later finds out that he loves roma after they do a music video together. he is now trapped between love and fame. bla bla bla.the movie is horrible. the songs "sini ne sini ne" is fantastic the remix version is even better. "dil diwana" is also great. the title track is also awesome. guys, avoid watching this movie.

this movie is a great example of how even some very funny jokes can go terribly wrong. i really expected at least something from this movie after seeing the add which was funny as hell but the movie wasn't half as good.the weird part is that the jokes are actually funny, the spoofs of the smoking ban, jo bole... etc. are genuinely good jokes but i don't know whom to blame this movie flop on.the prime candidates may be:- 1) the hammers ( actors) and hammeresses (actresses) and not even the funny kind 2) the director 3)the guy who cast the actors and/or the director anyway if you are really really bored and i mean really see this movie, or else get a copy of each and every ad or teaser of this movie and laugh your butt of because those will be far funnier than the film.p.s the only saving grace of this film is mahesh manjrekar and the funny chappu bhai

this is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies i've ever had the misfortune to sit through. every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. the main character, maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. the supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. nor do we ever really understand the john stanton character supposedly influencing maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. at one point, i thought "aha! maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient stanton! now we're getting somewhere!" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from maddox's perspective and the viewer's. where's ferris bueller when we need him?

i came to new port south expecting a surrogate movie about the columbine school massacre similar to gus van sant's elephant and certainly the synopsis in the tv guide stating that a student sociopath rebels against the system did give me that impression but this is a very boring movie where little happens so consider yourself warned the story is about maddox , a chicago high school student who decides to strike back at what he perceives to be an authoritarian regime . the major problem is that the character is underwritten and the actor who plays him blake shields is unable to embellish any script deficiencies . you have the gut feeling that maddox should have the evil charisma of hitler , saddam or bin laden but he never comes across as anything more than a petulant truculent teenager and it's impossible to believe he could rally any disciples . the subtext of you overthrow one manipulative authoritarian regime only to replace it with another manipulative regime is too obvious which means new port south is an entirely unconvincing drama that's not worth going out of your way to see

about five minutes in, and i saw where this was heading. bunch of high school kids get annoyed by the school's administration and thoughts of rebellion start fomenting. i said to my girlfriend: if it gets below a 5 on imdb, i'll go and read a book. it got 5.0, so she persuaded me to go on watching. what are the good things? well, it is a good thing this film does not have a story, because you would surely be distracted from it by the editing. it's like the student's drawing that was torn up by one of the teachers, all the footage for this film was cut up in a freak accident involving a meat-grinder, and left half the stock destroyed, with the other half spliced into two-second bits. even in a ten-second scene of the local tv news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. and then there are the montages. these are all set to electronic music, which forewarns you of yet another montage, so that like pavlov's dog you start cringing every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. oh, i was supposed to say what's good about this film. well, the film was shot very well, with a nice color palette, that nicely matched the emotional content - such as there was - of the scenes. okay, now with the film's major flaw, and it wasn't the story, or lack thereof. the director made that fatal mistake of leading you astray about people and situations, not by clever storytelling, but by being highly selective about what to show about the main characters. that's just cheating. i guess he did it in order to make the central character more likable. but it just became plain annoying. if the story is full of holes, it's no good trying to patch it up by misdirecting the viewer. and often there wasn't even any point to it. and then the ending. basically, the main villain of the peace turns out be an okay guy, if a coward. plus it turns what seemed to be the whole point of the movie, that you should stand up for a just cause on its head, by the already mentioned misdirection, and makes it into a point about the nature of revolutions, that was already made, and much better, by animal farm. it also committed what i call the bill cosby sin: no matter how things may seem at first, in the end adults are always right, and children always wrong. and let's face it: unless you're me, that's just not true.

this film is terrible. the characters are completely unbelievable, and wildly inconsistent. the plot is awful and some of the classroom scenes are cringe-worthy and make for uncomfortable viewing.in fact the quality of the script and characterisation would suggest that this film was written by high school students, only the utter lack of credibility to the school environment would suggest that, in fact, the writers probably never went to high school. the acting in most cases was weak too, although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot, i am not sure that any actors could have made this film watchable.having said that the sound track was ok, and the cinematography was nice in places (although the editing was poor).

i'm still trying to figure out if there was a point to this film.for content that's supposed to be so 'rebellious' and 'controversial' the things that maddox distributes to the students are awfully lame. students seem to be easily swayed by vague anti-authoritarian sentiments and snippets of words illegibly scrawled onto leaflets. rebel, everybody.i suppose it would have been too much to ask to have a teenage rebellion film where a school fire alarm doesn't get set off.apparently a 'huge fight up on the football fields' is a fight that consists of two people.characters personalities seem to wildly vary at random. a football jock who maddox was fighting (and who subsequently got a staple on the face) is all smiles and apologies the next day.the fact that it doesn't come to any real conclusion of the plot makes me feel that the whole thing could have been fitted into a half hour after school special. if they had cut most of the attempted pseudo-glitch soundtrack.

this movie seems to start in the middle, introduces peripheral players as if they were significant and presents main characters without any substance and paper-thin and/or impenetrable back-stories. almost nobody has a credible or discernible motivation for their actions in this film. the plot rambles and ultimately goes nowhere, the dialogue is clunky and trite and the director has little concept of how to get the best from his actors. it almost feels like there's a first half of this movie but it never got made.we're told that a mysterious pyramid has appeared over new york city and that central park has inexplicably become an arctic wasteland. yet none of this seems to have caused much of a stir amongst the general population and is only of minimal concern to the government.we're presented with the "evil corporation" in eugenics but that's really just a convenient conceit to populate the universe with a couple power-tripping minions. the whole "eugenics-is-bad" double-entendre is heavy-handed and never really pans out here. we're supposed to care about the central characters but we never learn enough about them to know why. so much about this world is underdeveloped or completely undeveloped that it comes off as a 1-hour, 40-minute fatalistic rationalization for rape.on the "ground-breaking" digitally animated world created here, all i can say is that at about the same time as this film was made several other directors did the same thing with more seamless and believable results.after spending the time to watch this film the most burning question left in my mind was, "so what?"

i love science fiction, i am fascinated by egyptian mythology and i appreciate digital animation. i figured a movie that combines these three would be at least enjoyable. i could not have been more wrong: the story (or actually the lack there of) was completely uninspired and lacks imagination - while imagination usually is the biggest component of any science fiction story. the dialogue and acting are even worse than in an average porno movie. especially thomas kretschmann gives new meaning to the term 'bad performance'. bad acting wouldn't have been such a huge problem if only 'director' bilal didn't take himself so seriously; all the lines sound like they are supposed to be poetic, it looks like bilal really thinks he has made a piece of art here. well, there's no art or poetry to be found in this piece of junk, only pretentiousness! this man should really stick to making comics, since he fails on all possible accounts as a director. worst of all is the terrible digital animation, which is so ugly that it actually turns watching this movie into a physically painful experience. the graphics look so fake they even make the werewolves in 'van helsing' look like live actors! and since half the characters are cgi-animated, it is quite a problem that the cgi-effects look so fake. if the egyptian gods actually exist then bilal's a dead guy, since they will no doubt take gruesome revenge on him for the ridiculous way in which he portrays them in this disastrously bad movie.

i saw this at an arty cinema that was also showing "last days" and some charlie chaplin films. based on the quality of the other features, i decided to give "immortel" a chance. i nearly walked out of this movie, and i like science-fiction! the story is set in a futuristic new york city, filled with blade runner-style sky advertisements and some similar debates about cloning/synthetic humans. unfortunately, the screenplay was not condensed enough for an hour-and-forty-five-minute movie. three groups exist in this world: humans, artificial humans, and egyptian gods. the artificial humans seem to have the upper hand and control the politics of the city. the humans are slaves and are used for eugenics and organ donation. the egyptian gods have a floating pyramid (modeled on the great pyramid of khufu, and complete with a deteriorated exterior, leaving a smooth "cap" on the pyramid. wouldn't a floating futuristic pyramid be in perfect condition?). the pyramid rests above the city and nobody on the ground understands what it is or why it's there. i won't bore you with the so-called plot, but there is lots of unnecessary gore and many gross-out scenes. the film, as i said, looks to have been influenced by blade runner, and perhaps also by the fifth element and the matrix. at the end of the film credits were listed thank-yous to the united kingdom, france, and italy. the film is french, but uses british actors who don't speak french. hence, it is obvious that their french dialog has been dubbed. this is a distraction, and i also thought that switching back and forth between real humans and animations quite distracting. it doesn't help that the animations are poor--no better than a video game. skip this one.

i thoroughly enjoyed bilal's graphic novel when it came out, and was amazed when i saw the trailer for this film, and even more so when i found that bilal had directed it himself. the film, however, was a major letdown. the visuals are nowhere near the rich and gritty texture of the original artworks, and the story is poorly told. bilal seems to have chosen to focus on the more esoteric aspects of the graphic novel, and he doesn't do a very good job at it, either.the most enjoyable part of the original graphic novel was the friendship-hate relationship between nikopol and horus. they were both out of their right time and place, forced together by circumstance. most of all, they were funny and likable. not so here. nikopol has no discernible personality whatsoever, and horus is a pompous twit who just wants to get laid. even though the film is french, horus doesn't have to be!we have all seen films we enjoyed, but wouldn't recommend to everyone, for some reason or other. i wouldn't recommend immortel to anyone, except maybe as a warning not to overreach your talent and resources. bilal's a master storyteller, but obviously not a master of every visual medium.

this is definitely one of the weirder 70's movies out there, and it's most notable for kicking off a decade of bigfoot hysteria. it is also notable for the little touches of insanity throughout the movie, especially when the dark, moody first half is replaced by a musical interlude of all things (as another user pointed out, one of the songs is dedicated to a character, travis crabtree, who paddles around in a canoe for a while, then... leaves, never to be seen again). although it's painfully dated now, i's still a fun scary movie to show to kids, and anyone who enjoys either bigfoot lore or 70's hillbilly culture is bound to get a kick out of this. my favorite part: a guy gets so scared that he jumps headfirst through a door (!?) and the narrator explains he went unconscious from "shock." uh, i'd say breaking a door with his head is more likely why he went unconscious, but whatever.4/10 stars, or 7/10 if you like bad americana.

"a town called hell" (aka "a town called bastard"), a british/spanish co-production, was made on the heels of clint eastwood's success in the italian made "man with no name" trilogy. the template used in most of these films was to hire recognizable american actors, whose careers were largely in decline and dub their voices. this film is no exception except for the fact that they used some british actors as well.it's difficult to summarize the plot, but here goes. the story opens with rebels or whatever, led by robert shaw and marin landau raiding a church and killing everyone inside, including the priest. fast forward to the subject town a few years later where the shaw character is masquerading as a priest. the mayor of the town (telly savalas) is a brutal leader who thinks nothing of meting out justice with his gun.throw into the mix a grieving widow alvira (stella stevens) who is searching for her husband's killer. add to this the fact that she rides around in a hearse lying dead like in a coffin for god knows why. after the mayor is murdered by his henchman la bomba (al lettieri) the town is invaded by a federale colonel (landau) in search of a rebel leader (i'm sorry but the name escapes me). the colonel takes over the town and begins summarily executing the townsfolk to force them to reveal the identity of the leader.even though they opened the film side by side, its difficult to tell from the dialog that the landau and shaw characters know each other. a blind man (fernando rey) claims he can identify the rebel leader by touching his face. he does so and..............................................i'm sure the principals regretted making this film. it's just plain awful and well deserving of my dreaded "1" rating. shaw spends most of the film fixating his trademark stare at whomever is handy. even landau can't salvage this film. the beautiful ms. stevens is totally wasted here too. having just made peckinpah's "the ballad of cable hogue" the previous year, i found it odd that she would appear in this mess of a movie. savalas made several of these pictures, ("pancho villa" and "horror express" come to mind) during he pre-kojak period.michael craig is also in it somewhere as a character called "paco".fernando rey appeared in many of these "westerns" although he would emerge to play the villain in the two "french connection" films. al lettieri would also emerge with a role in "the godfather" (1972) and go on to other memorable roles before his untimely death in 1975.in all fairness, the version i watched ran only 88 minutes rather than the longer running times of 95 or 97 minutes listed on imdb, however i can't see where an extra 7 or 8 minutes would make much difference.avoid this one.

this british-spanish co-production is one of the countless films shot in spain in the wake of the unexpected phenomenal success enjoyed by the italian "spaghetti" westerns and, as is typical of such genre efforts, features an eclectic assortment of established and emerging international stars: robert shaw, telly savalas, stella stevens, martin landau, fernando rey, michael craig, al lettieri, dudley sutton, antonio mayans, etc. ironically, however, this incoherent mess of a movie serves as a shining example as to why that most american of film genres became a dying breed in the 1970s and is nowadays practically (or is that officially?) extinct.i really wanted to like this film, not only because the western is one of my favorite types of movies but also because it had all the qualities, including an intriguing premise, to be a good one - not to mention the fact that my father had purchased a paperback edition of a town called bastard's novelization following its original release! as it is, the film's sole virtue (if, indeed, it can even be called that) is its sheer eccentricity: for instance, stevens, playing a widow out for revenge on the man who betrayed her revolutionary husband, sleeps inside a coffin(!) driven around in a carriage by her dumb manservant(?) sutton; savalas, as a blood-thirsty renegade, who at first appears to be the film's main villain, is unceremoniously dispatched by his own henchman lettieri very early on in the picture; the villain of the piece, then, turns out to be landau who, in the film's very first scene, is seen pillaging side-by-side our legendary hero-turned-priest shaw!; fernando rey, playing a blind peasant, is the only one who can identify rebel shaw who, in the end turns out to have been merely a front for...well, nevermind! as you can see, the plot is very confusing and it gets stranger from there! the production team responsible for this film were also behind other western fare around the same period of time, like custer of the west (1967), bad man's river (1971), captain apache (1971) and pancho villa (1972).

there are some really terrific ideas in this violent movie that, if executed clearly, could have elevated it from spaghetti-western blandness into something special. unfortunately, a town called hell is one of the worst edited movies imaginable! scenes start and end abruptly, characters leave for long stretches, the performances (and accents) of the actors are pretty inconsistent, etc.robert shaw is a mexican(!) revolutionary who, after taking part in wiping out a village, stays on to become a priest(!)...ten years later the village is being run by "mayor" telly salavas. stella stevens arrives looking for revenge on the man who killed her husband. colonel martin landau arrives looking for shaw. they all yell at each other a lot and they all shoot each other a lot. fernando rey is in it too (as a blind man). the performances aren't bad, but they are mightily uneven. savalas has an accent sometimes as does landau (who is really grating here). shaw and rey prove that they are incapable of really embarrassing themselves and stevens looks pretty foxy (if a bit out of place amongst the sweaty filth).

this star-studded british/spanish co-production looks great, what you can see of it. i have three versions, two vhs, one dvd, and all are terribly cropped, so badly that it looks as if buildings are having conversations with each other. few films suffer as badly from pan and scan as this one, as director robert parrish seems to have been so enamored with the widescreen process that he tended to use both sides of the screen at once, neglecting the middle. another user comments that we see the entire inhabitants of a church massacred at the beginning; not in any of the copies i have. there are some abrupt cuts of peasants firing their rifles, one mexican officer is shot, shaw and landau celebrating, and that's it. we never find out why shaw has become a priest (if he really is), we never find out what happens to don carlos (savalas) although i suspect he was called home to star in kojak, as his departure seems arbitrary. and there is a strange flashback sequence where michael craig (mysterious island) is dancing around in a bowler hat and bad suit in the great old english music hall tradition to the 1960 hit battle of new orleans, not sung by johnny horton here but with some lyrics i've never heard before. on the plus side, the location is great, a huge old ruined fortress with escher-style stairs leading nowhere, some nice scenery-chewing by robert shaw, and good performances by stevens, landau, lettieri, and telly savalas as telly savalas. i didn't really like this film, but i haven't exactly seen it. i will seek the widescreen version and make my decision then.

just another film that exploits gratuitous frontal male nudity; awful acting, plus, the lovemaking scenes are the most un-sexy i've ever seen (and this is not about me not linking the idea of two young men making love, since i'm gay).again, as in mil nubes de paz, julian hernandez directed an incredibly pretentious film with a story that makes enough argument for a short film of about five minutes but manages to make a 2 hour film with it... and this time, there isn't even the issue of racism and commodification in the mexican gay community to talk about! god gracious have mercy on us!

just saw this at the chicago film festival - avoid it at all costs unless you have sleep problems. it is a film filled with pretensions - it opens with a minor quote from "hiroshima mon amour" and it's all downhill from there. camera work - imagine a child trying to imitate wong kar wai. story line - smokey robinson and the miracles' "the love i saw in you was just a mirage" expanded from 3 minutes to over 2 hours but filled with repetition. for butt numbing pain this film ranks with the benches at the methodist church my parent dragged me to when i was a kid. i want 2+ hours of my life refunded. julian hernandez's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was "controversial" - that is true only for the film's narcotic effect.

... and yet, we were told, there was another hour and 20 minutes left to go.why, oh, why wasn't there an editor to tell the writer/director to snip, snip, snip? apparently that writer/director has previously done shorts; as a short, this would have been okay. but the lack of dialogue starts to grate after twenty minutes. the lack of much music glares. the background noises (talking, traffic, and especially a ubiquitous helicopter) get old really fast. but the worst failure is in story. there is precious little beyond a short.after an hour we saw variations of the same scene over and over again. i nearly screamed at the screen, "we get it, we get it!!!!!" it's amazing that after that left the theatre, we could drive home, watch the daily show and parts of the colbert report, get ready for bed,and know that the audience was still trapped in the theatre.it's not enough to indulge your vision. you have to give the audience enough to share your vision.

this movie is simply far too long, far too repetitive, with the male nudity and sexuality being (as this is said as a gay with my own collection of adult titles) far too gratuitous and unnecessary. much of the first third of the movie could have been cut down to ten minutes and been equally as effective without trying the patience (and stamina) of an audience.i saw this movie on an early saturday afternoon, with a film festival audience; the type of crowd that tends to be more adventuresome, interested in more experimental or atypical films, such as one without much dialog, shorts, foreign films. the near sell out crowd in an approximate 275 seat theater started to dribble out within the first half of the movie and while the great majority did stay for the "pay off" (which never actually arrived), i have never, in about 14 years of attending any number of film festivals, experimental, gay and otherwise, seen such a large number of people walk away from a film. this movie could easily have been cut down by more than half and been as effective as it was. it also could have gone in different directions, still with a shorter running time, and been far more effective.as it currently exists, this is not something that one can readily recommend or one i would have any desire to watch again.

boring, long, pretentious, repetitive, self-involved – this move felt like a bad date. worse, the tedious art-school direction -- with a heavy-handed use of the whirling shot that gets so overdone it almost made me throw up –- is constantly screaming to be noticed. add the thinnest of plots and virtually no dialogue, and the film begins to feel like a four hour epic about 30 minutes in. it gets worse: instead of dialogue there are poorly written voice-overs and quotes and songs that comment all too obviously on the characters. really loud opera music too. blame it all on the director.the actors are all quite good. the lead actor miguel angel hoppe is particularly suited for film stardom. he and the other actors have some tender erotic moments. even these start to get boring after 5 minutes however, and one wonders if the director is auditioning for a bel ami porn job. the stunning college campus architecture as a location in mexico city is inspiring. how come universities in the us are so bland (sfsu, uc, etc.)? but wait for the dvd on this film. you'll want to use the fast scan button – a lot.

how many minutes does it take to paint a poem? in this film much too long. it tells the story about the impact of a first love between two schoolboys. the boys can't withhold touching each other and making love. after a while one gets distracted by a brief encounter with a sensual guy in the disco and that raises doubt: exploration, fantasy, longing, lust and feelings of loosing grip on your love are themes that are all extensively painted with music, close-ups and silent scenes like telling a poem. but it really takes too long, annoying long, shame, the effort was promising

i gave this loooooooooooong film a "2" because of the attractive actors and semi-sexy love scenes. otherwise, if you can't read like a speed-reader you will never get through the subtitles that try to keep up with the spanish speed talking! and, what the hell is going on in the plot if you can't read the subtitles. endless stares and goof-eyes and constant rejection. just boring after an hour or so. some good cinematography but also some so dark you think your screen has burned out. how this won anything i will never understand. difficult to talk about "acting" since the lead actors seem to just stare and look lovingly at each other when they are not pushing each other away. the character geraldo is so attractive that it is difficult to believe that anyone would push him away. and what is with his mother? i just plain didn't get it most of the time except that there were three guys that all seem to have had a history with each other....but never figured out who was whose "ex."

this could have been the gay counterpart to gone with the wind given its epic lenght, but instead it satisfied itself by being a huge chain of empty episodes in which absolutely nothing occurs. the characters are uni-dimensional and have no other development in the story (there's actually no story either) than looking for each other and kissing. it's a shame that an interesting aesthetic proposition like having almost no dialog is completely wasted in a film than makes no effort in examining the psychology of its characters with some dignity, and achieving true emotional resonance. on top of that, it pretends to be an "art" film by using the worst naive clichés of the cinematic snobbery. but anyway, if someone can identify with its heavy banality, i guess that's fine.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning marshall lawson (steven seagal) is assigned to france on a reconaissance mission along with three new young strike-team recruits after disobeying a direct order from above. however the night before they're due to strike, they are all found grusomely slaughtered by a killer with seemingly inhuman strength. with the french police dallying around with their own investigation, he goes in search of those responsible himself, only to uncover a corrupt faction of the military dealing in a deadly new drug that alters a person's dna and gives them terrifying new strength.bad cover. bad title. bad post-production tampering. and bad trailer. pretty bad film. but, i've got to say, i don't think attack force is quite his worst. i know this will make me unpopular with most of the other reviewers here (perhaps not steveday!) but i think a lot of the criticism has stemmed from all the bad news that went before the film rather than the actual quality of it itself.i must say there was nowhere near as much dubbing or ropey editing as i'd been lead to believe. the dubbing there was (which made him sound like martin sheen with a groin problem!) was pretty awful and quite frequent but not in use for as large a segment of the film as i'd thought. the plot flowed pretty smoothly as well considering all the messing about with the original finished film called harvester that went on. also as another reviewer noted, the film has a nice gothic look to it, a new touch for a seagal film.the absolute killer low point, though, was the complete and total lack of any exciting action, with only a few poorly filmed fight scenes for any fun.i have to be honest, though, i would rather watch this again than flight of fury, today you die or out for a kill. **

the movie is boring, the characters and scenarios are unrealistic, unbelievable, the action is hilarious. this movie is a big mess. it almost seems like when the action music kicks in, the most impressive stunt is running. either voice is dubbed over with mr. mcgregor or steven sang too much and it changed his voice. there is way too much dialog in this movie, and extremely bad acting on everyones behalf. the movie is great sleep therapy. the fighting is laughable. the eye shape shift effect on the evil designer drug addict females was decent. the main villain was a joke and his character was poorly developed. the main villain was used to explain the story through interrogation, he would just throw random plots in such as (spoiler) "ctx (his designer drug)is going to be in the water supply" which is never addressed in the conclusion or even mentioned again in the movie. this movie is highly recommended to pass.

i tried restarting the movie twice. i put it in three machines to see what was wrong. did steven seagal's voice change? did he die during filming and the studio have to dub the sound with someone who doesn't even resemble him? or was the sound on the dvd destroyed? after about 10 minutes, you finally hear the actor's real voice. though throughout most of the film, it sounds like the audio was recorded in a bathroom.i would be ashamed to donate a copy of this movie to goodwill, if i owned a copy. i rented it, but i will never do that again. i will check this database before renting any more of his movies, all of which were (more or less) good movies. you usually knew what you were getting when you watched a steven seagal movie. i guess that is no more.

the dvd was a joke, the audio for the first few minutes was terrible with sound out of sync and segals voice not even his!!!! pathetic! when the audio sync was better in about 5 minutes the poor plot, lines and actors should get another job because the movie business is not where any of them should be.while segal had some good movies in the early days the latest ones are a joke and should be a an embarrassment to him and the company that made it.if segal was the one that handled this he better return to having another party run the show, because he has no talent what so ever in this.this film is a complete embarrassment to all involved in its production and a disgrace to all who viewed it. i turned it off in about 20 minutes.i will be asking for my money back at block buster! mark from ontario, canada

drss1942 really took the words right out of my mouth. i loved segal's early films and feel like the only one who is still faithful to him. i just saw this movie (ok, fell asleep about 90% through, so i didn't see the end). when i woke up and saw i was at the dvd menu, i was thankful i didn't subject myself to any more of that movie and didn't dare find out what happened at the end. there was something strange about the voice of segal and others. kinda reminded me of the original mad max where the voice were dubbed, but in the same language (australlian is english, right? :) anyway, if i had 10 thumbs, they'd all point down right now for this segal injustice.

i buy or at least watch every seagall movie. he came out with a handful of good movies then descending into poor stories, bad camera work and a walk-thru persona, he nearly lost me. a few movies ago he remembered how to make a decent movie. now he's forgotten again. this film is seriously dark (on any level you care to name). there is a lot of slash & gash going on here with no discernible purpose unless it's meant as a warning against the military.seagall may have had a stand-in for many of his scenes as it was often too dark to tell and someone else's voice was used most of the time. sadly the only interesting character was the bad guy who killed his guard to escape custody & then proceeded to raise havoc all over the place. okay since when do we place an armed guard in the holding room with a prisoner? anyway this bad guy was at least colorful, and very focused. there's lots of gore if you like that king of thing. it looked to me like the bad guys tore the same gash every time. i'm just glad they didn't suck the blood from their hapless victims. i harken you back to my summary. basically it is a horror movie disguised as an action film.dec 6,2006

i have seen this movie at the cinema many years ago, and one thing surprised me so negatively that i could not see any redeeming virtues in the movies: dennis quaid was cast as a policeman that never smiles or grin, while his smile and grin are two of his trademarks. danny glover was cast as the bad guy, but - again - most viewers' imagination could not go far enough as to believe him in that role. also, jared leto was not believable as the former medicine student. the tension was just not there, since the killer was known very early. the finale was, again, neither dramatic nor tense: nobody around me cared about what was going to happen next. all we could wait for was the end of the movie. all in all, a disappointing evening spent at the cinema.

sorry, not good.it starts out interesting, but looses its way a few minutes into the movie.it does not help a lot that none of the normally great actors (quaid, glover, ermey, leto etc.) delivers a really good performance. it might be owed to the fact that i saw a dubbed version (german), but dennis quaid's character was especially wooden and annoying, and danny glover does not really make for a believable villain. moreover, jared leto's character does not really contribute to the story whatsoever (except saving one main character's life at one point, but that scene is as necessary as a windshield wiper on a submarine in the first place ;-)speaking of unnecessary scenes - the main complaint is really the tangled and cliché-ridden storyline: the detective (of course!) has to settle a personal matter with the villain and is (of course!) suspended from his official duties courtesy of his personal entanglement. the killer (of course!) *wants* to be tracked down and plays a cat-and-mouse game with his opponent for years ... i don't know how many movies build on a similar plot - most of them better, however.the plot has got holes galore and many completely unbelievable and unnecessary scenes that do not contribute to or work well with the storyline at all (e.g. the truck stop scene or the car at the cliff's edge etc.)to top it off, the ending tries to be original and exciting, but fails completely in these regards. we've seen *much* better finales with a similar kind of ultimate-battle-on-a-train-in-a-forlorn-winter-landscape setup ... in the end there is the supposedly moving reunion of parent and child ... hokey, at the least.

for me, this movie just seemed to fall on its face. the main problem for me was the casting of glover as a serial killer. i don't know whether this grows out of type-casting or simply his demeanor, but i doubt glover could ever portray a convincing villain. he's a good guy, and that's always obvious in his performances. other than that the film is your run of the mill serial killer story. nothing very innovative .

unless you are an evangelical christian then make like an egyptian and avoid like the biblical plague.awful - why oh why does imdb list the most favourable reviews at the top of the list - it was due to one of these that i have just wasted the end of what started out as good evening on this claptrap.the plot premise started out strong enough - i was drawn into the film and was interested right up to the point where the bible sermons took over. what a waste.this film has so incensed me that i have registered with imdb for the first time just to complain about it - i hope at least that by doing so i save someone else's evening.hay - what a christian act on my part ;-)

germans think smirking is funny (just like americans think mumbling is sexy and that women with english accents are acting). i had to cross my eyes whenever the screen was filled yet again with a giant close-up of a smirking face. one of those 'housewife hacks corporate mainframe' tales where she defrauds a bank by tapping a few random keys on her home pc which is connected only to a power socket. the director obviously loves the rather large leading lady. can't say i share his feelings. there's quite a funny bit when the entire family sit in front of the television chanting tonelessly along with the adverts. apparently this review needs to be one line longer so here it is.

not sure why this movie seems to have gotten such rave reviews.while watching "bang" one night on tv, i found myself bored by the nonsensical, random plot which was occurring on screen. the entire movie seems to be nothing more than an exercise in meaningless, artsy-fartsy self-indulgence on the part of the filmmaker. the fact that the director/writer goes by a one name moniker only reinforces this sense of pretentiousness. those interested in indie flicks would be better off looking for something better written and dare i say, more entertaining than this complete waste of time.

this movie was made for people who found gremlins too serious and critters to hardcore. like many of the critters/trolls/gremlins movies of the 80's this movie is bad. the sad part is that there's no punchline to that comment. it's just bad and not in a funny way.the problem with this miniature monster movie is that it actually tries to be funny and ends up being as successful in doing that as howie mandell was in walk like a man. what made the other 80's horror movies into classics was that they were genuinely trying to be scary, but were hilarious because they failed so miserably. someone must have told bettina hirsch (yes the bettina hirsch)she had a knack for comedy before she started directing this movie. unfortunately they were wrong.sure seeing a weird little mutated cross between a ferret and a tumor wearing a brown trenchcoat and throwing pool balls at an outcast from the lost boys is amusing, but not enough to save the movie.by far the most annoying part of the movie is the paul character. his paul reiser wannabe schtick is enough to make you start fast forwarding from the time of his first scene until the ending credits only stopping once to see a scene where a munchie throws pool balls at a guy...not that i did that.so the bottom line is run, don't walk, to your nearest blockbuster and shake hands with the manager and thank him for not having the grapes to stock this pile of garbage on the shelves.

after 30 seconds, you already realize that there was no real budget for this cheap knock-off. the story is taken from great movies like "texas chainsaw massacre" and "hills have eyes". i like those kind of movies, even if they're duplicated well (wrong turn, timber falls, carver). but "side sho" is hard to watch: the actors are really bad, the dialogue is cheesy and the music is stupid and totally misplaced. you do not care at all what happens to the characters. the so-called bad guys are also not interesting at all and rather stereotypical. so how about the blood and gore ? well there is some, although it is rather cheap and the action is executed very poorly. 2 points, just for the gore and blood but do understand that this is hardly worth a look, even for the gore-hounds..

a family looking for some old roadside attractions to include in the father's coffee-table book come across an ancient, decrepit old freak show run by an eccentric one-eyed man. when their family van breaks down upon leaving the sideshow, they're forced to stay at a nearly abandoned fishing camp that was the site of a prison break decades prior.there have been many films in the 'freak' subgenre of horror, ranging from tod browning's beloved 'freaks' (1932) to alex winter's hilarious 'freaked' (1993). those are both classics (or soon-to-be with 'freaked'). 'side sho,' however, never will be. and if it ever does reach classic status. . . well, it will be an obvious clue to the sad state of our genre. from the ridiculously bad opening song to the 17-year-old daughter that's obviously older than her natural mother, this film did not have much going for it. the writing was subpar, but not completely awful. . . just boring. the direction was poor, and the rare freak effects were pretty horrendous and unbelievable. the acting was abysmal and the casting was even worse. anyone who would believe the ages of these two camp-age teenagers must not have met a teenager in a long, long time. there was far from enough gore & violence to make up for the lack of any other quality. . . and when there was a bit of violence, it was not well done at all. and, i can't forget to mention the ending fight scenes which were, with all honesty, some of the worst i've ever, ever seen in a film. overall, this is an easily forgettable and poorly made horror film that deserves to be left alone at the bottom of the dollar bin.final verdict: 2.5/10.

from the decrepit ranks of the already over-saturated 'hillybilly horror' sub-genre comes this woeful tale of a vacationing family terrorized by inbred rednecks. sound familiar? well it most definitely should to anyone with even a cursory knowledge of the horror genre. there is absolutely new here. the film seems content to recycle all thee old worn out clichés (deformed hicks, a peaceful family turned gun-toting killers when push comes to show, the rebellious daughter, the one 'freak' who's good at heart, etcetera...), but does even that half-heartedly enough to make this an utter waste of time. this is forgettable dreck, but humorously enough lead j.d. hart once starred in a movie called "films that suck" earlier in his career, quite an ironic omen indeed.my grade: d-

for daniel auteuil, `queen margot' was much better. for nastassja kinski, `paris, texas' was much better. the biggest disappointments were from chris menges (`crisscross' and `a world apart' cannot even be compared with this one), and goran bregovic for use of a version of the same musical theme from `queen margot' for this movie (attention to the end of the film). if this was an american pop movie, i would not feel surprised at all; but for a european film with more independent actors and director, a similar common approach about child abuse with no original insight is very simple-minded and disappointing. there are those bad guys who kidnap and sell the underage people. there are those poor children who hate people selling them and wait to be saved by someone. and finally, there is that big hero who kills all the bad guys and saves these poor children from bad guys. every character is shown in simple black and white terms: the good versus the evil. plus, from the very beginning, i could understand how the story would end. is this the end of the history of child sexual abuse? i believe that the difficult issue of child molestation and paedophilia is much more complex than how it is portrayed in this not very original movie. i think this movie was not disturbing, but very disappointing.

in the lost son, a private eye searching for a missing man stumbles upon a child prostitution ring. this film incorporates all of the worst stereotypes you could imagine in a worst-case scenario that exists only in the minds of hollywood, the press and ag john asscrap. if you get a chance to see this, you'd be better off getting lost yourself.

did anyone read the script. this has to be some of the worst writing and directing of the entire year. three great actors, paul giamatti, rachel weisz and miranda richardson couldn't pull this one out. about two-thirds it looked like giamatti eyes were saying, i can't believe i signed the contract. it's not the worst movie i ever saw, but it's on the really really bad christmas movie list. not enough lines, but what else can be said? okay, the movie just doesn't move with vaughn's con-man dialogue, his character is just a creepy guy that you just can't get past. it was just a lackluster walk through, that no one seemed to be able to get into.

i went into this movie expecting it to be really god-awful. and it was. i really felt sorry for the star-studded cast- kathy bates was a wonderful actress... before she made this movie- vince vaughn and paul giamatti were disappointing as usual but miranda richardson couldn't put in one of the fabulous performances i know and love her for. fred's dad, played by trevor peacock (of vicar of dibley fame, amongst others), had about one line.the plot was predictable and all over the place, and the humour was... lacking. (however, there was one part of the movie where santa enters the house of a jewish family... that made me laugh just because their expressions were classic) don't see this movie unless your only other alternative is having a head-on collision with a train (actually- maybe the train would be better...)

the most ridiculous thing about this ridiculous movie is its conceit that if one becomes a saint, he or she and his or her family and his or her significant other live forever. let's forget that in order to become a saint, the saint must be dead, and saints don't have significant others. that, for a millennium, nick has been the jolly elf to fred's scrooge is never even hinted at! open on nick learning how to make toys, then on fred learning how to run numbers; nick giving a sick child a dolly, fred repossessing the dolly, along with the family farm! after a few more such episodes, morph to present-day fred venting his spleen at siblings anonymous as his fellow losers nod in empathy. there, i just wrote a more cohesive storyline than this idiocy!this santa, who is one "ho, ho, ho, ho, ho" away from a massive coronary, is a neurotic wuss saddled with the queen of the harpies, an operation straight out of mega-mall hell, and answers to a board (huh?) which just gave the easter bunny his pink egg. oh, and his right-hand man is a ditzy blonde in a skin-tight mini-dress and go-go boots. ho... ho... ho... ho... ho!but what really sent me over the edge was slam being named #1 on the naughty list. shouldn't a naughty list be reserved for the future hitlers and stalins? children who are the true embodiments of evil? nope, to old sausage-fingers, a good boy who lashes out because he is unwanted and unloved is the demon seed!the nimrods behind fred claus should be boiled in their own pudding! bah!

it's always tough having a sibling doing better in their life than you, always a struggle to get out from under that shadow and not let bitterness keep you away from your family. so, imagine that your older brother is santa and then imagine how tough that must be. that's the premise here.vince vaughn plays the titular fred, an embittered loser who spends a lot of his energy making sure that people don't go around expecting good things to happen to them or giving his brother, santa (played by paul giamatti), too much praise for simply being the limelight-hogging, fame-hungry, slightly creepy guy that fred would want to portray him as. then, wouldn't you know it, fred needs a financial favour and so has to make up for it by helping his brother on the run up to christmas. and hilarity and life lessons ensue.well, that's what should happen. the reality is that we get a christmas movie featuring a few good moments of vaughn's patented fast-talking, a ridiculously out-of-nowhere music video moment, kevin spacey playing an auditor out to close down santa's operation (and he's one of the weakest baddies i have seen in some time), not enough of the gorgeous elizabeth banks in a lush christmas outfit, too much of john michael higgins in his elf outfit (to be fair, he's a highlight though) and a movie that's too swimming in bitterness to feel like good seasonal fare yet too schmaltzy in it's latter half to feel like a fun poke at all the bad things about the commercialism of the time.rachel weisz is along for the ride too, as is kathy bates, but it's really nothing more than a movie for vaughn and if you like his style you will find something to enjoy here. unfortunately, there's very little else to recommend this seasonal stinker. outside of vaughn's rantings the script barely throws up anything decent with the exception of one particularly good scene involving a hilarious support group dealing with a very specific problem.david dobkin's direction is as mediocre and staid as the 20p christmas card that you send the auntie you haven't seen in 10 years and he seems to think that simply putting the ingredients together without a good mix or decent care taken will guarantee a delicious christmas pudding. nope, we get a burnt, bland lump with too much sugar on top. forget this and stick the hilarious elf on again if you want a great, modern christmas comedy.see this if you like: the santa clause 2, santa baby, the santa clause 3: the escape clause.

my take: a tired formula christmas comedy. the laughs are tired and the talents behind it seem to be too.i love the holidays as much as the next guy (even if i often have a bad case of the holiday blues), but it seems it's just being a dumping ground for a bunch of holiday comedies that would be bad movies on any day of the year, but that doesn't make them any less painful during the season. as if we already had enough santa clause movies (three and *gulp* still counting), who wants to see a movie about his brother? in a plot that would be at home with disney's santa clause franchise (save the occasionally crude humor and santa's "little" helper wearing a short skirt), fred claus is a one-joke premise that goes on for 116 minutes. sure, jolly ol' saint nick has a brother, but where does it go from there? it's a shame really. fred claus is blessed with a cast that could have made it an enjoyable christmastime comedy that will probably melt away along with the snow, but it would have been so much better than this. vince vaughn is your typical snob, but we are led to believe he's really the long lost brother of the never-aging santa (paul giamatti), who invites his good ol' brother to visit. mrs. claus (miranda richardson) is reluctant, and worse, an efficiency expert (kevin spacey) has come to keep a watchful eye on father christmas, and his this close to being shut down. hah! and guess who plays santa's mother! kathy bates of course. elizabeth banks is santa's helper charlene, john michael higgins is one of the elves, and rachel wiesz plays fred's girlfriend! si don't know if i'd praise the casting or to bash it. here we have some familiar faces to add a touch of quality, but they're given way too little to work with.as for humor, the best that fred claus could possibly come up with is santa's brother being his exact opposite and some joke about a dj elf. i have to admit i had a few giggles involving fred attending a group counseling for celebrity brothers (where he is joined by stephen baldwin, roger clinton and frank stallone), but the giggles begin and end there. worse still, the movie even succumbs into sentimentality that's supposed to make us "feel good" and teach us a lesson about "what christmas really means". apparently, what christmas means to hollywood is getting as much of our leftover christmas shopping money as they can.rating: ** out of 5.

"fred claus" somehow avoids becoming this year's "the santa clause" by at least having a bit more amusing moments than that tim allen starrer, but it doesn't mean that it's got enough going for it that's worth a trip to the theater.as holiday movies go, it's contrived and sentimental. but actually, that could be the least of one's concern as "fred claus," boasting of having david dobkin ("shanghai knights," "the wedding crashers") at the helm, contains virtually nary a genuinely funny moment as it clumsily treads the line between a boorish vince vaughn vehicle and a fuzzy christmas film. in the end, it amounts to not much of both. and with a cast that comprises of paul giamatti, kevin spacey, rachel weisz, and kathy bates, all the more it leaves one disappointed.vaughn plays fred, nick's (giamatti) older and estranged brother, who once upon a time, left him and their parents (bates and trevor peacock) after having had enough of enduring his parents' favoritism of his younger sibling. nick grows up to be santa claus (and as the voice-over tells us, time freezes on you and your family when you become a saint), while fred becomes a yuletide-jaded repo man in chicago who's having a hard time remembering his girlfriend wanda's (weisz) birthday.he runs in trouble with the law and had to call his younger brother (who eerily looks at least a decade older than him) to bail him out of jail. nick agrees but only if fred agrees to help out on the toy-wrapping business up in the north pole. fred reluctantly agrees but his cynicism clashes with santa and the elves' perpetually cheery nature, even as an efficiency expert (spacey) is checking on the toy factory operations, only too happy to have the whole arctic operations shut down if things fail.the film, as said, does have its moments, but the padded running length stretches them thin across its duration. in between are piles of christmas film clichés that were handled better in, say, "elf" and the attempts at sentimentality are as endearing as last year's fruitcake.vaugn, as usual, brings on his coarse charm to the table, but the neutered script of dan fogelman keeps him from really doing his thing. giamatti, underneath the bad fat suit, brings a jolly old charm to his iconic character, but unfortunately, has to play second fiddle to fred. spacey brings his game face, but his turns usually end as unfunnily vapid.ultimately, "fred claus" becomes a forgettable film that falls below what those involved in it deserve. sure, there are worse ways to start the season at the cinema, but there are certainly far better ways.

well, i have to say, this movie was so bad that i would have walked out if i didn't have to review it for work. and the worst part is, i wanted to see it so badly that i drove all over the city, paid $10 parking two times because the newspaper listings were wrong. vince vaughn plays the guy he always does -- the only time i've seen him play someone else was in that movie with john travolta. anyways, the plot has potential -- it sounded great in the preview, but it is filled with totally ridiculous, predictable, weak plot turn points. and i was hoping that this would be one christmas movie where christmas didn"t have to be saved, and that santa didn't need a replacdmetn, but nope. the only cool part was the sleigh rides, and the little bladck kid was the best character. i'm sure this movie would be great for young kids, but for adults it's so lame that it's chore to sit through.

the movie opens upon julian sands, lying on his back, a black kitten drooling blood into his awaiting mouth from where he holds it, about two feet above him. that was so provocative, and i thought, "here we go! a good vampire movie!" and then it died. that was literally the only scene which captured any part of the imagination. it was slow, uneventful drivel thereafter. i was vastly disappointed, as my previous experience with sands' acting was quite enjoyable. however, this attempt was obviously misdirected and the screenplay left a lot to be desired.even julian sands's questionable performance could not begin to save this already sunken barge of a movie.it rates a 1.1/10 from...the fiend :.

i love julian sands and will at least attempt to watch anything he's in, but this movie nearly did me in. i'm hard pressed to remember when i found any other movie to move....so......slow.........ly.....zzzzzzzzzzzzpop it in the vcr when you've run out of sleeping pills.

the opening scenes move as fluidly as frozen velveeta. the attempt at dramatic dialogue only makes me wish i had better control of the fast forward control. vampires are usually portrayed as sexy and intelligent or mangy disgusting creatures. this vampire tries to seduce his prey by imitating a lost puppy. i usually tally a body count, so there was a cat (which doesn't count) a bum, a girl who fell out of the sky with a sword in her (whatever that was about) and then the plot. foley artists are respected for using celery to create the sound of a broken arm, but using the sound of biting into an apple for a vampire biting a victim is just plain silly. i liked warlock, but this movie just stunk so bad that we turned it off, and it was so forgettable we rented it a year later only to turn it off again.

(note: i thought i'd be the only one writing what i did below, but i see the others here agree. i guess it was pretty obvious - this was overdoing the bait-the-cat bit. anyway, here is what i had written:)the owners have left on vacation for two weeks - a trip to california - leaving the cat (sylvester) all alone and locked in the house. that means no milk, but the cat, to his relief, does find a bunch of canned tuna. however, to his dismay, he can't find the opener.it turns out the little mouse in the house has it...and baits the cat with it. this is a mean rodent who keeps teasing sylvester with the opener and then yanking it away at the last second. sylvester tries everything possible to open the can of tuna but can't do it. this is a frustrating story, and why they make the sadistic mouse the "good guy" is beyond me. it's like some of the tom & jerry cartoons where poor tom always gets the worst of it even though many times the little mouse starts the conflict!

this movie was a horrible excuse for...a movie. first of all, the casting could have been better; katelyn the main character looked nothing like her tv mom. also, the plot was pathedic. it was extremely cliché and predictable. the ending was very disappointing and cheesy. (but thats all i'll say about that). the nail in the bag though, was a scene when katelyn (jordan hinson) was supposed to be crying, but the girl couldn't cry on command! there were no tears streaming down her face, just a few unbelievable sobs. she is not a dynamic actress at all. she gave the same fake little laugh identical to that of hillary duff on lizzie maguire (sp?). thats when the movie went from not-so-good, to just plain bad. it really looked like she was acting. in a nutshell: this movie was really bad! it was kind of a mix of every cliché kid movie from the 1990's that everyone's sick of--only worse!i give it an 'f', because it was just so darn hard to sit through (b/t/w, i was babysitting when i saw it). however, you may like it if your 9 or under. ;)

i personally hated this movie because it was predictable, the characters were stereotypical ,and the whole idea was a rip off of "the cutting edge", and "cadet kelly". the main character is a snotty girl who gets shipped of to a place where she doesn't belong. the whole place hates her, and to make things worse there is a hot guy that seemingly doesn't like her ( well duh the whole damn school can't stand you). amazingly she finds a way to fit in and make everyone to like her plus, gets the guy to fall head over heels in love with her. then comes the choice, where she must choose between figure skating and hockey. she chooses hockey then she goes to the figure skating nationals,and gets to be on the olympic team. no real surprise there.this whole movie was so damn predictable you knew what was going to happen before you even saw it. this was so awful i nearly puked, and by the time i was finished watching it, i had an awful headache and the urge to shoot myself for watching such crap. don't watch this unless you are under ten, or actually like crappy tween movies.

this movie was probably the biggest waste of my life ever. the acting was pathetic. jordan hinson could not show any upset emotions. at the beginning of the movie, she was supposed to be discouraged. instead, she bobbed her head with her bottom lip stuck out. she sobbed pitifully without any tears for the crying scene. i was almost angry that out of all girls who wanted to be actresses, they had to pluck out her. everyone else was suffering from over-acting as well. it was flat out annoying. it was also an insult to figure skaters. jordan took a month to train, and they cast her as a person who makes the olympic team. it's practically spitting on the effort real figure skaters put into their work. a pitiful excuse for a movie, and a pitiful attempt to associate hockey and skating. don't waste your life. it doesn't even deserve one star.

okay, when i came on the board for this movie, i was really expecting people to be making fun of it. i was surprised to see that people over the age of 7 liked it. i enjoyed the movie... but only b/c me and my little sister (who is, in fact only 10) made fun of the whole thing.i am sorry jordan, but that acting was awful. you know a movie is headed for the toilet when the lead cannot act. and it didn't even have a good script or plot to redeem it. i also thought that the character of pamela was very very lame... border-lining pathetic.even with that being said, i thought there were a few good actors, such as gorgeous spencer, hollywood, and ronnie. still, not enough to redeem the movie.two things about this movie that i just can't get over:1.) that that spencer guy would fall for her. okay, eww. i looked up the dates and while in reality, he is only about four years older than her, the difference in "go figure" seemed much larger. jordan is a very pretty girl, but in gf, she seemed like 10 or 12... she seemed like a little kid! jake abel (spencer) seemed like a college student.2.) that there is any way that kristi yamaguchi would come just to skate for one girl. i mean, i know that katelin is good and everything, but it still just seemed kinda unlikely that kristi would go to a boarding school that didn't even have scholarships for skating, or that a school would have employed a skating coach with such connections.that all being said... it wasn't the worst movie ever known, but it wasn't very good even by dcom standards, which i consider quite low.

i give this movie a one, for it is truly an awful movie. sound track of the dvd is so bad, it actually hurts my ear. but the vision, no matter how disjointed, does show something really fancy in the italian society. i will not go into detail what actually was so shocking , but the various incidents are absolutely abnormal. so for the kink value, i give it one.otherwise, the video, photography, acting of the adults actors /actresses are simply substandard, a practical jock to people who love foreign movies.roberto, the main character, has full spectrum of emotions but exaggerated to the point of being unbelievable.however, the children in the movie are mostly 3/4 years old, and they are genuine and the movie provides glimpse of the italian life..

i was so disappointed by this show. after hearing and reading all the hoopla about it, how it was a "ground breaking show" and all sorts of wild promises if quality, i tried to watch it.what a letdown!! the acting was way forced and exaggerated. the story made very little sense. as for any hint of the vaunted "look into teenagers' lives", i could only see a paltry attempt that had as much reality to it as a reality show.some are wondering why there are so many negative comments about this show. the reason is that it's really not all that good and beating the drums over quality on this show only serves to attract attention to how poorly made it is.

last week, i took a look at the weekly nielsen ratings, and there was veronica mars, supposedly "the best show you're not watching".well, they're right that you're not watching it. it aired twice and was ranked 147 and 145 out of 147.translation: this is the lowest-rated show on any nationally broadcast network... and deservedly so. i tried to watch it a couple of times because of all the press coverage hyping it as a "great" show, a "realistic look" at life and all such nonsense. the reality was otherwise. veronica mars is a bore. it's as unrealistic as it gets, and it richly deserves to be canceled.the only mystery is why cw felt compelled to put on its inaugural schedule the lowest-rated show in memory, after two years of continued commercial and artistic failure.

the biggest mystery of veronica mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen.rather, the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air. this week marked a nadir for veronica mars: it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 (soon to be big 5). yes, you read right. veronica mars was beaten by every show of the now-defunct wb and every show on upn. it was beat by all the shows on fox and of course by all the shows on abc, cbs and nbc.now, the hip hypesters are going to say: but this was a re-run. but everything on tv that week was pretty much a re-run! it boggles the mind why cw would choose this proved ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from upn.clearly something is going on behind the scenes. favors are being exchanged and influence peddled.sorry to be so cynical, but what other explanation is there? the "veronica mars has potential" line is clearly dead now that it's had two years to establish itself and failed to do so.maybe it's joel silver's influence and clout, but frankly, i am at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience is watching.a great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for cw.

i'm amazed how many comments on this show are about how "real" it is. maybe i'm not part of the same universe because if veronica mars is anything, it's over the top in a big way.the acting is chewing the scenery with enthusiasm and the plots have holes you could drive a truck through. that's not what i call real.it is so earnest in its desire to be "relevant" that it only shows how cut-off from reality rob thomas and his staff are.overall, i found it to be at best a snooze-fest and at worst more than a little annoying. kristen bell looks like she could be a good actress, but it's hard to tell with the over-the-top style of the whole show.

it is a frank zappa axiom that "music journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read." if you ever needed proof that musicians can't talk, this is the film for you. repeated attempts at profundity stumble over themselves to end up in monosyllabic comments delivered in awestruck voices: "wow." (thank you, idris muhammed.) this film is pretentious but, while much of the pontificating from youssou n'dour and his gang of merry men (and one token woman) grates, the music saves the day.the main idea behind the film (what i take to be the main idea, dredged out of the inarticulate commentary) is interesting. to gather a group of musicians from america and europe and take them on a journey through the different styles of music that grew up in and out of slavery, back to their roots in the music of west africa, and a concert in the old slave fort of gorée off the coast of senegal. we are treated to gospel, blues, jazz and variations of these, including some fantastic drumming both in new orleans and senegal. there's also a good deal of n'dour's own compositions.sadly, that's another weakness. it's never entirely clear what n'dour himself wants to achieve. to some degree, the film appears to be an exercise in self-promotion on n'dour's part. he wants to play his own music, jazzed up to some degree and performed in the company of a bunch of musicians he admires. he's clearly a little embarrassed by this and early in the film obtains the blessings of the curator of the gorée museum.the clash between the different agendas shows through in several other places. for example, somebody obviously felt that it was not possible to tell the story of black music without involving a gospel choir, but n'dour and most of his mates are moslems (a point made repeatedly throughout the film). the whole early sequence involving the black christians is uncomfortable and then they disappear from the story until the close harmony group (the only black christians who can hold a tone?) turn up in dakar at the end of the film. (to be fair, they turn up triumphantly and perform the best piece in the film.) if the story of black music needs to nod in the direction of gospel, why not also in the direction of latin america? where are the black musical influences from the caribbean and brazil? samba? reggae? then there's europe. here the black diaspora doesn't seem to have produced any musicians of calibre, since n'dour chooses to draft in austrian guitarist and a trumpet player from luxemburg. are they in the team just because n'dour has played with him before? what i personally found most irritating, though, was the long sequence which tried to recreate a kind of 60s beatnik/black power/nation of islam cultural happening in the new york home of amir baraka (a.k.a. leroi jones). hearing people talk about the importance of "knowing your history", and then in the next breath perpetuating ignorance. why do so many african-americans believe that taking an arabic name is an assertion of their african roots? and why do they think arabic islam is so much more admirable than european christianity? who do they think established the trade in african slaves in the first place? the film doesn't have much to say about the situation in west africa today beyond the platitude that "present conditions" are a consequence of all the brightest and best having been shipped away for 300 years. the senegalese appear to be a poor but happy, musical gifted folk, friendly and welcoming, respectful of their elders (and not above fleecing the visiting americans in the fish market). is this ethnic stereotyping or just my imagination? there is no comment on the armed guard that n'dour and the camera crew seem to need in the opening sequence as they walk through the streets of dakar.there is also a strong implication in the film that the slaves who were taken from dakar came from dakar. the similarity between the folk drumming style of new orleans and the folk drumming style of senegal is cited in evidence. the last thing the slaves heard before they were shipped away was the drumming of their homeland, bidding them farewell. except, of course, that by and large, the slaves shipped from dakar did not come from dakar. they were captured or traded from the interior by the coastal senegalese and sold to merchants of whichever european power currently held the gorée slave fort. the people of dakar are not the descendents of africans who escaped the slave trade, they are just as likely – more likely – to be descendents of the people who sold their black brethren into slavery and exile.the two agenda's clash again in the final part of the film. there are two separate endings. on the one hand, the concert which n'dour and co have been rehearsing and preparing along the way and which they deliver in the courtyard of the gorée slave fort. the other end comes when the harmony harmoneers sing the spiritual "return to glory", in the seaward doorway of the slave fort. this is deeply moving, even if it is hard to believe the performance is quite as spontaneous as it appears.this is a film that is flawed. unclear of the story it is trying to tell and tugged in different directions. irritating, confusing, beautiful and emotional by turns. watch it (listen to it) for the music and the feeling, but don't expect enlightenment or intellectual rigour.

oh, man! this thing scared the heck out of me when i first watched it... and i was sixteen!!!that creepy animated barbie is scary as hell! i want to stop talking about her now.

i loved "the curse of frankenstein" so much that i rushed out to get "frankenstein must be destroyed" to see cushing at it again...even if it was without chistopher lee this time. to my great disappointment, this movie not only does without lee, but it does without frankenstein's monster altogether! was it a case of "if we can't get lee, we won't have a monster at all"? why would they do that? the monster is half the fun of the whole thing!! this film is dedicated solely to the study of baron frankenstein and his quest to finish experiments he had begun in brain transplants before ending up in an asylum. i found the script extremely weak, with the need to suspend disbelief forced upon the audience a little too much. i'm willing to suspend a fair amount, but this movie got fairly ridiculous, which took me out of the film rather than immersing me in it.peter cushing, though, is absolutely brilliant playing pure evil in this film. for being one of the most beloved actors and notoriously sweet men, he sure could play menacing and malevolent extremely well. the supporting cast is competent, but has little to do, even the young doctor and his fiancée blackmailed into helping frankenstein. a bumbling police chief is introduced, along with his put-upon sidekick, to generate some comic relief, then they are completely dropped from the movie! why? we are led to believe that the police chief will be the main nemesis of the baron, then we are led to believe it will be the young doctor, and then it ends up being the victim of frankenstein's brain transplant experiment. there was no tension, we weren't invested in the "creature", and the ending was left so ambiguous as to leave one unsatisfied because it is so clear they are setting up another sequel.also, there are virtually no "horror" elements. yes, there is a beheading in the beginning (off-camera), and we are treated to the sounds of cushing cutting the tops of two men's skulls off (again, off camera), and there is the most unsettling and thoroughly unnecessary rape scene (90% of which is, again, off-camera). i understand that there is a love of "letting the audience imagine it all, for their imaginations are far worse than what we can show", but come on, if you're not going to give us a monster, then at least let us see the few "horrific" elements you do choose to include. showing us a skeleton in the lab lit with a green light is just not scary.on top of a weak script, i thought the directing was mostly flat. there were a couple of nice shots, but otherwise no excitement, atmosphere, or suspense was generated. the same director did "curse" back in 1958 and i thought it was brilliantly directed...guess he was as uninspired by this film as i was.the movie gets a 4 out of 10 from me strictly for peter cushing's powerful, nuanced performance...beyond that, i found little in this movie worth recommending. instead, my suggestion is to watch "the curse of frankenstein" and see a truly great hammer horror film.

there are three movies with this animation style that i fondly remember from my youth. this movie, "the last unicorn," "flight of dragons" and "the hobbit." i own copies of both "dragons" and "the hobbit" (both excellent) and i hadn't seen "the last unicorn" in more than a decade. that was until today and now i wish i hadn't. what bothered me the most was the script. it was incredibly choppy and often inane. things would happen for no reason and other things would happen without explanation. we're not just talking about little things here either; we're talking about key plot points! the story itself isn't that great to begin with, but it could have worked had the script been decent. not even close. on top of that the music was awful! i know that music in movies such as these rarely have what one would call classic pieces, but the music in this movie made me want to knock myself unconscious with a bowling ball. this was one of those films that i was going to show to my kids some day, but it just got cut. i don't think i could ever sit through that crap fest again. disappointed is putting it mildly.

sorry. someone has to say it. this really is/was a dull movie. worthy perhaps, but dull nonetheless. i nearly cried with boredom when watching it. the acting is pretty dire, the story drawn out and predictable, the score and camera-work totally standard and unexciting. it's one of those movies you are not allowed to hate (becase it is about disabled people) but hate it i suspect nearly everyone does. it is interesting that critics have been so kind to this movie. i suppose they too are not allowed to be objective. this was made to win awards - which i remember it duly did. but it was neither interesting nor entertaining. i haven't seen the play so cannot compare.

so, this movie has been hailed, glorified, and carried to incredible heights. but in the end what is it really? many of the ways in which it has been made to work for a hearing audience on the screen do not work. the fairly academic camera work keeps the signing obfuscated, and scenes that are in asl are hard to follow as a result even for someone who is relatively fluent. the voice interpretation of matlin's dialogue, under the excuse that hurt's character "likes the sound of his voice", turns her more and more into a weird distant object as the film goes on. matlin does shine in the few scenes where her signing is not partially hidden from view. but nonetheless, most of the movie, when this is a love story, is only showed from a single point of view, that of the man. as ebert said, "if a story is about the battle of two people over the common ground on which they will communicate, it's not fair to make the whole movie on the terms of only one of them."the idea that an oralist teacher who uses methods that have been imposed in many deaf schools for decades would be presented as "revolutionary" is fairly insulting in itself. his character becomes weakened as a credible teacher as the movie goes on. drawing comedy from a deaf accent is, quite honestly, rather low. and his attitude towards the male students of his class is pretty symptomatic of how he seems to act with women: as an entitled man. a party scene involving a number of deaf people including a few academics meeting together leaves him seemingly isolated, in a way that's fairly inconsistent with his credentials: i have seen interpreters spontaneously switch to asl between each other even when they weren't aware of a deaf person being in the area, and yet somehow he feels like a fish out of the water in an environment his education should have made him perfectly used to. as a lover, he seems like a typical dogged nice guy, including his tendency to act possessively afterwards. and yet the movie is, indeed, only really seen through him, as everything his lover says is filtered through his voice. the scenes involving the other deaf kids are, in general, wallbangers. the broken symbolism fails, the dance scene, the pool scene, even the initial sleep scene which is supposed to carry some of it - all these scenes that try to hint at the isolation of the deaf main character are broken metaphors, at best: many hearing people i know do dance on the bass beats that deaf people feel (instead of squirming like copulating chihuahuas), and going to take an evening dive for a hearing person is rarely an excuse to make a deep statement on the isolation of deafness (no, seriously, when i go swim, i go swim)...it also fails at carrying the end of the play, instead making it a story of a deaf woman who submits to a strong man. even though the original play ended with a more equal ground, where both have to accept each other as they are, and where he has to finally recognize her real voice is the movement of her hands, not the vibrations in her throat.and for all the breakthrough that it may have seemed to be, marlee matlin remains hollywood's token deaf woman to this day.

when i rented this movie, i had very low expectations......but when i saw it, i realized that the movie was less (a lot less) than what i expected. the actors were bad (the doctor's wife was one of the worst), the story was so stupid...it could work for a disney movie (except for the murders), but this one is not a comedy, it is a laughable masterpiece of stupidity. the title is well chosen except for one thing: they could add stupid movie after dead husbands! i give it 0 and a half out of 5.

dead husbands is a somewhat silly comedy about a bunch of wives conspiring to bump off each others husbands`. it`s by no means embarrassingly bad like some comedies i could mention but it never fufils its potential . imagine how good this could have been if we had the farrelly brothers directing ben stiller in the role of carter elson .oh is carter based on jerry springer ? just curious because the catch phrase on dr elson`s show is " look after each other and keep talking "

you can be fooled by your first impressions. as in, initial reactions to a movie, for example. as in, the first time i saw this movie i was bedazzled by the idea of it (first of all, i love black comedies). could even - despite being male, myself - empathise with the feisty girls' fervor to see their husbands deceased without delay. was tripped up by my own face-value (and, i do mean "face-value") response to nicolette sheridan and a couple of the other delicious dames in the picture. it just goes to show you that you've gotta step back from a situation sometimes and see that it's bad (and not "bad good," either): the reason i'm giving this movie a "4" rating is because of ms sheridan and her gams (the rest of 'er is pretty good, too); but this movie has all the hallmark tv movie characteristics - which means you'll be disappointed if your a lover of movies made for the big screen. the story contains plot holes you could run a tunnel through - and i'll generally overlook holes in a plot if the overall thing does it for me; and i just experienced an incredible letdown the second time i saw it. i don't think it's a total waste of time, but....

there is only one thing essential to thorough appreciation of the indian runner. unzip your trousers. peek inside. is there evidence of a y chromosome? okay, you'll do.this film has all the male requisites: blood, guns, car chases, fond women, death, multiple tattoos, cigarettes, liquor, violence, pyrotechnics -- what have i left out? -- oh, yeah, blowtorches.as a woman, i seriously hope sean penn regards this as a `when i was a child...' kind of effort. since he both wrote and directed the thing, he's nearly solely responsible. an uneven cast (viggo mortensen as usual demonstrating brilliantly how the job's supposed to be done) tries to save penn. too late. the lines and action are there. even devoted, skilled acting can't change those.i found this movie puerile and silly, as well as predictable. the dialogue staggers along -- sandy dennis has my respect for trying to breathe life into a woodenly maternal monologue without motherly authenticity. then she dies. after a bit, so does the protagonists' father, played by charles bronson. their absence is hardly noticeable.at intervals, the pyrotechnics, etc., noted above appear to liven things up and scare the audience into thinking something significant is occurring.if you're male and under 25, you may adore this film. plan to return to it at 35. think you'll still like it?i don't think so.

penn takes the time to develop his characters, and we almost care about them. however there are some real problems with the story here, we see no real motivation for the evil brother's behavior, and the time line is screwed up. supposedly set in 1963, the music is late 60s/early 70s. the references and dialogue is 70s/80s. the potential for a powerful climax presents itself, and penn allows it to slip away. but even with all these difficulties it is worth the watch, but not great.

thin story concerns two small town brothers and their struggles over family honor. david morse is the responsible, straight-laced cop and 'good' brother; viggo mortensen, the 'bad' boy, is a former soldier and ex-convict. as an actor (particularly in his earliest years), sean penn seems to have modulated his performances under the method. turning first-time writer and director for this arty, obtuse drama, he works his script and characters out through the same methodical process, slowing the pacing down to a crawl (ostensibly so we can catch every nuance and inflection). this approach might be fascinating if there were three-dimensional characters to care about, but photogenic morse and mortensen aren't really convincing as siblings. worse, we expect more from prominently-billed veterans charles bronson and sandy dennis, who hardly get a chance to come through with anything interesting. the picture is balky with turgid sequences, a wobbly narrative and confusing editing (always slanted to point up the artistic excesses). penn's tricks with the camera show off a talented eye, yet they are mostly an irritation. *1/2 from ****

i don't like sean penn's directing very much, and this early work, the indian runner, is no exception. the movie has no core, it's colored with a kind of redneck, anti-authoritarian tweeness that in all honesty taints most of penn's work, his latest work even more so than the earlier. frank miller, robert rodriguez, clint eastwood, sean penn, the whole lot seem to produce such fundamentally banal product, ostensibly in some allegiance to honesty, but ending up being, for the most part, glorified pro wrestling matches, and moralistic, almost as if hallmark cards had developed a line of hell's angels greetings, and make me long for the days of deliverance, which is a fine movie. viggo mortensen's acting is much, much more believable here than that ridiculous eastern promises thing he did with cronenberg, and that's about it. the movie is dead meaningless, and seems to be an exercise, a series of techniques, more than a story. kudos for charles bronson, however, who proves he can act. and i wanted more of sandy dennis' character. a lousy 3 out of 10 for this the indian runner crap.

there is something in most of us, especially guys, that admires some really working class small town "real men" populist fare. and sean penn serves it up for us with a cherry on top. hey, a lot of people use penn as a political whipping boy, but i don't rate movies or actor/directors based on politics or personality. that is what right wing commentators like excretable faux movie reviewer debbie schlussel does. while acknowledging he is one of our best actors and a good director, i think this picture was a simplistic piece of aimless dreck that he has atoned for since. okay, you have the gist of this there is this good cop, a small town trooper, joe, played against type by david morse, who in the opening scene chases some guy on a country farm road in big sixties cars. the bad guy stops, gets out, shoots at him so joe has to blast him dead. there was no explanation what drove this man to do such a desperate violent thing and the dead man's parents do some redneck freak out at the police station while joe feels real sad and guilty that he had to kill someone. so we know that joe, the farmer forced off his land into a cop job, is a good basic sort of guy. then his brother frank shows up, he is a sadistic, amoral bully, fresh out of the army and nam where the war got his blood lust up. some people here and in other reviews called him just an irresponsible hell raising younger brother and sean was trying to make some point about what our john wayne tough guy culture and war does to otherwise good people but what i saw was an amoral, sadistic bully who enjoys hurting and ripping people off. then there is mom and dad, marsha mason and charles bronson, who do the requisite turn as old fashioned country couple, then die off; she by illness and he by shotgun suicide, to advance the story for us. both times frank the bad guy is away being a miserable sob. but good joe brings him back to podunksville from jail so frank can straighten his life out by welding bridges and living with his utterly stupid screaming trashy pregnant wife. but joe has a nice wife, played by italian actress valeria golina, who is mexican and sean uses this as an exercise in some affirmative action embellishment of goody joe and his real soulfulness underneath his uniform and crew cut. for me, that was an utterly pointless affirmative action subplot that sean uses to burnish his tough guy creds by sucking up to mexicans because mexicans are so tough and cool.but frank is bad and we get the requisite events like stealing friend's car, robbing gas station by beating the clerk over the head then torching the car and all those cool things that hell raisers do. then there are the mandatory 8mm film childhood flashbacks of young joey dutifully moving the lawn and cowboy dressed franky jumping on his back and wrestling him and yadda yadda so we all know what deep bond there is between the two of them.so the film meanders around with a lot of small town schlock to warm the heart of any red stater. accompanying the film was a great soundtrack of good sixties songs like jefferson airplane and janis joplin which were totally inappropriate, except for the 60's era effect, to win the hearts of old hippies. the worst offense is that, since the movie was inspired by a springsteen song, "the highway patrolman", that song was not included. so joe's brain dead wife goes into labor and joe runs off to the bar to get loaded and spout some populists drunken victim's spiel about how tough things are while good joey comes to drag him back to his wife. the bartender is good ole ceasar, played by dennis hopper. so viggo - frank whigs out for no particular reason and beats his pal ceasar to death after good joe the cop leaves.so joe has chase his bad brother down and i was so hoping that he would do the right thing and blow that menace to society away. instead we get a scene where his brother stops ahead of him in some old 50's junker on some lonely road at night, and little franky in his cowboy suit and cap guns gets out of the car to face good joe, the kid from the 8mm flashback home movie sequence. oy, such dreck! then to top off this drecky sap fest, there is some zen crap about the indian runner, who is a messenger, becomes the message, ala marshall macluhen? see what i mean, sean has done much better than this so don't be afraid to miss this one.

the first few minutes of "the bodyguard" do have a campy charm: it opens with crawling text from the bible (the part that samuel jackson recites to his soon-to-be victims in "pulp fiction"), continues with two karate school teachers in new york arguing about the eternal question of mankind (who is better? sonny chiba or bruce lee?), and then chiba appears, playing himself; he immediately stops a plane hijacking and breaks a bottle in two with his bare hand. unfortunately, any entertainment value, intentional or unintentional, soon gets crushed by the disjointed story, the lack of action for long periods of time, and the poor quality of any present action. to keep it simple, here's why "the bodyguard" is an unbearable movie to watch:1) you don't know what's going on. 2) there are barely any fights. 3) the fights that are there, are short and terribly filmed.sonny chiba is cool. judy lee is gorgeous, her face is glorious. it's only for them that i give "the bodyguard" a 2nd star out of 10. this movie makes 87 minutes feel like 5 hours.

the best thing you can say about this movie is that if you are a fan of sonny chiba, this movie gives you lots of him. chiba makes speeches; chiba poses; chiba sneers; chiba glares at the camera; chiba punches and kicks the living sushi out of a whole bunch of bad guys; chiba sits around on couches and chairs and looks thoughtful/pensive; chiba drives his car...i enjoy chiba as an actor and a martial artist...but even for a chiba fan, this movie may have a little too much sonny chiba. it's obviously something of a vanity vehicle for him. and no, i wouldn't put "street fighter" in the same category, because in "sf" he plays a ruthless, amoral anti-hero and he shares the camera with an intriguing cast of friends and foes. here, he's front and center almost all the time, and he tries to be batman, captain america and bruce lee rolled into one. toshiro mifune and chow yun fat couldn't pull this off for the length of an entire feature film, and sonny just kind of wears out his welcome. at least he could have changed out of his suit once in a while.the movie is further messed up by an entirely gratuitous and badly done introductory sequence (apparently tacked on to the front of the film for the american version) and a goofy cheer "("viva!! chiba!! viva!! chiba!!) that starts things on the wrong foot. there is some astoundingly amateurish and inappropriate dubbing - sonny (or his usual english stand-in) apparently couldn't be bothered to do the vocals for the american version, so they got some poor dope with an entirely different and smoother voice and dialect that is quite jarring coming from the face we all know and love from "street fighter". even with all those flaws and the overexposure, this could still be a minor classic, but the camera work and the fight scenes are hopelessly cheesy. i'm willing to believe that karate actually works if someone as amazing as chiba's character is supposed to be does it, but the director and cameraman hedged their bets by chopping and editing fight scenes with a weed whacker so you can't really see what's going on most of the time. it's not all bad: there are some decent shots and compositions, and there's at least one memorable and nightmarish moment when the bad guys appear in the client's bedroom in a genuinely inventive way. and as for the actual plot...forget it. for a "bodyguard", chiba's character is something of an idiot. the screenplay depends on his making mistakes and oversights that repeatedly place him (and his "client") in perilous situations so he can fight his way out of them, and after 30 minutes, it strains even the most credulous judgment to think that this guy is supposed to be any good. (also, if his character was really out to destroy the japanese drug trade, he'd have taken his client by her neck 10 minutes into the screenplay and shaken her until her teeth chattered like a castanet until she spilled her little secrets...and a whole lot of pointless death and conflict would have been avoided.) still, as a whole this movie is a long way from the bottom of the barrel. it's still sonny chiba, and he's still fun to watch. i paid a buck to get this off the bargain dvd rack at a local mega mart, and i feel it was worth watching once.

avoid the usa version. it is with added us footage and the worst dubbing you've ever heard probably done by new york amateurs. the dubbing is so bad that it sounds like mystery science theater 3000. i think a black guy from the bronx does chiba's voice. i couldn't watch the entire film it was that bad. instead of this americanized version watch chiba's other greats like the streetfighter or karate warriors.

i liked chiba in street fighter, and i figured hey, no matter how stupid this movie will be, i'll at least get to see him kick some ass, right? wrong. this is a dull, dreary mess of pointless talking, half-assed scriptwriting and meaningless scheming. there are few action scenes of any kind, even fewer martial arts scenes, and the few that are are shot and edited so poorly that you can't even make out what in the world is going on. the dub is also atrocious, and perhaps the idiocy that is this movie is best illustrated by the fact that it supposedly features the italian mafia... except they're all japanese! avoid like the plague--you would see better martial arts by looking through the window of your local preschool karate class for five minutes.

after watching "the bodyguard" last night, i felt compelled to write a review of it.this could have been a pretty decent movie had it not been for the awful camera-work. it was beyond annoying. the angles were all wrong, it was impossible to see anything, especially during the fight sequences. the closeups were even horrible.the story has sonny chiba hiring himself out as a bodyguard to anyone willing to lead him to the top of a drug ring. he is approached by judy lee, who is never quite straight with chiba. lee's involvement in the drug ring is deeper than chiba thought, as the mob and another gang of thugs are after her.the story was decent, and despite horrible dubbing, this could have been a good movie. given better direction and editing, i'm sure this would have been a classic kung foo movie. as it is, it's more like another cheesy 70's action movie.note: the opening sequence has a quote familiar to "pulp fiction" fans, and then continues to a karate school in times square that is in no way related to the rest of the movie.rating: 4 out of 10

but "cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of disney's princess movies, but for the worst movie the company made during walt's lifetime. the music is genuinely pretty, and the story deserves to be called "classic." what fails in this movie are the characters, particularly the title character, who could only be called "the heroine" in the loosest sense of the term.after a brief prologue, the audience is introduced to cinderella. she is waking up in the morning and singing "a dream is a wish your heart makes." this establishes her as an idealist (and thus deserving of our sympathy). unfortunately, the script gives us no clue as to what she is dreaming about. freedom from her servant role? the respect of her step-family? someone to talk to besides mice and birds? in one song (cut from the movie but presented in the special features section of the latest dvd) cinderella relates her wish that there could be many of her so she could do her work more efficiently. you go girlfriend! in short, cinderella is a very bland character. she passively accepts her step-family's abuse, escaping into her unspoken dreams for relief. she only asserts herself once by reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. for this, she is given permission to go the ball if she completes her housework and finds something to wear, a token gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone except, of course, cinderella. can anyone see belle or jasmine being such a doormat? if cinderella is dull, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless. the prince in cinderella gets no dialog and almost no screen time. we are given no indication if he is a good man, if he respects cinderella or anything. all we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. heck, even the prince from "snow white" got to sing a romantic song at least. not only does this lack of development make the romance less interesting, it makes cinderella look like either a social climber or an idiot, weakening her already tenuous appeal.perhaps realizing how dull the main characters were, the animators chose to give excessive screen time to the movie's comic relief, cinderella's friends, the mice. granted, these characters are amusing. even so, when the comic relief steals the show from the principals, well, let's just say your story has some problems.dinsey loves to proclaim all its animated features as "masterpieces." while many of them are, there are some that do not deserve this appellate in any way. cinderella is a prime example of this fact.

this film is awful. not offensive but extremely predictable. the movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. the father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. the principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. you can connect the dots. his teenage daughter (winona ryder wannabe tara frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. she gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. shocking! seeing that director paul shapiro has mainly worked in tv, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms.

two years before he wrote and directed "arthur", steve gordon had a minor hit with his screenplay for this crackpot comedic vehicle for henry winkler, then tv's "the fonz". a 1950s college thespian (and all-around jerk) woos a co-ed and gets married without any employment prospects on the horizon; to make ends meet, he turns to the flamboyant world of wrestling, eventually becoming a "gorgeous george"-like celebrity. turning likable winkler into an obnoxious goof-off probably sounded like an interesting idea at the time (and a sure way to separate him from his television alter-ego), but the jokes and situations are often wrong-headed and mean, staged rather sloppily by director carl reiner. particularly crude is a wincing bit involving hervé villechaize (of "fantasy island") putting the moves on polly holliday (flo from "alice"). as henry's beloved, kim darby looks a little out of her element--particularly when surrounded by all these tv hams--rendering the romance aspect of the script inconsequential. *1/2 from ****

eddie murphy's "delirious" is completely and totally rude, crude, crass and lude. this is indeed the only way to describe this appalling, trashy piece of stand-up. eddie murphy goes for shock value rather than laughs to try and win his following over. he does manage to be funny occasionally, but mostly loses the plot with obscene language and distasteful sex jokes.forget it! unless you happen to enjoy eddie's foul style. i don't think i will bother with "eddie murphy raw". i much prefer eddie in the confines of a movie script.saturday, january 17, 1998 - video

on the 1998 summer blockbuster hit baseketball (1998): "this is one of those movies that is usually seen on the big jumbo-tron screen in a sports bar during the day - when everyone is quite drunk. unfortunately, i was sober when i saw this movie."so quoted the late gene siskel for this lame-brained, supposed yukfest that came out two weeks after the far superior "there's something about mary" in a one-upmanship game during july of 1998. "mary" was a gross-out fest, but in addition to the many gags, it had a lot of heart, which is why it was the highest grossing comedy of that memorable summer."baseketball" tried to outdo mary, but it fizzled in more ways that one. you take the creators of "south park," trey parker and matt stone, who are fortunately not behind the movie but in front of the camera, the only member of zaz david zucker helming the picture in desperate need of a paycheck, and the other two jim abrahams and jerry zucker clearly stayed out or probably warned him against the picture, a small bit by now 90 years young ernest borgnine, wasting his precious time in his distinguished career, dying on a hotdog and singing "i'm too sexy" as he videotapes his will, jenny mccarthy, who has little screen time as borgnine's not-too-weeping trophy widow young enough to be his granddaughter, a bigger female part by yasmine bleeth as a dedicated social worker whose charges are underprivileged youngsters, and the only interesting and meaningful player in this turkey, robert vaughn as a corrupt archrival, and pointless cameos by "airplane!" alumni kareem abdul jabaar and the late robert stack who seemed nostalgic for the 1980 masterpiece and it's much fresher humor created by the zaz family. what do all these people make up? a desperate cast and crew trying to replicate "airplane!" humor and mixing it up with the crudity of "south park," but failing in every way.to make this long 100-minute movie short, "baseketball," a real game invented by david zucker and his friends in his hometown of milwaukee, is about two lazy losers (parker and stone) and their pint-sized mutual friend who invent baseball and basketball (hence the title) together on the driveway of one's house. after borgnine dies, he bequeaths the ownership of his baseketball team, the milwaukee beers to parker and stone. sure enough, the game goes national, and archrivals vaughn and mccarthy want to take away ownership of the beers team from them. but bleeth is in love with both men, particularly parker, and one poor, sick charge in need of a liver transplant goes ga-ga over them. those are the characters, not strongly developed.now witless gags ensue. blood, electroshock hair, egg-throwing and screaming are among them. parker and stone nearly kill the youngster in the hospital, but he pulls through the liver transplant. borgnine sings and rubs ointment on his chest in the videotaped will. mccarthy, who seemed to get over borgnine's death by choking on a frank right away, quickly massages vaughn in the next scene. cheerleaders dance in skimpy outfits. there is plenty of music on the soundtrack that is played for the hard of hearing. and david zucker forces the parodies of "riverdance" and "titanic." parody forcing is nothing new to zaz, post "airplane!" and "the naked gun" series.and like siskel, i was sober as well, but i was also getting sleepy. this movie should be played over and over to coarse-mannered barroom patrons who enjoy it as they chug down beers, but will they remain alert and awake, or pass out during the unfunny parts? if they pass out, then they won't realize that they are luckily missing stupidity and absurdity. hats off to them!

...and not in a good way. baseketball is a waste of film in all most every single way. it is offensive to all the senses. this doesn't necessarily bother me, i've seen plenty of bad movies, really bad movies before and will see them again. baseketball though is a caliber film where you regret wasting ninety minutes of life sitting through it. the reason baseketball offends me is that it stars trey parker and matt stone in a film they didn't write. any respect i had for david zucker has long since depleted. his recent spoof films are lazy messes that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pubescent boys snickering at penis jokes. "airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, watching baseketball you will be amazed to discover that they were made by the same person.i have so much respect for trey parker and matt stone. these men are the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment today. their pictures and south park episodes are as relevant as they are funny. every joke even the fart jokes have intelligence behind them. it's easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. i imagine baseketball was a major growing experience for them because they hate the film for all the right reasons. it is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. parker and stone have essentially whored themselves out. the film plays like a 90 minute episode of family guy.parker and stone have never been great actors. they've been serviceable in their films. i can't really find a way to describe their performance in baseketball, other than the fact that it feels like they are spoofing a spoof film spoofing a spoof film. every line is delivered in such a silly winking way. it's like they are trying to make fun of the worst of these type of pictures and yet they become them in the same way. i am reminded of the south park episode "how to eat with your butt" where cartman sits in a movie theater watching a gross out comedy with no plot or plausibility except to gross out, parker and stone use the same voices they did in that scene for this entire picture. really it's sad.and yet that is not my problem with baseketball. my biggest gripe with the picture is that i sit there knowing that parker and stone are knowingly following this piece of crap script. i know that if they took the damn thing and rewrote it that this could have been salvaged to the point of being watchable. there isn't any indication that zucker let them improv scenes either. parker and stone are merely tools to a bad director. baseketball has some funny concepts and i think parker especially if he were allowed to take zuckers script could have elaborated on them more. instead we get potty humor. don't rent baseketball you can get the same laughs watching a group of grade schoolers joking around

sophia loren plays aida, in one of the worst films of all time. she can't lipsync. in terms of production values, the film is so bad, that at one point, while loren is mouthing "o patria mia," she leans onto what looks to be a stone wall for support, and the canvas set billows and shakes.

i suppose that today this film has relevance because it was an early sofia loren film. she was 19 years old when the film was made in 1953.i viewed this film because i wanted to see some of sofia loren's early work. i was surprised when she came on camera having had her skin bronzed over in brown makeup to resemble an ethiopian princess. surely, today, this would have been viewed as a slur and to be avoided in movie making. it actually became annoying watching ms. loren in skin color paint throughout the film.yes, this film would have been better made if the real opera singers had made this movie. then, the singing and the actual facial gestures of the real artists would have been apparent. i discount the comments by others about whether the real opera singers are older and heavier in weight.as beautiful as ms. loren was at age 19 and still is today, the film would have been better received as though it were being performed on the stage. after all, we don't see beautiful young people on stage with "old opera singers" back stage singing from behind the curtain! do not discount the success of using heavy-weight opera singers. one only has to refer to the most artistically produced television commercial for the j. g. wentworth company with the opera singers on stage singing so professionally the praises of the company's product. this is one of the best and entertaining tv commercials produced to date.the quality of the movie print also makes this production of a somewhat lesser quality. the color ink has faded much and that can not be helped.to improve this film on dvd the production company should add english language subtitles so that we, who do not speak italian, can know what the lyrics are saying. it would help the story and teach it more than the narrator giving 30 seconds of introduction to the scenes.watch this film not because of the story of aida nor the fact that this is an opera. aside from ms. sofia loren none of her co-actors are known nor remembered by this writer. instead, watch this movie if you are a fan of ms. loren and wish to see her at age 19 -- no matter what the production is.larry from illinois

sorry - this movie is just a cheap tv-production. i saw very much promotion material and expect a professionell movie like "stormriders" - what i was presented was a low-budget-movie like "xena" or "hercules" on tv. no atmosphere, very boring, more then worse fight-scenes. some good ideas - not more. i hope i will get the chance to make a movie like this and then i show how to do such a movie!!!my asian-tips: "musa - the warrior", "stormriders", "shaolin soccer", "battle royal", "versus", etc.sorry for my bad english!

this has to be some of the worst direction i've seen. the close-up can be a very powerful shot, but when every scene consists of nothing but close-ups, it loses all its impact. tony scott has some very beautiful scenery to work with, the backdrops of mexico, the cantinas, the beautiful estate where anthony quinn lives, and the dusty towns costner rolls through on his journey for revenge. unfortunately we only catch quick glimpses of these places before the camera cuts to a picture of a big, giant head. even the transition scenes where costner is driving alone across mexico quickly cut to a close-up. the score is over-dramatic and intrusive, dictating every emotion we should feel. the story itself should have been handled much better. among other things, too many people pop up out of nowhere to help costner along - it's just bad writing. it's a typical thriller storyline, but many others have taken the same premise and done outstanding things with it. costner's no way out had a somewhat similar storyline, but it was a much better movie. the ending was completely anticlimactic and suffered from the most melodramatic scoring of the film. this movie was never going to be great, but if we saw more of mexico and less of giant heads this film might have been watchable.

revenge on us the viewing public perhaps. i sat through this 2 hour movie and i was waiting for the second act to kick in so that the movie lived up to its title. but costner never avenges his lovers fate she dies and the movie ends. i was left wondering where the rest of the movie was. if a movie is called revenge then the hero better get some by the end of the film. i had a choice of seeing this or black rain at the cinema thankfully i saw the other brothers movie at the cinema instead.i caught up with this turkey on video. there was one good thing about the film and was its beautiful theme tune. listen to the cd.dont watch this its awful. 1 out of 10

i just watched this movie and i've gotta say that with such a great premise and great talent this turkey just lays there!!! a friend lent me this movie and i watched with an open mind mainly because he had such high praise for the story. well, the movie started off with kevin costner as a fighter pilot retiring... why? why did they make him a fighter pilot? he was supposedly going to be hired by anthony quinn's character to be his new pilot... well, we never see costner go near a plane for the rest of the movie! costner runs into a texan (james gammon) selling a horse to a big mexican businessman and costner tags along for a ride. without knowing what happened, gammon is beat to near death and costner drives him to the meeting, which happens to be with an associate of quinn! but, nothing comes of it... nada, zilcho! why did they have gammon's character? why did they have the horse sale with the quinn associate if nothing was to come of it? also, after they leave costner for dead, they make madeline stowe's character become a whore, then she attacks one of quinn's men that was paying for a turn... she stabs him with his own knife, and the next thing she's been moved to a convent! no explanation as to why she was moved, or when it was done!too much talent wasted on such a weak script and poor editing!! i only watched this because a friend owned it and let me watch it... i'm going to throw it at him for the 2 hours i wasted of my life watching the blasted thing!

this movie wastes virtually every actor's talents in what could best be charitably called a "potboiler".despite it's action-packed 'top gun' opening it is all downhill from there with plenty of stereotypes and unlikely situations following each other until you try to choke yourself on your popcorn.there are so many dead-end story lines in this movie i was guessing at one point it was made by splicing together a discarded tv series.quinn's mexican drug-lord role is laughable and his 'associates' plucked right out of a 1970's quinn-martin cop show. costner's character is wooden and gives us no reason to believe he actually fell in love with mendez' wife. nor are we convincingly led to believe the wife is aching for companionship and will jump the first hot body coming along.definitely a 'b' movie at best and a huge waste of time for everyone involved.

1937's "stella dallas" with barbara stanwyck hasn't exactly aged well--how anyone thought a semi-updated version of the story would work now is a real puzzler. perhaps they thought jaunty, cheerfully brash bette midler could make something out of it, but this hoary script defeats her. plot about a female bartender having a baby out of wedlock, and years later giving the young girl over to the child's wealthy father so she'll have a shot at a better life, can't escape tatty, old-fashioned trappings and sentiment. midler works best with a movie director who can control her excesses, but that fails to happen here; stephen collins is stolid as the man who changes her life, but trini alvarado is well-cast as midler's daughter. this is what used to be referred to as a "woman's picture", a wallow, but it doesn't pass muster because it stays too faithful to its 1930's origins. *1/2 from ****

faces are slashed, throats are cut, blood squirts, and in end the three main characters are either depressed or they die. they even blow up kevin costner's dog with a shotgun. why would anyone want to see a movie like this? violence is valid only when the good guys kill the bad guys, not the other way around. take for instance underworld and underworld evolution where you can enjoy seeing justice done when the demons are slain. in this movie, the good guys are cut up. see the difference? why would anyone want to make a movie that depresses the audience? beautiful photography and skilled editing in a motion picture like this is a waste of talent. let's put this one into the category of the exquisite corpse.

payback is the game being played in this drama and the revenge plot is undone by the absurd story line that sets the stage for the fireworks that come later. why would a man become involved with the trophy wife of a ruthless mob boss in the gangster's own mansion with suspicious henchmen all around? why would an unhappy wife encourage the attentions of a complete stranger and expect him to carry her away with him and leave her husband and boredom behind to live happily ever after with her new love? surely the hero, here kevin costner, must have expected a reaction from the cuckold husband that gives the movie an excuse to indulge in senseless gore and violence. anthony quinn, great actor that he was, surely deserved better, and madeleine stowe is the tragic figure who suffers greatly as she latches on to her prince charming. stowe is okay but her spanish accent doesn't work. the cameos of the lesser players are good, especially miguel ferrer and john leguizamo and sally kirkland is interesting as a fading rock star.

i've never understood the appeal of garbo. she always comes across in her films as stuck up, not all that alluring, and that annoying voice that could have drowned out the tuba section. she was also a very limited actress, like gloria swanson far better off left in the silent era. in this her last film, her performance is very average and even unassured. she tries hard but it all comes to nothing because the script is even worse than her acting.a would be screwball romcom that is never once believable and never gets off the ground (even though melvyn douglas manages to get airborne in the skiing scenes, which are really the only amusing thing here).there was potential but the script fails in almost every department, wasting every actor in it. douglas and garbo had good enough chemistry together but this one isn't even a spot on ninotchka, which i also found to be extremely overrated.

it seems a shame that greta garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistaken-identity marital romp. coming off the success of her first romantic comedy, ernst lubitsch's masterful "ninotchka" (1939), where she was ideally cast as an austere russian envoy, garbo is reunited with her leading man melvyn douglas for a sitcom-level story that has her playing karin borg, a plain-jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive larry blake when he becomes smitten with her. once he makes clear that work is his priority, karin inadvertently decides to masquerade as her high-living twin sister katherine to test her husband's fidelity when he is back in manhattan.it's surprising that this infamous 1941 misfire was directed by george cukor, who led garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in 1937's "camille", because this is as unflattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend. only someone with carole lombard's natural sense of ease and mischief could have gotten away with the shenanigans presented in the by-the-numbers script by s.n. behrman, salka viertel and george oppenheimer. mgm's intent behind this comedy was to contemporize and americanize garbo's image for wartime audiences whom the studio heads felt were not interested in the tragic period characters she favored in the thirties.however, garbo appears ill-at-ease mostly as the bogus party girl katherine and especially compared to expert farceurs like douglas and constance bennett as romantic rival griselda. photographed unflatteringly by joseph ruttenberg, garbo looks tired in many scenes and downright hideous in her teased hairdo for the "chica-choca" dance sequence. the story ends conventionally but with the addition of a lengthy physical sequence where larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of sonny bono's death. roland young and ruth gordon (in a rare appearance at this point of her career) show up in comic supporting roles as douglas' associates. this movie is not yet on dvd, and i wouldn't consider it priority for transfer as it represents a curio in garbo's otherwise legendary career. she was reportedly quite unhappy during the filming. i can see why.

the story is a little slow and a little stupid. greta garbo doesn't look very good and i couldn't understand half the things she said because of her accent, which was exaggerated for this role. melvyn douglas, meanwhile, plays his normal unlikeable role and constance bennett is just so-so except for a couple of her screams, which were funny. on the plus side, roland young had the best role in the film. i wish he had more lines, as he disappeared in the second half of the story. also, it was interesting to see ruth gordon look so young. i had only seen her in those crazy roles she played from the late '60s to the '80s and a whacked out old woman. story-wise, the best part might have been the final few minutes when we see a stunt man doing amazing things on skis, pretending to be douglas falling down the slopes. that was amazing and humorous footage.overall, i can see where this film - garbo's last - was not a box-office success. it just drags too much, going on and on about deceptions. it's an annoying story. garbo knew it, too, and called it quits.

being born in the 1960's i grew up watching the tv "movies of the week" in the early 70's and loved the creepy movies that were routinely shown including "crowhaven farm", "bad ronald", "satan's school for girls", "kolchak the night stalker", etc, but this one is just plain dumb.this is obviously the writer's trying to capitalize on the horrific manson murders from a few years earlier. the movie stars dennis weaver of "mccloud" and "duel" fame as a father who takes his family camping on a beach. the family encounters some hippies who for some reason decide to terrorize the family. the reason for this is never explained, and weaver's pacifistic stance is hard to swallow. for god's sake, call the police, beat the hell of them or something, just don't sit there and whine about it. the acting is pretty lame, the story unbelievable, etc. susan dey looks cute in a bikini but that's about it. ignore this if it ever airs on tv.

i can't believe i waste my time watching this garbage! i did because leonard maltin gave it an "aa" rating, and for tv movies this is usually a reliable indicator of some quality entertainment.the acting was ok, but whoever wrote it should be forever denied access to any medium of communication. the plot is ludicrous, the motivations of the "bad guys" totally absent, and the various family interactions silly and shallow. for example, dad preaches that violent reaction to aggression is bad, but he turns out to be an "admirable" person not because of his "ignore the idiots" philosophy, but because he's pretty good with his fists...the only message i was able to glean from this pap was that the nuclear family is good and alternate living arrangements are bad. oh, and bad people happen to good people.

you might be a bit confused if you watch this silly made-for from the beginning, since the credits list susan dey as "special guest star." um, why would a one-off mow like this have a guest star? well, if you stick with it, you'll find yourself paying attention to little else but ms. dey's butt, wiggling in a flowered bikini as the "partridge family" house babe frolics on the beach to which that imaginative title alludes. susan's derrière is especially compelling when she shakes it at the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo-disaffected brother in one mildly incestuous scene. sadly, susie and her tush fight a losing battle: the jiggle-tv craze that might have put that bottom over the top was three years off, so that sweet booty just gets a supporting role. in 1976 fat freddy silverman would have put that behind right out front and used this flick as susan's audition tape for "charlie's angels." as is, our susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing somber, neurotic women.the view beyond susan's heinie, it must be said, is not very compelling. the scenery is nice, and photographed in a bizarre, hazy way that briefly fools you into thinking there might be some quirky creative intelligence at work behind the camera. nope. it's just a typically suspense-challenged 70's made-for-tv thriller that allowed weekly series stars to make some extra cash(and collect some cable residuals, though they obviously didn't know that at the time) and show off their "range." here we're treated to a tv-scale nuclear family, squaring off against tv-scale thugs who can't decide whether they're a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult (thus the filmmakers split the difference by putting them in dune buggies) and have never learned one of the primary lessons of 1970s television: don't mess with dennis weaver (see "mccloud" and "duel"). the only potential for depth in this movie is in the aforementioned teenage-son character of steve, played by the long-forgotten (if ever-remembered) kristoffer tabori, who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and might feel some sympathy for and attraction to the lawless mob that is (supposedly) menacing his family. but steve, as played by tabori (gosh, why didn't we see more from this wunderkind?), is actually just grumpy and moody and isn't one bit conflicted when big d gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial (and literal) sand. for the sleep-deprived and susan deyniacs (there must be some of you out there) only.

this is a terrible production of bartleby, though not, as the other reviewer put it because it is "unfilmable," but rather because this version does not maintain the spirit of the book. it tells the story, almost painfully so. watching it, i could turn the pages in my book and follow along, which is not as much fun when dealing with an adaptation. rather, see the 2001 version of bartleby featuring crispin glover. that version, while humorous, brings new details to the film while maintaining the spirit of the novel. what's important is the spirit, not the minutiae of things like setting, character names, and costumes. the difference between these film versions is like night and day, tedious and hilarious. this version is a lesson as to what can go wrong if an adaptation is handled poorly, painful, mind-numbing schlock.

a noble effort, i guess, but ultimately a poor one. before seeing this film, i felt "bartleby, the scrivener" was unfilmable. after seeing it, i still do. unfortunately, i think only those who have read the story will understand what is going on, and they will be upset at the film's needless revisions (updating from 1850 to 1970, moving from new york to london). even the superb talents of paul scofield can't salvage what looks to me like a well meaning but misguided effort to film melville's metaphysical classic.

"stella", starring bette midler in the title role, is an unabashed tearjerker. set in upstate new york, stella claire works nights as a bar maid, pouring and dancing in a workingman's saloon. one night, in comes a slumming medical intern, stephen dallas, who woos stella, and in the course of their affair impregnates her. she spurns both his offers of marriage and abortion, sends him packing to a lucrative medical career, and raises her daughter herself in near-poverty. flash-forward 16 years and the daughter has grown into a gorgeous, loving, young lady. dr. dallas is not out of the picture, still maintaining a tenuous, but caring relationship with his daughter and…..i'm rambling, and worse yet, making the movie sound somewhat interesting. the acting and screenwriting are so over-the-top you'll let out a groan in almost every scene. the chief offender is bette midler, but close behind is john goodman as her alcoholic buddy. each scene seems more contrived than the preceding right up to the finale, which is truly a hoot. taken as a dramatic piece, this film rates no more than grade d, but as camp, it scores an unintended b+.

i do agree that though this story by melville just might be unfilmable, this isn't even a credible try. to move the story into the 20th century just outrages the original story's intent and nature; possibly you might have been able to move it over to england, but it must be a period piece. even our story narrator--the proprietor--tells it in a flashback, going back even further, somewhere around 1800. towards the end of the 19th century, a strangely disobedient worker would be discarded without a thought. and the 20th century? come on! give me an expletive deleted break!!! even around 1800, such behavior didn't work very well, in view of the ending. and the movie's ending? i don't know what it was, because i didn't watch the entire travesty--i had to stop. this was like setting "streetcar named desire" in elizabethan england.

i kinda liked the film despite it's frenzied pace. but, i did not appreciate the comment that canada was referred to as montana north. it is definitely not montana north and never will be. americans wonder why they are perceived as arrogant in the rest of the world, and that is one reason why. stop teaching the kids of the united states of america to think they own the planet. such a centrist world view is not becoming of one of the world's great nations. even in jest. i would never refer to the usa as 'alberta south'. walt would never put us down, so why start now. other than that the film was pretty goofy, better luck next time.

i wanted to like this movie. but it falls apart in the middle. the whole premise is a good one and ties up nicely, but the middle runs off tangent. the people i watched with were getting annoyed while it ran off course, and hoping it would end sooner than it did. another person actually fell asleep during the middle segment! i found myself day dreaming elsewhere during the schtick parts that had nothing to do with the plot. i bought it for the eye candy and it delivered that well, but it lacks pixar's writing and soul. i think kids 8 and under will enjoy the ride at face vaule, while missing the plot. people old enough to follow a plot will find it wonders too far to return quickly and easily. edit out most of the middle section, make it 50 minutes and it would be a solid flick. i wish i had better things to say. but i don't

i went to see this with my wife and 3 yr old son. he seemed to like it a lot more than my wife and i did. the writing is surprisingly poor for a pixar / disney excursion. in fact, i had a very hard time paying attention at all. the movie does look amazing but the story just becomes so weird and long winded that i was hoping my son would fall asleep so i could pick him up and walk out.not to say that the film isn't an interesting concept, it's just told so oddly, (bad screenplay?) especially when we "meet the family" for the first time. i know we're supposed to get the impression that the family is wacky but good lord, they could've shortened that sequence by a good 15 minutes (seemingly, i didn't actually time it). by that point i was scratching my head looking for an exit.

i really wanted to like this film, but so much of it is stolen/borrowed from other work -- some of the borrowing is painfully blatant. the new york times' review pointed out that their singing frog is awfully reminiscent of the one in the famous warner brothers' cartoon ('hello my baby, hello my darlin', hello my ragtime gal...'). but i challenge anyone to watch the fox/blue sky animated feature robots (2005) and not find ridiculous similarities in: storyline - a young inventor growing up, and a single innovative corporation distributes all great inventions.cityscape - extremely similar camera angles capture extremely similar futuristic city environments....robots... - the servant robot in the robinson household has a very similar design to those in robots, and both films use a sort of retro-futuristic look.all of this seems to be in sharp contradiction to the obnoxious quote from disney at the end, implying that the company has been a steady innovator who never looks back (which also contradicts their entire catalog of films in the 90s that were pretty much clones of each other, with some minor tweaks to storyline and ethnicity).the filmmakers seem unable to let the story speak on its own, and instead constantly send objects and noises flying in our direction, as though we don't have the attention span for anything less.the villain is really well-designed and brilliantly animated, and he's a pleasure to watch. much of the rest of the film seems thrown-together. some of the landscapes look like cgi from the mid-90s.the film actually opens with a classic mickey mouse short. by the end of this cartoon, we are reminded that disney never did have much interest in innovating or good storytelling -- they seem to think that simply getting something up on the big screen is proof enough of their virtue.

this movie started out with some semblance of a plot, then abandoned it for an endless series of random characters and encounters that have nothing to do with moving the story forward. it was impossible to remain engaged with this film. this movie is a very cynical pile of garbage made by some people with animation skills but totally lacking in creativity or storytelling ability. it is a shockingly bad effort coming from a major studio. clearly there are morale and motivation problems at disney, not to mention a complete lack of oversight and quality control. that management allowed this movie to see the light of day speaks volumes about their incompetence and desperation. this movie joins my very short "worst movies of all time" list.

now for the truth, its very very weak storyline - for a walt disney film its total rubbish. when the robinson appear, the films all over the place, i was shocked how poor it was. it like "alice in wonderland" gone wrong!. it feels like they were short on ideas some mashed some crazy rubbish together to try and get away with it - and they don't. after that, i sat there wishing for the end. my younger brother lost interest half way through and was confused by the story. the characters are weak and after the robinsons appear you don't care about the ending, you just want the film to finish. its a film to forget, and forget quickly. if you've got some spare time, don't waste it on this.

this movie forever left an impression on me. i watched it as a freshman in high school and was home alone that night. i think i lost all respect for robert reed as an actor having been a huge fan of the "brady bunch". i also thought the role of chuck connor was horrendous and evil. however, this movie made such an impact on me that i am now a volunteer in the women's state prison doing bible studies and church services and trying to change womens lives, one at a time. what fascinates me is that so few people actually watched this movie. none of my friends watched it and my family is clueless to this day when i discuss this movie because they didn't see it.

originally aired as an abc movie of the week. this involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little southern town. they aren't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they're there. what follows is rape, torture, beatings, humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion.the tv version was (for its time) grim. no nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down. the unrated version is even worse--there's plentiful nudity, the violence is extreme and, in one particularly disgusting sequence, we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard "uses" her. yuck! there's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink. you get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded--all this is shoved in your face like you're supposed to enjoy it. the needlessly downbeat ending doesn't help.i'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good--but that actually makes the movie harder to watch. a sick, sleazy film. not recommended.

supposedly a "social commentary" on racism and prison conditions in the rural south of the 1970's, "nightmare" is full of bad southern stereotypes, complete with phoney accents. not only would it be offensive to the sensibilities of most american southerners, this tawdry piece of work comes off as just a thinly-disguised "babe in prison" movie--especially in its uncut original version. nevertheless, acting is generally above average and the late chuck connors, in particular, does a good job of making viewers hate him--even though he looks somewhat uncomfortable in several scenes. there's also a change-of-pace role for the late robert reed, who appears as the lecherous warden, and tina louise (previously ginger of "gilligan's island") made a rather believable sadistic prison guard. my grade: d. 

an unmarried woman named stella (bette midler) gets pregnant by a wealthy man (stephen collins). he offers to marry her out of a sense of obligation but she turns him down flat and decides to raise the kid on her own. things go ok until the child named jenny (trini alvarado) becomes a teenager and things gradually (and predictably) become worse.i've seen both the silent version and sound version of "stella dallas". neither one affected me much (and i cry easily) but they were well-made if dated. trying to remake this in 1990 was just a stupid idea. i guess midler had enough power after the incomprehensible success of "beaches" to get this made. this (predictably) bombed. the story is laughable and dated by today's standards. even though midler and alvarado give good performances this film really drags and i was bored silly by the end. stephen collins and marsha mason (both good actors) don't help in supporting roles. flimsy and dull. really--who thought this would work? see the 1937 stanwyck version instead. i give this a 1.

i saw this film in its entirety in the 1960s & 70s, yes it is gruesome, and could be the progenitor of the "faces of death" series popular in the 80s & 90s. considering the state of so-called "driver education" these days, this one should be required viewing for everyone preparing to learn to drive. when you see violent death in all its gore & horror, you certainly (if you have any sensibility at all) get a truer perspective on the responsibilities required to drive safely, what one instant of thoughtlessness or inattentiveness at the wheel can do. i worked for bell telephone in the 70s & 80s, and at one point was assigned to conduct a safety class. i found this film in the company library, showed it at the session, a number of people got physically sick and had to leave the room! incredibly, most of them later said "i never knew a car accident could be so terrible!" this film, and another, "red asphalt", is certainly reality in its most graphic form. i'll never forget it, i only wish i could have found a copy when my children were attending "driver's ed" in high school!

i was so excited when i discovered this was available! i couldn't wait to see it. what a waste of energy! it's kind of like that rarities cd by your favorite band you found in the back of the rack at your local music store. being a hard core fan you were certain that it was a valuable discovery. but once you heard it it became obvious why these dogs never made it onto a real album. this dvd is only recommended for 'completionists' who must have everything lynch has done. "six men getting sick" is somewhat visually interesting but short and repetitive. it lacks the power of lynch's later work "the grandmother" is quite simply an immature work. it's tedious and looks like a student film. but it was the 70's...it's interesting only if you hope to psychoanalyze the director. but you can see, briefly, the seeds of some of his trademark images and sounds. "the alpahabet" is forgettable (no really! i can't remember this one at all!) "the amputee" is pointless. "the cowboy and the frenchman" is just plain silly. "lumiere" is the only worthwhile one in the bunch. without dialog lynch tells a disturbing tale comparable with his best work. i had to watch this one several times. but it runs less than 2 minutes. hardly worth the trouble of renting or buying the dvd.

i respect the fact that this is a very popular show. however, in comparison with robert altman's ingenious, hilarious, zany, and groundbreaking 1970 movie classic, this show was probably destined to be less-than-mediocre... even if it did run for 11 years, that doesn't necessarily make it any good. this show formed an all-too-integral part of my early childhood (it was on re-runs every night, and guess whose parents were watching it and laughing it up), but it's one of the memories i don't miss. and now that i actually have seen the movie, i can give this series an accurate critique. on its own, it's not nearly "2 out of 10" bad. however, the characters on this show are nothing like those in the movie. some of them technically are the same, but they're only similar in name. for instance, since when is alan alda anything like donald sutherland? his style of humor is totally different, as are his characterization and outlook. the new characters are not that great; they just serve to make you miss the ones that they're replacing. it's the same with the new actors (including jamie farr). the only thing that actually transfers to the series is radar, who's still (even though played by the same actor) merely a pale imitation of the original. what else? oh, yeah. with a laugh track (it didn't matter whether it was used in surgery scenes or not), it comes across as creepy, due to what's going on in the other settings. and because it lasted nearly four times longer than the actual korean war, it takes viewers into this bizarre temporal rift that doesn't work outside the world of cartoons. i've never liked this show, and i never will.

simply, i found the tv show "mash" trite, preachy, oh ever so "politically correct", repetitious, pretentious and biggest sin of all, and that is,? that it is (was) incredibly dull. you have alan alda as the main lead, "(star)", who is so in love with himself and his cleverness, that it actually made me uncomfortable to even try and sit through an episode. the original series had both mclean stevson, and wayne rogers, whom i'll happily admit had a certain panache and style to their character presentation. however, harry (henry) morgan, and mike farrell, both singularly and compositely together is like eating caviar and fresh oysters with wonder bread. loretta swit, which i also found dull, also to no fault of her own wasn't a wonder to look at, and gary burghoff, who was good in the movie got tired looking and acting as the show wore on. seeing one show a year showed that to me. jamie farr was just low brow "comedy" and is not even worth really mentioning here at all. the reason i did not give it a (one) rating, which anyone reading this by now would be wondering, is that ratings of any sort is not only a subjective call, but a relative one. television, except for relatively few exceptions, is such crud. that relatively speaking, mash had some production quality, (by television standards) of that era and today, and therefore it is deserved of a two. rob ritter

if you hate redneck accents, you'll hate this movie. and to make it worse, you see patrick swayze, a has been trying to be a redneck. i really can't stand redneck accents. i like billy bob thornton, he was good in slingblade, but he was annoying in this movie. and what kind of name is lonnie earl? how much more hickish can this movie get? the storyline was stupid. i'm usually not this judgemental of movies, but i couldn't stand this movie. if you want a good billy bob thornton movie, go see slingblade.my mom found this movie for $5.95 at wal mart...figures...i think i'll wrap it up and give it to my grandma for christmas. it could just be that i can't stand redneck accents usually, or that i can't stand patrick swayze. maybe if patrick swayze wasn't in it. i didn't laugh once in the movie. i laugh at anything stupid usually. if they had shown someones fingers getting smashed, i might have laughed. people's fingers getting smashed by accident always makes me laugh.

being a fan of billy bob thornton, and the diversity of his skills, i noticed this movie listed, and was surprised i hadn't heard of it.i'd traveled more than usual during both the period it was being filmed in 2000, and when it hit theaters more than 2-1/2 years later (that passage of time is the first clue all was not well with the production).now patrick swayze can't act for sour apples, but thornton has more than enough ability to make-up for the difference between them. and charlize theron is someone whom it would be a pleasure to see, even if it showed her watching paint dry.being curious, i checked this site's production info. it made a whopping < $600 per screen its opening weekend, and just over $400 each, after its month's theater run in latter 2002. overall gross was $261k, which i'd doubt could cover cast and crew's hotel and food for a week on location.the story is pretty benign, and even the use of the usually interesting locale of reno is as dull as the rest of the goings-on.it's something like several snl bits all pieced together, none individually too great at all, and the overall presentation even worse.whatever, the expenses for this production had to be considerable - even if all worked for less than their usual fees - so the one thing which made it a barely tolerable opus was the quality of the filming and billy bob's present (albeit understandably somewhat laconic here , compared with his usual work.think of the three superb, totally diverse characters he portrayed in "sling blade," "bandits" and "bad santa," and you know he realized this work was below standard, long before the viewers had the opportunity to confirm this. one star for him, even here, and one because production was better than, say, the typical "lifetime" flick.

i've seen some crappy movies in my life, but this one must be among the very worst. definately bottom 100 material (imo, that is).we follow two couples, the dodds (billy bob thornton as lonnie earl and natasha richardson as darlene) and the kirkendalls (patrick swayze as roy and charlize theron as candy) in one car on a roadtrip to reno.apparently, lonnie isn't too happy with his sex-life, so he cheats on his wife with candy, who's despirately trying to have a baby. roy, meanwhile, isn't too sure if his sperm is ok so he's getting it checked by a doctor.now, i had read the back of the dvd, but my girlfriend didn't, and she blurted out after about 20 minutes: 'oh yeah, she's gonna end up pregnant but her husband can't have any baby's'. spot on, as this movie is soooo predictable. as well as boring. and annoying. meaningless. offensive. terrible.an example of how much this movie stinks. the two couples set out in their big car towards nevada, when they are stopped by 2 police-officers, as they didn't stop at a stop-sign. the guys know each other and finally bribe the two officers with a case of beer. not only is this scene pointless and not important (or even relevant) for the movie, it takes about 5 minutes! it's just talk and talk and talk, without ever going somewhere.i still have to puke thinking about the ending though. apparently, roy isn't having problems down there so he is the father of the child. how many times does that happen in the movies... try something new! the cheated wife ultimately forgives her husband and best friend for having the affair and they all live happily ever after. yuck.best scene of the movie is right at the end, with a couple of shots of the grand canyon. why couldn't they just keep the camera on that for 90 minutes?one would expect more from this cast (although thornton really tries), but you can't really blame them. writers, shame on you!1/10.

what an absolutely crappy film this is. how or why this movie was made and what the hell billy bob thornton and charlize theron were doing signing up for this mediocre waste of time is beyond me. strong advise for anyone sitting down to catch a flick: do not waste your time on this 'film'.

when this film plays on television you might want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel. there's nothing special here that you need to see. story is about two married couples from arkansas who go on a trip together to reno. couple number one is lonnie earl dodd (billy bob thornton) who is a car dealer and having problems with his marriage. his wife is darlene (natasha richardson) and she has a low self opinion of herself and they haven't been intimate in a long time. lonnie has been sleeping with candy (charlize theron) who is the wife of his best friend roy kirkendall (patrick swayze). they all drive to reno and the four of them stay in one luxurious suite. roy and candy have been trying to have a baby and finally candy discovers that she is pregnant. but roy phones his doctor in arkansas and finds out that he's sterile. candy and lonnie admit their affair and now the whole trip is in chaos. this film is directed by jordan brady and he's made a few other low budget films but this is his first with a cast this impressive. unfortunately brady doesn't show much comedic flair but you can't lay all the blame on him. this script is just not funny and one of the glaring problems is that the characters are all written down to a sitcom level. just because they're all from the south doesn't mean that they have to be naive and idiotic. thornton's character doesn't have the sophistication to tip the bellboy more than a dollar. and swayze's character is called stupid and dumb by everyone throughout the film and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to lay off of him for at least one day. penelope cruz pops up as a prostitute and it's a totally worthless and pointless cameo. she barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines! i think she was fulfilling an obligation to harvey and bob weinstein who are executive producers for this film. the only person who actually isn't to bad is richardson. we watch her become more confident in herself but this plotline in the film is very obvious and cliche. all of these actors should know better and it's hard to figure that they all read the script and liked it. it's a complete waste of time for these actors but at least they got paid. as for the viewers, your not getting paid so skip this one!

i'll just be vague about my potential spoiling comments. there are enough canned plot elements in this movie that it's essentially pre-spoiled.this movie derives a few ideas from a southern classic, to kill a mockingbird. i suppose maybe tkom got its ideas from some source.... at any rate, after you watch this, you'll say, "oh yeah, that is a ripoff".i think the truly entertaining thing about these mcmovies is once you've identified a plot element, is to figure out whether they'll stick with the original, or try to twist it around. not a lot of twists in this one.

yes, this movie make me feel real horror, when i realized that i paid for it and spent more than 1 hour of my life trying to watch it. the bald guy just give me the impression of being a psycho - junkie actor and the girl is the worst actress i ever seen . believe me if you appreciate your time avoid this movie, i understand a movie requires money to be created and some movies do not have that money but that is no justification for a stupid plot and bad acting. i'm always supporting independent movies, when it deserves the support, but movies like this makes a bad name for this kind of movies. i'm still traumatized. i will not trust in any nice cover anymore.

channel surfing and caught this on logo. it was one of those "i have to watch this because it's so horribly bad" moments, like roadhouse without the joy. the writing is atrocious; completely inane and the acting is throw-up-in-your-mouth bad.there's low budget and then there is the abyss which is where this epic should be tossed and never seen from again. i mean, the main characters go to a ski retreat in some rented house and the house is, well, ordinary which is no big deal, but they choose to show all the houseguests pouring over it like it was the sistine chapel. i'm sorry but watching 6 guys stare into every 10'x10' boring room with a futon in it and gushing is lame. i guess they didn't learn anything from the bad news bears in breaking training (see hotel room check scene)...wow a toilet !!! yaayyyyy !!!! i don't buy the its all over the top so anything goes routine. if it smells like...and it looks like...well, you know the rest.avoid like the plague.edit: apparently other more close minded reviewers believe that since i disliked this movie, i am an "obvious hater" which i can only assume means i am phobic, which of course is not true. i decided to do this wacky, crazy thing and judge the movie based on the actual content of the film and not by its mere presence (i.e. its refreshing to see...)sure, it may be refreshing to see but that doesn't equate into a great movie, just give them some better material to work with and tighter direction. in fact, i applaud the effort. frankly, i'd rather go listen to my kitchens of distinction catalogue than watch this again.

what can you say about this movie? it was not terrible, but it was not good! two days earlier i had watched lillies and that was one of the best gay films i have ever seen. so this was not the best time to watch a mediocre gay flick.the story was silly and the acting was ok. it was not bad enough to turn off, but it had some bad moments and some terrible stereotyping. it was not very well cast either.would i recommend this movie? no you would be wasting your time and money. i don't understand why movies like these are made and who is funding them. spend your time watching noah's arc on logo instead. i think this is where this movie was trying to go but never got there.

this movie was different in that it didn't show the typical gay stereotypes that i'm used to seeing. but that doesn't change the fact that it totally lacks a storyline. i'm sure that there are many gay men who are just happy to see themselves depicted on screen, since black gay characters are seldom seen, and when they are the characters are usually not fully developed. but, how hard would it have been for the writer to actually script a story with a beginning, middle and end. or how about a story that was focused. there really doesn't seem to be a point to this film, and even though it is a low budget film, that is still no excuse for the lack of story or plot.

the fact that most of the budget for this presumably went on the heavy-duty cast list shouldn't have mattered if it had been staged with flair and imagination and some sympathy for the original's satirical intent. instead we get risibly bad song and dance sequences featuring picturesque beggars and whores, and the final alienation is accomplished by pulling back to reveal the action has taken place on a music-hall stage, appropriately enough for a production that's more lionel 'oliver' blair than brecht. the acting talent is shamefully misused: migenes and walters are good but don't have to try very hard: migenes at least has a great voice and some feel for the material. julia looks perfect as mack, but struggles with the character, straitjacketed by a fake plummy accent. harris's peachum is embarrassingly mannered and polly is atrocious. the adaptations of lyrics, script and music are often awkward: it was a bad move to base the film on marc blitzstein's bowdlerised broadway version, but at least his words were singable, unlike most of what's been interpolated in gestures of faithfulness. and the attempt at overcoming the low budget by filming at claustrophobic angles on mist-shrouded sets lit in garish blues and oranges as if by some bargain-basement vittorio storaro fails utterly -- the film just looks cheap, shoddy and thoughtlessly made. disgraceful.

in fact, marc blitzstein's off-broadway adaptation of "threepenny" was not so "bowdlerised" as is generally believed.(i have a special interest in "threepenny"; my dad was part of the first full production in the us; u of illlinois theatre guild did it around the end of ww2. hjitler had been so nearly successful in suppressing the play that they had to reconstruct the script and score from recordings in two different languages {neither english}, a german prompter's script and similar sources.) blitzstein's adaptation -- not a "translation" -- which had the full approval of lotte lenya -- was a lot closer to the original than generally believed.the problem is that the version thereof that most people know is the mgm cast recording (recently available on polygram on cd)(which includes beatrice arthur {as lucy, the "big complete girl", and can't i see her hands on hips and shoulders thrown back on that line -- bea was a major babe in the 50's}, paul dooley and john astin) was heavily censored by mike curb, head of mgm records -- i mean, 17 (i think it was) "goddamn"s got cut to just "damn".(at one time, mgm also offered a 2-lp set of the *entire* play, doubtless as heavily censored.)

about halfway through, i realized i didn't care about these characters in the least; however, i watched a bit more anyway. regrettably, i came back the next day and finished it. i shouldn't have bothered.if you know *anything* about the film beforehand, you know that the lead character will be a plane crash survivor - and the title gives you a pretty good idea of what's gonna happen afterward - he's gonna get on the phone and call people about it! that was almost as bad as "snakes on a plane" (another bad aviation catastrophe flick).i realize this is an old film, and the acting style in those days was much less naturalistic than today. but even by those standards, the acting was embarrassing. these weren't characters, they were stereotypes. i suspect this movie was, more than anything, an attempt by bette davis to help her husband's (gary merrill) career. to no avail however - i have seen oak trees display more genuine emotion than he did.davis' playing the happy cripple (i.e., a non-glamorous role) was probably looked on as an edgy and bold career move. it wasn't. it was just boring. she was a kind of tiny tim in the film, making trask (merrill's character) see the truth about love and forgiveness (although she was less winsome than tiny tim), calmly dispensing wisdom about life and relationships without a hint that her beloved husband had just died.the final scene, where trask calls his wife back in iowa to reconcile, was so affected and over-acted on both ends of the phone line, i almost cringed. i had to remind myself that these people actually got paid for what they were doing in this film.i noticed a lot of people seem to have enjoyed this movie. if you found it uplifting , that's great. but frankly, i just found it bad. there are plenty of old movies from the golden age of hollywood that were far better written and acted.

this centers on unironic notions of coming to grips with guilt. merrill berates the distraught boy to stop his 'whining' about rennie's death. old-style real men in action, here.the crashing model plane and car crash must have been impressive on the big screen.the storytelling itself, despite the flashback sequences, plays it straight -- all the narrators are trusted by us (regardless of the 'truth' or 'untruth' of the dialogue), so there's no game with the viewer about narrative structure. this would become a rough template for future retellings, such as "fearless".so all we're left with is individual performance, and at that level, it's best for wynn's bantering, a virtual one-man show.

although i had some hopes for this film, particularly since i enjoy the acting of jason segel (freaks & geeks, undeclared) so much, i must say it was one of the worst films i've seen in recent memory (loser and dr t and the women are also on that list).yes, there were a couple of laugh out loud moments, although the movie could have been so much better. the premise was not bad- scam artists cheating their way through college meet their match when they're discovered by someone with a proposition for them. the problem is that the characters were all so unlikable, that i didn't care about any of them. the blackmailer (played by talented jason schwartzman) was such a psychopath that it wasn't that funny to watch him- he wasn't deranged in a particularly funny or charming way, he was just a crazy loser, who was actually rather dangerous and not fun to watch. the editing of the movie was hard to follow-- it kept cutting between fantasy and reality and it was often unclear which was which. only two or three of the gang's scams were really shown, you just had to take it on faith that they were indeed scam artists-- showing their schemes would have made for a better movie. the so-called love story was absurd and unbelievable, in fact it was silly and poorly written and directed throughout. i could go on about the movie's shortcomings, but you get the idea. not worth the $4 rental or the gas it takes to drive to and from the movie store to rent!

nominated for the oscar "worst script ever" in my opinion. there's no decent story, rediculous acting, very lousy humor. by every means possible, if you have little self respect please don't waste your time seeing this movie. although u can see the actors can act, it leaves you dumber after watching it. precious braincells are being killed watching this crap...i warned udon't see this movie

(david h. steinberg)'s script seemed initially having some real smart points that could've made good romantic comedy, but but but, oh dear ! what did ever happen in the way ???!!!! i'll tell you what happened. originally it's (animal house - 1978) and (porky's - 1982). although that was long time ago, but those are the pioneers, the godfathers of the new genre : the crude teen comedy. then the 1990s came. after important instances that became smash hits (repulsive ones am i add) such as (problem child - 1990), (dumb and dumber - 1994), (the nutty professor - 1996), and (there's something about mary - 1998) which i think slackers is affected by, there was the top of the era and the prophet of the next era, the one and only : (american pie - 1999) which's undoubtedly and incomparably a genre's icon. after that i think every comedy of that kind got to be that highly filthy, cum laude nasty, to be admired by the youth otherwise it might be out of fashion !i believe that (slackers) had a smart plot first as a script, then its makers got to add some real big amount of : rudeness, filthiness, strangely shameless sex to be made - at those days - as easy as pie ! like they had to fill every scene with freely elements such as : masturbation, oral sex, urination.. etc just to look a la' mode. they're wholly unnecessary elements to the story but surely they are so necessary to make the profits, and to catch the latest vogue in making teen comedies. the problem is in how all of that has replaced already any possible comedy in it.some of its moments looked literally horrible, and that as you see is the point. it's all in (jason schwartzman)'s looks and performance; memorably disgusting to the utmost. so the ambition transformed from being that romantic comedy into making what wasn't done before of pure skinning images. to be more like a horror where you're asking all the time; what nastier would happen ? (vomiting, farting,.. etc); these are the easiest combination to create a comedy nowadays.though even if you hated it you've got to love something (mostly for being bold), for me it was only gina gershon cameo's scene. anyhow they designed it as a whole to achieve being outrages-for-outrageousness, like an adolescent's naughty dream. though the majority of it was near to anybody's nightmare.what made me sad is that this one at its core was a real potential work, and not another cheap, another stupid comedy as it eventually managed to be. remember well the details of stealing the exam (the first 2 minutes), so the movie's main plot (weirdo trying to reach a girl by blackmailing cool guys) through the pattern of (boy loves girl, and girl loves another boy) because save that, it's nothing but a candidly schlock. it dealt with its material the tacky way bunch of dirty college boys, who got nothing to do but making mawkish quip out of anything, would do. it ended up as being, and i'm sorry to say it, a smiling sh*t !at its end it said something (can you imagine !) about how it's the time and the place too for the impostor or the slack to win, totally like this comedy itself. it sounds good ending yet for totally another better movie; which could assure my opinion about this one as smart one.. once ! and it doesn't need much to understand that this movie's makers were the real slackers ! maybe being stupid is a way to be smart in hollywood, but even if.. the final result here wasn't at least witty by any sense of the word. p.s : its scriptwriter (david h. steinberg), who wrote the story of (american pie 2) as well, has a main page at the imdb where you'll find under the "additional details" his usual "plot keywords" which are : sex / vulgarity / crude humor /... they just forgot to write urineing while showering or baring 70 year old women !

i wrote a review of this movie further down after buying it on dvd and being sorely disapointed.i tried watching it again after reading a few of the comments made since then. being a film student and making similar budgeted movies myself (ie no budget, shot on digi cam), i stand by my original comments. this is a no budget student project (and not a particularly good one), released on video/dvd to look like an award winning film (if you read the cover). so deceving the public into thinking it's something it's not. i want my money back under the trades description act! complete rubbish!

slackers is just another teen movie that's not really worth watching. dave (devon sawa), sam (jason segel) and jeff (michael c. maronna) are about to graduate from holden university with honors in lying, cheating and scheming. the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now, during final exams, these big-men-on-campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school. the plot is very stupid and there's no reason why to watch this unless your looking to shut off you brain for a little while. slackers is just a predictable teen flick that really adds nothing new to the genre. the comedy in slackers is either hit or miss but there's no real true funny or original moment in the movie. its really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny. though for every joke that works there's at least eight more that don't. the screenplay is full of penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students may enjoy. even if they do they probably won't remember this film after awhile as its not a very memorable comedy. jason schwartzman plays the freaky ethan and after appearing in some good comedies he has stoop pretty low. jaime king and devon sawa are the other main stars but they do a rather poor job in this film. this is directed by dewey nicks and this is his first film so you can't blame him too much. the funniest character was probably laura prepon though, she's not in the movie very much. the film is very short at only 86 minutes long however, that may be too long for some people who don't really like this type of humor. slackers isn't the worst film of 2002 but certainly is below average. when compared to other films in the genre there's a lot better out there such as not another teen movie, american pie and its sequels , scary movie 1 & 2 etc. so unless you have seen most of them and you're looking for something new then slackers might fit that bill but its better if you just watch something else. rating 4.3/10 a below average teen comedy that's worth skipping.

dave (devon sawa) and his friends sam (jason segel) and jeff (michael maronna) have scammed their way through college. when creepy ethan (jason schwartzman) discovers their secret, he blackmails them into helping him score with beautiful, good-hearted student angela (james king).stupid and incompetent "comedy" - a lot more groan-inducing than laugh-inducing. movie tries appealing to its target audience with its disgusting gags - but none of them work. what's more, it's full of worthless, unappealing characters - and schwartzman's character is so repulsive he's a major turn-off. movie even tries using 50's/60's sexpot/actress mamie van doren in the movie's most outrageous scene. yuck!!!further bringing it down are its utter predictability and the waste (yet again) of veteran comedic actor joe flaherty's talent - when's this guy going to stop accepting every role that comes along and do something worthwhile?all in all, the only thing i liked was james (a.k.a. jaime) king, who was very appealing - and deserved better.this gets no more than one out of ten from me.

this movie has no plot and no focus. yes, it's supposed to be a slap-stick, stupid comedy, but the screen-writers have no idea what the movie was about. even the title doesn't go along with the movie. it should have been called "cool ethan" or "cheaters never win" or something like that. the characters are not developed and no one cares what happens to them! the girl roommate character (from that 70's show) was the only person worth watching. she was hilarious and stole every scene she was in. the others need to make sure that their own college diplomas are in the works since they'll need a career other than acting.

this film looked promising but it was actually pretty bad. the premise was o.k, but the plot itself was terrible. the actors tried their best with limited material, but they could not rise above the mean spiritedness of this tacky college film. jason schwartzman was once again immensely irritating - even more so than in rushmore, the rest of the cast were quite non-eventful. scenes that should have been fun turned out to be off-putting & incredibly juvenile. tries to be a road trip/american pie but fails dismally on all levels. a total waste of everyone's time.

after buying the dvd in a bargain bin due to the impressive amount of features listed on the cover, i popped it in the dvd player and everything looked good. nice animated menus and a whole lot of extra features...but when i played the movie itself, what a let down. it is the worst thing i have ever seen and i have seen some bad movies in my time. the comment that praises the movie here at imdb is actually from the people who made the film. so don't believe it unless you like to waste your cash!

dont ever ever ever consider watching this sorry excuse for a film. the way it is shot, lit, acted etc. just doesn't make sense. it's all so bad it is difficult to watch. loads of clips are repeated beyond boredom. there seems to be no 'normal' person in the entire film and the existence of the 'outside world' is, well, it just doesn't exist. and why does that bald guy become invincible all of a sudden? this film is beyond stupidity. zero.

the story line was very straight forward and easy to follow and contained a lot of no-brainer comedy to a point where it just got boring. some of the audience seemed to find it funny but i like more intelligent humor.there were several known swedish actors in the movie and their performance were decent considering the script. lena endre was good looking as always.i don't remember the original movie so i can't say if it's better or worse.if you enjoy movies like sällskapsresan this movie might be worth taking a look at.

this must be one of the worst swedish movies ever made. it is embarrassing that such a bad script was allowed to become a movie and shown in cinemas as recently as year 2006.i've never seen so many visible sponsored products in one and the same movie. it shouldn't be that obvious. i can't understand why so many known actors even thought the idea to even be visible in a movie like this. if i had any respect for some of the known actors in this movie before i saw the movie, it is gone for sure now. i've heard that there will be a follow up movie to this one and i can't understand how that is even possible.

...for one of the worst swedish movies ever...forgive me for being dull.first of all i haven't seen the first one (i was bored that's my reason for watching the 2nd before the 1st one), well i hope the first one is better than this, it was filled with weird cut scenes and very strange plot changes, for the people that have seen this and think 4/10 is high (belive me so do i), but it made me laugh a few times, because it was so bizarre so bad and i still laugh thinking of the punk that came up with this idea, what's next "det sjunde inseglet ii". sequels not based on novel or book doesn't turning out great to often, and this is a perfect example of one.ok i'm gonna be honest with you: i did laugh a bit, it got a few decent jokes in it and slapstick humor. but don't buy it, rent it. just let some other idiot do it or download it.4/10 this movie will be remembered and the director is probably laughed out already...

ok now, lets see. what was funny in the first movie? i know, people with funny accents, people falling into the water, silly boat crashes and funny comments between the two teams. in this movie they have twisted the accent part to the max, no good. a whole a lot of people are falling into the water for uncertain reasons, no good. boatcrash, check. funny comments between the two teams, they tried but failed. also, there are too may personalities they are following in this movie. this film should be about what is happening on the water, not on land. i am sorry to say that there is too far between the funny parts and the sponsors of the film are exploited to the max. no good. all in all, i give it four out of ten since it has some funny parts.

(review in english, since swedish is not allowed)i saw this movie with extremely low expectations, and i can sadly inform you that the movie barely lived up to them.as much as i loved to see janne "loffe" karlsson on the big screen again, the writers should have realized early in the scriptwriting process that seven people falling into the water, isn't original or funny. the story is very thin and the jokes are used and predictable, the ones that ain't, is just plain boring. i smiled like three times during the entire film.the placement of swedish findus products is (unintentionally) funny, why not just a big sign saying; "findus made it happen!".göta kanal 2 doesn't need to be seen at the cinema or on dvd, just wait for it to air on tv, it wont take too long.

yet another forgettable warners foreign intrigue "thriller," this is rendered even less enjoyable by the irritating presence of lauren bacall, who, without humphrey bogart's tender attentions to humanize her, comes off as her usual shrill, shallow self. even master gigolo charles boyer cannot feign romantic interest in her.

lauren bacall and charles boyer do not provide the right chemistry here in this 1945 film.there is a good story here about the axis trying to obtain coal to use for the upcoming war. unfortunately, this part of the story is not emphasized. instead, we deal with a supposedly bungling boyer. by the way, bacall is as british as vladimir putin.the real acting kudos goes to veteran oscar winner katina paxinou. as was the case with her memorable pilar in the 1943 oscar winner, "for whom the bell tolls," paxinou again plays a spanish revolutionary but this time she is a double-crossing counter-spy for the pro-franco group. she is quite a vicious character here;especially, when she throws a 14 year old child out the window. she believed that boyer had given the child important material to hide.

this film was done in really poor taste. the script was really bad. i feel really sad for the late gregory peck who took on the title role of this b-movie adaptation of one of history's greatest generals. the movie was politically incorrect and downright insensitive to the others who fought the japanese in world war 2. there was a scene where i almost vomited, it showed macarthur in a bunker in corregidor island talking to the troops like a seasoned politician when he comes across a wounded, one legged filipino soldier. the soldier bleeding and dying manages to sit up straight upon seeing the general and says : `no papa, no mama, no uncle sam' and macarthur gives his little pep talk that americans `would never abandon' the philippines. the scene ends with the soldier being invigorated by macarthur's words and gives him a smart salute. i mean if there was a more condescending scene portraying the u.s. as the great white savior of the world please tell me because this one takes the cake. it showed that filipinos are damsels in distress incapable of honor and have to rely on the great americans solely for redemption. it blatantly and purposely overshadowed the contributions of the members of the usaffe (united states armed forces of the far east), these are filipino volunteers that were integrated in the us military during world war 2, who died side by side with the americans fighting the japanese, who walked side by side with americans in the death march of bataan and defended corregidor island by launching a guerilla offensive after macarthur left for australia with his famous `i shall return' speech. my late grandfather, a filipino world war 2 veteran and usaffe soldier was one of the many who fought the japanese with honor and love for the home country. i think this movie does not give honor to them and to the thousands of others that macarthur relied on for intelligence preparations for his famous return in the leyte gulf landing.

when george c. scott played the title role in "patton," you saw him directing tanks with pumps of his fist, shooting at german dive bombers with a revolver, and spewing profanity at superiors and subordinates alike. the most action we get from gregory peck as "macarthur," a figure from the same war of debatably greater accomplishment, is when he taps mapboards with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow of his.comparing peck's performance with scott's may be unfair. yet the fact "macarthur" was made by the same producer and scored by the same composer begs parallels, as does the fact both films open with the generals addressing cadets at west point. it's clear to me the filmmakers were looking to mimic that oscar-winning film of a few years before. but while peck looks the part more than scott ever did, he comes off as mostly bland in a story that feels less like drama than a wikipedia walkthrough of macarthur's later career."to this day there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived," an opening title crawl tells us. it's a typical dishwater bit of post-vietnam sophistry about those who led america's military, very much of its time, but what we get here is neither view. macarthur as presented here doesn't anger or inspire the way he did in life.director joseph sargent, who went on to helm the famous turkey "jaws the revenge," does a paint-by-numbers job with bland battle montages and some obvious set use (as when the chinese attack u.s. forces in korea), while the script by hal barwood and matthew robbins trots out a macarthur who comes across as good-natured to the point of blandness, a bit too caught up in his public image, but never less than decent.here you see him stepping off the landing craft making his return to the phillipines. there you see him addressing congress in his "old soldiers never die" speech. for a long stretch of time he sits in a movie theater in toyko, waiting for the north koreans to cross the 38th parallel so we can get on with the story while newsreel footage details japan's rise from the ashes under his enlightened rule. peck's co-actors, marj dusay as his devoted wife ("you're my finest soldier") and nicolas coaster as a loyal aide, burnish teary eyes in the direction of their companion's magnificence but garner no interest on their own.even when he argues with others, peck never raises his voice and for the most part wins his arguments with thunderous eloquence. when admiral nimitz suggests delaying the recapture of the philippines, a point of personal pride as well as tactical concern for macarthur, macarthur comes back with the comment: "just now, as i listened to his plan, i thought i saw our flag going down." doubtless the real nimitz would have had something to say about that, but the character in the movie just bows his head and meekly accepts the insult in the presence of president roosevelt.the only person in the movie who macarthur seriously disagrees with is harry s truman, who ed flanders does a fine job with despite a prosthetic nose that makes him resemble toucan sam. truman's firing of macarthur should be a dramatic high point, but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation, in which peck plays macarthur as nothing less than a genial martyr.i've never been sold by peck's standing at the upper pantheon of screen stars; he delivers great presence but lacks complexity even in many of his best-known roles. but it's unfair to dock him so much here, as he gets little help defining macarthur as anything other than a speechifying bore. except for two scenes, one where he rails against the surrender of the philippines ("he struck old glory and ran up a bedsheet!") and another where he has a mini-breakdown while awaiting the u.s. invasion of inchon, inveighing against communists undermining him at the white house, peck really plays peck here, not the complex character who inspired the famous sobriquet "american caesar." the real macarthur might have been worthy of such a comparison. what you get here is less worthy of shakespeare than shakes the clown.

although i have to admit i laughed more watching this movie than the last few comedies i saw.the budget must have consisted of pocket change from the actors. the production values are so low that they actual made it kind of fun to watch. reminds me of the robot monster made up of a guy in a gorilla suit with a cardboard diving helmet on.in one scene a hapless victim gets their arm and leg cut off. geez, hard to believe but the black knight scene from holy grail was more realistic. i kept wondering why the victim didn't start shouting " none shall pass" and " it's only a flesh wound, i've had worse". it was one of the funniest scenes i've seen in the past year.the "gladiator/demon" was a stitch too. between the horribly cheap costume and the geeky look of the guy in it the end result was hysterical.truly a movie that is bad enough to be watchable. kind of like seeing a slow motion auto accident on film.

a woman asks for advice on the road to reach a mysterious town, and hears two ghoulish stories from the local weirdo, both zombie related. but perhaps fate has something nasty in store for her too...the zombie chronicles is absolutely one of the worst films i have ever seen. in fact i must confess, so bad was it i fast forwarded through most of the garbage. and there was a lot of that, believe me. it runs for just 69 minutes, and there is still tons of filler. you get some skinhead doing a lot of push ups, plenty of dull kissy-kissy scenes between goofy teens (that rhymed, tee hee) and some fine examples of why some people should never become actors.as for the title characters, they barely even have a footnote in the film. why, you get more undead action in the intro than you do the preceding feature! though, considering how pathetic the eyes bursting out of sockets and the eating of brains sequences are (amongst other 'delights'), maybe that's a blessing in disguise.and to top it all off, it looks likes it's been filmed on someone's mobile phone for broadcast on youtube. jerky camera-work, scratches on the print, flickering lights... i had to rub my eyes when i realised it was made in 2001, and not 1971. even the clothes and fashioned look about three decades out of date!if you think i'm not qualified to do a review of chronicles having not seen the whole film, then go ahead. you try sitting through it, i betcha you won't even make it to the first appearance of the blue-smartie coloured freaks before making your excuses and leaving. it is truly laughable that anyone chose to release it, and honestly you'll get far more fun resting your drink on the disc than actually torturing your dvd player with this gigglesome excuse for horror. in fact, don't for surprised if it packs it's bags and leaves in the morning, leaving you doomed to watch vhs tapes for the rest of your life. you have been warned... 0/10p.s what kind of 18-rated horror has the woman keep a massive sports bra on during the obligatory sex scene?! see, the movie can't even get that part right...

some kids are hiking in the mountains, and one of them goes into a large tunnel and discovers some old mummified gladiator. he puts on the gladiator's helmet and spends the rest of the movie killing all the other hikers.this thing is just so utterly senseless it's maddening. here's a short list of things that don't make any sense:1) a guy and a girl are in their tent and they think they hear something outside. the guy goes out to investigate and finds another hiker outside. then he hears his girlfriend scream so they head back to the tent - arriving the next morning?!? he was only 50 feet away!2) these two dunderheads then hear another girl scream (what, 100 feet away?), but don't investigate because they're afraid they'll get lost.3) another guy and a girl are walking around, and in about their 10th scene together the girl informs the guy that due to the circumstances, protocol no longer requires him to address her as professor. i mean, what the...? first off, that's just a really stupid thing to say, secondly he never called her professor in the first nine scenes they were in together.4) a wounded girl attacks demonicus and he stops her, telling her that part of his gladiator training taught him how to wound without killing. um, yeah, we kinda noticed she's wounded and not dead because she's up and walking around. but, thanks for that tidbit of information.5) one girl is tied up in demonicus' lair, and when someone attempts to free her, she instead instructs this person to go and get help. um, look, idiot, if she set you free, which would take about 5 seconds, there would be no need to get help.and it just goes on and on. the whole middle part of the movie is spent with the two idiots getting lost in the woods, then they fight, then they pitch a tent and ignore the screams of their friends, then they wander around some more. it's just so damned boring and pointless that i turned the dvd off halfway through. none of these characters are sympathetic, especially the ones that get the majority of the screen time. demonicus himself made me laugh out loud every time i saw him - he looks like a kid in a halloween costume, scrunching his face up to look evil. he runs, or should i say scampers around like he's gay. the special effects are comedic, the acting is for the most part awful, and nothing makes any sense.overall, maybe this concept could have produced an enjoyably campy film if they put some more time and effort into it, getting rid of the ludicrous dialogue, creating characters with actual likable personalities, having some sort of logical flow to the action, and maybe even making demonicus a female character in a sexy gladiator outfit. but no, instead we get this senseless pile of nonsense that will bore you to death.

i cannot believe this woodenly written and directed piece of cliche film got made. there are about four good looking shots (the director should think about switching to still photography) and that's it. a strong cast is utterly wasted, scenes repeatedly end at the least interesting moments and the script says nothing new. please spare yourself this movie.

i watched this movie, and hoped for something to get better the entire time. what is so great about a guy with no emotion? *yawn*you never see alex show emotion for anyone other than his son. yeah, i know that this is why his son is the only one to cause him to lose his temper (if you can call it that), i get it.characters are undeveloped, relationships aren't given enough time to be understood. in one scene sarah says they won't fall in love, and the next time we see her she's talking about how his death really shook her up because they were so close? logic synapses abound in this film.it's like someone watched boogie nights and wrote this part to mimic little bill. even the scene where he "loses his temper" is the same as when little bill shoots his wife, down to the facial expression (or lack thereof). yes, william h. macy is good at portraying a man without emotion - been there, done that - can you say magnolia?this movie didn't only lack emotion, it lacked substance, a good script, developed characters, and a plot. and it certainly lacks my recommendation. :)~a~

undeveloped/unbelievable story line,(by the time i sort of figured out where it was going, i no longer cared) bad casting.(come on... william macy as a hit man???) bad directing,(have you ever seen tracey ullman perform so badly?)(was i supposed to care what happened to the unethical incompetent, uncaring john ritter character?) bad script...( really, i'm not looking for a formula script but this was really awful) the only really good thing in it was the kid. ten lines? it's not ok if your comment is less than ten lines? come on-- whose rules are those? why can't i say what i have to say in less than 10 lines??? isn't that kind of arbitrary? why isn't it ok to have less than 10 lines of comment?

macy, ullman and sutherland were as great as usual. ritter wasn't bad either. what's her name was as pretty as usual. it could have been a good movie. to bad the plot was atrocious. it was completely predictable, trite and boring.from the first 15 minutes, the rest of the movie was laid out like a child's paint by numbers routine. the characters were stock pieces of cut out cardboard. there was nothing new or interesting to say and that completely outweighed the acting, which was a pity.finally, too bad the script writer wasn't the victim. especially with the "precocious" lines from the child, which were completely unbelievable.again, it's only the acting that prevented a much lower score.

users who have rated this movie so highly simply can't have seen enough good films to compare it with. have they all been brainwashed?? i have rarely felt so disappointed by a film and some of that must be attributable to the ridiculous hype surrounding this movie.from the first, bu is just a chase film. we pick it up at the end of one chase and go straight into another. and another. and another. and another. do you see a pattern emerging? there is virtually no time 'wasted' on plot, character development, or boring old reality.if you haven't see the other two bourne films, you're pretty lost. if you have - you only wish you were lost - somewhere a long way from a cinema.paul greengrass's dispassionate style worked exceptionally well on united 93 which was a sentiment overload desperate to happen, but on bourne and his interminable woes it just has the effect of removing the audience from involvement with the character. he runs. he jumps. he punches. he gets blown up. he clears tall buildings. yada yada yada. above all - he survives. he survives like a plastic action man survives, which only makes the ridiculous stunts he pulls all the more slack and lacking in any kind of tension. so he drives off a building? so what? he'll survive. yawn.there's a girl thrown into the mix because bourne's love interest died in a previous incarnation, but she's just decor. i've seen more character depth and snappy dialogue in episodes of captain scarlet.bourne's own journey of literal self-discovery is dull and formless and tells us nothing we didn't know from the first movie. he was turned into a killing machine. big deal. he finds out his true identity. so what? it doesn't have any emotional resonance when it comes.the 'twist' ending is telegraphed and weak. oh, dear, the more i think about this film the more i hate it! i've already reduced my score to 4 during the writing of this comment! i'd better end now before the slide continues.i love a good action flick and i love a good thriller. the bourne ultimatum is neither. it's a loud, tedious series of flashy edits, ridiculous sound effects and cartoon violence. the idea that it 'shows the way' to the bond franchise is utter crap. casino royale blows it out of the water.

i don't understand people. why is it that this movie is getting an 8.3!!!!!!???? i had high hopes for this movie, but once i was about a half hour into it i just wanted to leave the theater. in the vast majority of the reviews on this site people are saying that this is one of the best action movies they've seen (or of the summer, year, etc.) they say it's an excellent conclusion. wtf!!!!!!!!!?????? what has been concluded (besides the fact that bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot, and fight better than anyone else he comes across)? what do you learn about bourne's character in this movie?????????absolutely f****** nothing!!!!!!! okay, there's a lot of action, but what's so great about the action in this movie?? i don't like the cinematography and film editing. the shaky camera effect and fast changing shots were used too much and they get old fast (i didn't mind them in supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in excess) and made me quite dizzy. i was quickly wishing i had saved my $$$ for something else.this movie has no plot. all this movie is is a 115 minute chase seen. bourne, who you learn absolutely nothing about in the entire 115 minutes of the movie, is a perfectionist at everything he attempts. there is absolutely no character development in this movie, you know nothing about anyone, and there is a wide array of new characters that are introduced in this installment. some people said that this movie has incredible writing and suspense. ???????????!!!!!!!! what writing???? what suspense??? there's no suspense. bourne is so perfect at doing everything he does, i don't think he has anything to worry about. if this is the best movie of the year 2007 i may just quit watching movies entirely!!!! many people have also said that matt damon's performance in this movie is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. what performance?? how many lines did he have in this movie??? i have some respect for damon because he has been in movies that i liked and has played different kinds of characters, but a good actor is someone that you can barely recognize from one movie to the next, someone who chooses different types of roles. not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (which damon doesn't do, but an example of someone who does is vin diesel).anyways, this movie was a big disappointment to me. i do not recommend this movie but i do recommend the first two (bourne identity and bourne supremacy) and i most definitely recommend reading the three books (which are much different then the movies).

how sheep-like the movie going public so often proves to be. as soon as a few critics say something new is good (ie - "shake-cam"), everyone jumps on the bandwagon, as if they are devoid of independent thought. this was not a good movie, it was a dreadful movie. 1) plot? - what plot? bourne was chased from here to there, from beginning to end. that's the plot. don't look for anything deeper than this. 2) cinematography? - do me a favor! any 7 year old armed with an old and battered 8mm movie camera would do a far better job (i am not exaggerating here). this film is a tour-de-force of astonishingly amateurish camera-work. the ridiculous shaking of every (i really do mean every) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) believable? - oh yes definitely. this is a masterpiece of credibility. i loved scenes about bourne being chased by (local) police through the winding market streets of tangier. - i've been to tangier. even the guides can't navigate their way through those streets but bourne shook off 100 police with speed and finesse. greengrass must be laughing his head off at the gullibility of his film disciples. 4) editing? - i don't know what the editor was on when he did this film but i want some! - every scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. i felt nauseous at the end of the film from the strobe effect of the "scenes" flashing by. 5) directing? - hmmm. this is an interesting aspect. the film appears to have actually not had any directing. more a case of greengrass throwing a copy of the script (all two pages) at the cameramen and told to "shoot a few scenes whilst drunk". - "don't worry boys, we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room". the editor should be tarred, feathered and put in the stocks for allowing this monstrosity to hit the silver screen 6) not one but two senior cia operatives giving the tender feminine treatment to the mistreated and misunderstood jason bourne. - putting their lives on the line for someone they couldn't even be sure wasn't a traitor. talk about stupid nincompoops. (whilst the evil male cia members plot to terminate any operative who so much as drops a paper-clip on the floor). (well, all men are evil, aren't they? - except for snags of course). yes, this really is a modern and politically correct film that shows the females to be the heroes of the day and the oppressive males as the real threat to humanity. 7) when the you-know-what finally hits the fan, good triumphs over evil (just like it always does, eh?) and the would-be assassin gets the drop on jason bourne - he suddenly undergoes a guilt trip and refrains from pulling the trigger (yeah - right...) - at that very moment, the evil deputy director just happens to turn up - gun in hand and he does pull the trigger. - how did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even be out of breath? wonders will never cease 8) don't worry, there's a senate hearing and the baddies get pulled up before the courts. well, we can't have nasty, politically incorrect, cia operatives going round shooting people, can we? how lovely to see a true to life p.c. film of the noughties. -------------the bourne ultimatum is utter rubbish.

i may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity i turned the channel. the original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for adam west and burt ward. put these two "actors" in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad.

i loved the batman tv series and was really looking forward to this. but they tried to do too much.why they had the story of adam west and burt ward trying to recover the batmobile was beyond me. i don't want to knock burt or adam for the way they look now.....it's been 35 years since they appeared at batman and robin, but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda sad. i would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary. the batmobile side story was stupid.as for the flashback movie, i think it was too short and left out way too much. it was really just a quick overview in my opinion. i'd like more background. they showed the penguin and joker for about a minute each just to tell the same stuff i already knew. the joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker. that was it on those 2.i'd love to read the book. i am sure it has more in it that this showed. like why was there 2 riddlers or why 3 catwoman's or 3 mister freezes. where was commishioner gordon, cheif ohara, alfred, mister freeze, king tut, etc. the list goes on. like i said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it.very disappointing. and really corny.

the zombie chronicles aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (nu-view 3-d)sound format: monowhilst searching for a (literal) ghost town in the middle of nowhere, a young reporter (emmy smith) picks up a grizzled hitchhiker (joseph haggerty) who tells her two stories involving flesh-eating zombies reputed to haunt the area.an absolute waste of time, hobbled from the outset by haggerty's painfully amateurish performance in a key role. worse still, the two stories which make up the bulk of the running time are utterly routine, made worse by indifferent performances and lackluster direction by brad sykes, previously responsible for the likes of camp blood (1999). this isn't a 'fun' movie in the sense that ed wood's movies are 'fun' (he, at least, believed in what he was doing and was sincere in his efforts, despite a lack of talent); sykes' home-made movies are, in fact, aggravating, boring and almost completely devoid of any redeeming virtue, and most viewers will feel justifiably angry and cheated by such unimaginative, badly-conceived junk. the 3-d format is utterly wasted here.

okay guys, we know why we watch film like "the invisible maniac" (just look at the cover, man!). t and a all over the place (with a lot more t than a). but...shouldn't there be a story to go with it?"c'mon," i can hear you say - "this is just girls gettin' naked! who needs a story??!"well, if this were called "the naked maniacs", i wouldn't have a problem. but since these guys are cribbing from "the invisible man", they need to have a bit of story hereabouts, you know, to keep your mind busy.however, all they can muster up is how this crazy doctor creates an invisibility serum and, when he cracks, uses it to spy on naked women and ends up killing a lot of teenagers. and when you see the smarmy-looking teenagers he goes after, you'll be grateful.one star, for the t and a, but there's a little too much gore for you skin fans, so proceed with caution.tidbit - yes, it's that savannah.

this movie is just plain bad. it isn't even worth watching to make fun of it. the lunatic professor is just plain annoying. even suspending disbelief to allow for invisibility (which i glady do for the sake of good bad movies) and allowing for exceedingly stupid victims in a horror movie, this movie asks for even more than that. if you are looking for women's locker room shower scenes, and random sexual encounters, get a porn, if you are looking for a good-bad movie, get something else. if you want to simply waste your time on an annoying bad movie, rent this.

saw this late one night on cable. at the time i didn't know that the girl billed as "shannon wilsey" was actually porn star savannah, but she was so beautiful (and got naked so often, thank god) that i actually sat through this brain-rotting drivel. i like cheesy flicks as much as the next guy--more than the next guy, actually--but this was way beyond cheesy and more into rancid. the truly annoying overacting by the mad scientist and the director's, writers' and special effects people's virtually total incompetence detracts from the gratuitous nudity that is the movie's only saving grace. savannah, before she turned into the plasticized barbie doll she became as a porn queen, is really interesting to watch--she's drop-dead gorgeous, bursts into uncontrollable giggling at times, glances off-camera and laughs and just generally seems to be having a really good time, which is more than can be said for the audience. for even though savannah and her colleagues spend a fair amount of this picture naked, it still can't hide the fact that this is an incredibly stupid, badly made and annoying movie. if you know someone who has it on video, or if it comes on cable some night, check it out, but don't waste your money on a rental.

here's an interesting little movie that strictly gives the phrase "low budget" a horrible name. our physics teacher who has about nine kids creates a strange serum that causes "molecular reorganization". students are hopelessly killed from fake coincidences of submarine sandwiches and flying school supplies. sounds like a resurrection of classic b-movies from the 50s, right? nope! it's not an example of high camp fun, which is way, way off the mark. a glamorous showcase of breasts and butts ensues our desire for pleasure, opposing the horror that should have had 99.44% more in the first place. bottom-of-the-barrel entertainment at its best, aided by pints of red blood and dead student bodies. atrocious movies like this would make the ultimately catastrophic guru the mad monk (1970) the work of an intelligent genius who has a master's degree in film production! it's an automatic "f", so rest easy!

take one look at the cover of this movie, and you know right away that you are not about to watch a landmark film. this is cheese filmmaking in every respect, but it does have its moments. despite the look of utter trash that the movie gives, the story is actually interesting at some points, although it is undeniably pulled along mainly by the cheerleading squads' shower scenes and sex scenes with numerous personality-free boyfriends. the acting is awful and the director did little more than point and shoot, which is why the extensive amount of nudity was needed to keep the audience's attention.in the nutty professor, a hopelessly geeky professor discovers a potion that can turn him into a cool and stylish womanizer, whereas in the invisible maniac, a mentally damaged professor discovers a potion that can make him invisible, allowing him to spy on (and kill, for some reason) his students. boring fodder. don't expect any kind of mental stimulation from this, and prepare yourself for shrill and enormously overdone maniacal laughter which gets real annoying real quick...

the invisible maniac starts as a young kevin dornwinkle (kris russell) is caught by his strict mother (marilyn adams) watching a girl (tracy walker) strip through his telescope... cut to 'twenty years later' & kevin dornwinkle (noel peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to turn things invisible using a 'mollecular reconstruction' serum. however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists it fails & they all laugh at him, dornwinkle goes mad kills a few of them & is locked away in a mental institute from which he escapes. jump forward 'two weeks later' & a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the headmistress mrs. cello (stephanie blake as stella blalack) says that she has hired a replacement, yes you've guessed it it's dornwinkle. the student don't take to him & treat him like dirt, however dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum & uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual urges & his desire for revenge...co-written & directed by adam rifkin wisely hiding under the pseudonym rif coogan (i wouldn't want my name to be associated with this turd of a film either) the invisible maniac is real bottom of the barrel stuff. the script by rifkin, sorry coogan & tony markes is awful. it tries to be a teenage sex/comedy/horror hybrid that just fails in every department. for a start the sex is nothing more than a few female shower scenes & a few boob shots, not much else i'm afraid & the birds in the invisible maniac aren't even that good looking. the comedy is lame & every joke misses by the proverbial mile, this is the kind of film that thinks someone fighting an invisible man or having henry (jason logan) a mute man trying to make a phone call is funny. the invisible maniac makes the police academy (1984 - 1994) series of films look like the pinnacle of sophistication! as for the horror aspect that too is lame. it's also an incredibly slow (it takes over half an hour before dornwinkles even becomes invisible), dull, predictable, boring & has highly annoying & unlikable teenage character's.director rifkin or coogan or whatever does absolutely nothing to try & make the invisible maniac an even slightly enjoyable experience. there's no scares, tension or atmosphere & as a whole the film is a real chore to sit through. he does nothing with the invisibility angle, just a few doors opening on their own is as adventurous as it gets. there is very little gore or violence, a bit of splashing blood, a few strangulations & the only decent bit in the whole film when someone has their head blown off with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at the time & we only get to see the headless torso afterwards.the budget must have been low, & i mean really low because this is one seriously cheap looking film. dornwinkles laboratory is basically two jars on his bedside cabinet! when he escapes from the mental institution he has all of one dog sent after him & the entire school has about a dozen pupils & two teachers. the invisible maniac is a poorly made film throughout it's 85 minute duration, i spotted the boom mike on at least one occasion... lets just say the acting is of a low standard & leave it at that.the invisible maniac is crap, plain & simple. i found no redeeming features in it at all, there are so many more better films out there you can watch so there is no reason whatsoever to waste your time on this rubbish. definitely one to avoid.

why is this show so popular? it's beyond me why people like it. i think it's one of the worst sitcoms out there. because it's so popular, i've tried more than once to watch it and i can't make it through an entire episode.for one thing, the acting is horrible. everybody is overacting to the point where it's annoying to watch. they talk in unnatural voices, use unnatural tones, and have unnatural body language. i've seen better acting in a kindergarten school play.for another thing, it's not funny. the plots are dull. they're not creative, intelligent, or funny. shouldn't a sitcom be funny?? why am i not laughing?lastly, what is seventies about this? it's about as authentic to the seventies as "happy days" was to the fifties.oh and what is up with ashton kutcher? who cast this untalented dweeb? and now he's making movies?? oh, save us all!if people think this is quality television, it worries me.

as someone who lived through,and still remembers that decade vividly,if the actual '70s had been half this funny and (semi)normal,they would have been so much more enjoyable.actual kids in that era did not act or behave anything close to as bright-eyed and normal as these kids did.the country's youth was still under the influence of the hippies and the drug culture all that '60s rebellion that it spawned,especially in the behavior department;the petulance,the smugness,the self-righteousness,the childishness,the unreasonableness of them - none of the characters exhibit any of that.someone compared to "happy days",and i can see why:they were both sitcoms that take place 20 years before the current time they were broadcast,and they both offer only surface ,cliched depictions of the actual eras,not even close to the full scope of it,just showing the obvious things - the fashions,toys,music,contraptions,etc,and that's it.for those too young to remember,or weren't born then,trust me,the '70s weren't like that,any more than "happy days" were like the actual '50s,as "m*a*s*h*" didn't accurately portray life at a us army medical base during the korean war,etc.

i've tried to watch this show several times, but for a show called "that '70s show," i don't find much apart from a few haircuts and the occasional reference to disco that actually evokes the '70s -- the decade in which i grew up. of the episodes i have seen, most of the plots and jokes could be set in any time period. take away the novelty of (supposedly) being set in the '70s, and the show is neither interesting nor funny.if you're looking for a show that more successfully represents the experience of youth in america in the '70s, in my humble opinion you can do no better than "the wonder years."

i have never understood the appeal of this show. the acting is poor (debra jo rupp being a notable exception), the plots of most episodes are trite and uninspiring, the dialogue is weak, the jokes unfunny and it is painful to try and sit through even half an episode. furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny, clichéd scripts that modern sitcoms have dressed up as depicting a show from twenty years ago in the hope that it will gain some nostalgic viewers or something like that. both "happy days" and "the wonder years" employ the same technique much more effectively and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible, pathetic excuse for a show

you have to admire brad sykes even if you don't particularly want to, a man who churns out budget horror after budget horror to less than enthusiastic receptions. but keeps on doing it all the same. even the half-hearted praise than surrounds his camp blood films is given grudgingly and i'm as guilty of this as anyone. brad normally manages to throw something interesting into the mix, a neat idea, a kooky character, whatever, but without the funds to take it further than base level, he relies on the audience to cut him some slack and appreciate it for what it is and what it could be. joe haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as ebenezer jackson and its a credit to sykes that he can sense that this oddball turn is going to work within the framework of the film. coming to a multiplex near you, in a parallel universe, somewhere.

i caught this film on azn on cable. it sounded like it would be a good film, a japanese "green card". i can't say i've ever disliked an asian film, quite the contrary. some of the most incredible horror films of all time are japanese and korean, and i am a huge fan of john woo's hong kong films. i an not adverse to a light hearted films, like tampopo or chung king express (two of my favourites), so i thought i would like this. well, i would rather slit my wrists and drink my own blood than watch this laborious, badly acted film ever again.i think the director steven okazaki must have spiked the water with quaalude, because no one in this film had a personality. and when any of the characters did try to act, as opposed to mumbling a line or two, their performance came across as forced and incredibly fake. i honestly did not think that anyone had ever acted before...the only person who sounded genuine was brenda aoki.. i find it amazing that this is promoted as a comedy, because i didn't laugh once. even more surprising is that cbs morning news called this "a refreshing breath of comedy". it was neither refreshing, nor a breath of comedy. and the ending was very predictable, the previous reviewer must be an idiot to think such things.avoid this film unless you want to see a boring predictable plot line and wooden acting. i actually think that "spike of bensonhurst" is a better acted film than this...and i walked out half way through that film!

*** may contain spoilers. *** if living on tokyo time were some bold experiment where real-life wanna-be actors were given film parts on the condition that they would be required to take a combination of powerful prescription anti-anxiety, anti-depression, and anti-psychotic medications (this is the classic psych ward combo that renders patients into drooling zombies) all during filming, then this movie would hold far more interest. or, if the film production was another type of experiment where all of the actors were sleep deprived before and during filming, then tokyo time could be more easily explained.as it is, this film is filled with lifeless, low-energy actors. in the scene where the new husband was sitting on the stairs talking with his sister, it appeared that he was having trouble keeping his eyes open. in almost every scene he speaks his lines sitting down with every part of his body motionless. from beginning to end, his facial expression is best described as "near sleep."fret not about the actors speaking over each other's lines because these actors can barely finish droning out any lines of dialog. everyone speaks with a depressing, monotone voice. no laughing. no yelling. no vigor. no one has energy enough to crack a smile. the result: complete and total boredom.and it does not help matters that the direction is simple and amateurish.avoid this lifeless film at all costs. better to watch greencard which has a similar plot and has charm and energy. or, for an unconventional japanese romance story, check out the long vacation which has an ample amount of everything living on tokyo time does not.

happy go lovely is a waste of everybody's time and talent including the audience. the lightness of the old-hat mistaken identity and faux scandal plot lines is eminently forgivable. very few people watched these movies for their plots. but, they usually had some interesting minor characters involved in subplots -- not here. they usually had interesting choreography and breathtaking dancing and catchy songs. not happy go lovely. and vera-ellen as the female lead played the whole movie as a second banana looking desperately for a star to play off it -- and instead she was called upon to carry the movie, and couldn't do it. the scottish locale was wasted. usually automatically ubiquitous droll scottish whimsy is absent. the photography was pedestrian. the musical numbers were pedestrian. cesar romero gives his usual professional performance, chewing up the scenery since no one else was doing his part, in the type of producer role essayed frequently by walter abel and adolph menjou. david niven is just fine, and no one could do david niven like david niven. at the end of the day, if you adore niven as i do, it's reason enough to waste 90 minutes on happy go lovely. if not, skip it.

"happy go lovely" has only two things going for it. and those two things are vera-ellen's legs. this is a british (excelsior films) version of an m-g-m musical complete with second tier stars. i would imagine that vera-ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star. but, i'm sorry to say, ms. ellen's chance did not pay off.opening with a horrible scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune, this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy. the predictable mistaken identity plot is very thin, and with the exception of david niven, cesar romero (who is way over the top in his role of a producer) and bobby howes (who is totally wasted in a nothing role) the rest of the cast is totally forgettable.the choreography is boring, but ms. ellen gives it her all. she was never as famous as most of the other musical stars(and she shouldn't be since she couldn't sing and even had a "dancing stand in" in several of her pictures". but when she did dance, it was just entrancing.it's too bad that this film that could have made her a star did not give her the tools she needed to shine.4 out of 10

the oddly-named vera-ellen was to movie dancing what sonja henie was to movie ice-skating: blonde, girlish, always delightful to watch, but not an especially good actress and usually lumbered with weak material. when i watch vera-ellen's sexy apache dance with gene kelly in 'words and music', i can't help noticing that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made out of the south vietnam flag. for some reason, the very american vera-ellen starred in *two* musicals (made several years apart) set in edinburgh, a city not noted for its tap-dancers: 'let's be happy' and 'happy go lovely'.in the latter, cesar romero plays an american impresario who for some reason is staging a musical in edinburgh. there's a vague attempt to link this show to the edinburgh festival, which is nonsense: the festival is not a showcase for splashy leg-shows. we also see a couple of stock shots of the royal mile: apart from a few highland accents, there's absolutely no attempt to convey scottish atmosphere in this movie. the funniest gag occurs at the very beginning, when we learn that the title of romero's show is 'frolics to you': this is a cheeky pun that britons will get and yanks won't.vera-ellen is, as usual, cute and appealing and an impressive dancer, but the very few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. the plot -- mistaken identity between magnate david niven and reporter gordon jackson -- is brainless, though no more so than the plots of several dozen hollywood musicals. romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (for once) he isn't required to convince us that he's interested in bedding the heroine.the single biggest offence of this movie is its misuse of bobby howes. the father of sally ann howes was a major star of west end stage musicals; his wistful rendition of "she's my lovely" was a big hit in britain in 1937. here, he shows up in several scenes as romero's dogsbody but never has a chance to participate in a musical number, nor even any real comedy. it's absolutely criminal that this movie -- with a title containing the word 'lovely', sure to evoke howes's greatest hit -- would cast a major british musical star but give him nothing to do!the delightful character actress ambrosine phillpotts (whom i worked with once) shines in one restaurant sequence, and there's a glimpse of the doomed beauty kay kendall. as vera-ellen's confidante, somebody named diane hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices i've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate joan greenwood and glynis johns both at the same go, but doesn't match either. val guest has a story credit, but this movie doesn't come up to the quality of his brilliant comedies. the colour photography is wretched, though i realise that postwar britain could not afford hollywood's process work. 'happy go lovely' is at utmost best a pleasant time-waster, with 'waster' being the operative word. i'll rate this movie just 4 out of 10.

..oh wait, i can! this movie is not for the typical film snob, unless you want to brush up on your typical cinematic definitions, like "continuity editing" and "geographic match". i couldn't tell where i was in this movie. one second they're in the present, next minute their supposedly in the 70's driving a modern suv and wearing what looked like to me as 80's style clothing. i think. i couldn't pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible. i think it only got attention because it has a 3d which i did not watch. if you're a b-movie buff, and by b-movie i mean bad movie, then this film is for you. it's home-movie and all non-sense style will keep you laughing for as long as you can stay awake. if your tastes are more for goddard and antonioni, though, just skip this one.

oh dear. i was so disappointed that this movie was just a rip-off of japan's ringu. well, i guess the u.s. made their version of it as well, but at least it was an outright remake. so, so sad. i very much enjoy watching filipino movies and know some great things can come out of such a little country, so i can't believe this had to happen. claudine and kris are such big names there, surprised they would be affiliated with plagiarism. to any aspiring movie makers out there in the philippines: you do not have to stoop this low to make money. there are many movie buffs that are watching the movies filipinos put out and enjoying them!

silly, simplistic, and short, gun crazy (volume 1: a woman from nowhere) goes nowhere.this brief (just over sixty minutes) tale isn't so much inspired by the classic spaghetti westerns as it is a rip-off of sam raimi's the quick & the dead (his admitted homage to the spaghetti westerns) brought into a contemporary setting. in quick & dead, sharon stone's character seeks revenge against the dastardly sheriff (played by gene hackman) who, when she was but an urchin, placed the fate of her father (a brief cameo by gary sinise) in her hands; she accidentally shot him through the head. in gun crazy, saki (played by the nimble ryoko yonekura) seeks revenge against the dastardly mr. tojo (played with minimalist appeal by shingo tsurumi), who, when she was but an urchin, placed the fate of her father in her hands; she let her foot slip off the clutch, and dear ole dad was drawn and quartered by a semi truck. the only significant difference, despite the settings, is the fact that tojo sadistically cripples saki with … well, i won't spoil that for you in case you decide to watch it.in short, saki – a pale imitation of the clint eastwood's 'man with no name' – rides into the town – basically, there's a auto shop and a tavern alongside an american military base, so i guess that suffices for a town – corrupted by tojo, the local crimelord with a ridiculously high price on his head for reasons never explained or explored. confessing her true self as a bounty hunter, saki takes on the local gunmen in shootouts whose choreography bares more than a passing similarity to the works of johnny to and john woo. of course, by the end of the film saki has endured her fair amount of torture at the hands of the bad guys, but she rises to the occasion – on her knees, in a laughable attempt at a surprise ending – and vanquishes all of her enemies with a rocket launcher.don't ask where she gets the rocket launcher. just watch it for yourself. try not to laugh.the image quality is average for the dvd release. there is a grainy quality to several sequences, but, all in all, this isn't a bad transfer. the sound quality leaves a bit to the imagination at times, but, again, it isn't a bad transfer.rather, it's a bad film.

chances are if i watched this again i might get physically sick, the film is so annoying.....unless you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. the "re-cycling of souls," they call it here. puh-leeze.this story has been done several times before with such films as "heaven can wait." it's also been done a lot better. too bad they had to waste the talents of robert downey jr., cybill shepherd, ryan o'neal and mary stuart masterson.at least it's a pretty tame film, language-wise. that's about the only redeeming quality of this movie.

'chances are' a big mistake to see. you could know director emile ardolino from 'dirty dancing' and 'sister act' and should expect something amusing from him. but i guess i have to disillusion you. he made a really, really bad movie.according to the story christopher mcdonald dies to reburn as a baby. the baby grows up robert downey jr, and jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, mary stuart masterson (complicated, huh?).they fall in love with each other. then appears jr former wife, cybill shepherd, and jr falls in love with her too. i guess i don't even have to mention that she loves ryan o'neil.in one of his first roles robert downey jr's on his worst. he copies michael j fox.after the 'moonlighting' shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies.anyway, there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used: as antidote to insomnia.

predictable plot. simple dialogue. shockingly unemotional performances. but robert downey, jr. is so cute, i gave this "poor man's afternoon special" a 3 instead of the 1 or 2 it so richly deserved.

first i liked that movie. it seemed to me a nice comedy with some silly moments. the costume designer albert wolsky did his best!!! the same as wonderful set decorator robert r. benton - this man really had a very good taste!!! but the script writers disappointed me extremely. the best ending would be the scene on the ladder, but instead of it, they decided that the father and his daughter should be together. don't like the ending. the father becomes boyfriend of his own daughter and his ex-wife knows about it and finds it alright. it would be ok, if the scriptwriters would for example say that now there is a different soul in the body, but they did not, they only deprived him of memories. the actors were good, they were really funny. cybill shepherd was charming, robert downey jr. was very funny in the dancing scene : )))... but some of the moments spoil even the impression of good acting. for example, corinne jeffries, played by cybill shepherd after the death of her husband was waiting for him 23 years (it's a long time!), she was true to him, she loved nobody but him, and when she met him and was just about making love to him, after a scene with her friend philip train (ryan o'neal), she very easily betrayed the man she was longing for so many years!!! it would be a good movie, if not the ending and some missed human psychology.

films starring child actors put themselves on the back foot from the very beginning. while there are some exceptions, the majority of kids just cant act and even the ones that can normally become annoying after a few minutes. the kids in paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as they're both very annoying and they don't have an ounce of acting ability between them. in short; they're rubbish. this isn't good considering that they're the leads, and it especially isn't good when you consider the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the rubbish actors. it's a shame that this film is such a dead loss as the plot isn't (not completely). it follows a young girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world that she has created. it soon becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, and so sets about making various changes, until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare. oh dear.as you can see, this plot line gives a nice base for a good fantasy horror movie. however, it is squandered through a number of fatal faults. first and foremost, in spite of the premise being an excellent premise for lots of inventiveness; the movie is extremely stale. the central plot is hardly played with at all, and the result is an entirely boring experience. the lack of tension is another huge gaping flaw in the movie, as it sees fit to drag every sequence out to a point that you just don't care any more (which is due to a lack of ideas). thanks in part to it's lead characters, the film feels like a kids movie throughout. this is to be expected as it stars kids, but bernard rose should have decided the slant that he wanted to put on the story; as the horror in the movie is laughable at best. the film is also very cheesy, and the 'romance' between the two leads is extremely cringe-worthy, and makes for very painful viewing. in fact, if i had to sum this travesty up in one word, i would choose 'painful'. paperhouse is poorly acted, laughably plotted, very corny and dull on the whole. save yourself the pain, see something else.

in 1988, paperhouse was hailed as a "thinking man's horror film." wow, you might say, sign me up. this thing is a mess. it features a one time young actress who has a range of like 1 to 2. g. headley with a bad british (dubbed) accent, and a story with no chills, thrills or spills.it isn't even interesting psycho-babble. one will only laugh at its cheap effects and long for a showing of leprechaun 5.the story involves a girl with glandular fever who escapes in her dreams. what you get isn't good horror, art house or even a decent after-school special. i found myself after the two hour point saying..where did my two hours go.the direction is uninspired and i wished it could even be pretentious...something interesting..it seems like the producers were on lithium.even in the dream world things are boring.a short no on this one.

an intriguing premise of hand-drawn fantasy come to life in a child's fever dreams. however, i imagine the average nonfictional child is far more adept at scaring themselves than bernard rose is at riveting the viewer. the duel between anna's two realities drags on far too long to sustain interest, especially considering that the little girl playing her is the most abrasive child actor i've ever seen.use only for kindling.

i was rooting for this film as it's a remake of a 1970s children's tv series "escape into night" which, though chaotic and stilted at times was definitely odd, fascinating and disturbing. the acting in "paperhouse" is wooden, unintentionally a joke. the overdubs didn't add tension they only reinforced that i was sat watching a botch. casting exasperated the dreary dialogue which resulted in relationships lacking warmth, chemistry or conviction. as in most lacklustre films there are a few good supporting acts these people should be comforted, consoled and reassured that they will not be held responsible. out of all the possible endings the most unexpected was chosen ... lamer than i could have dreamt."escape into night" deserves a proper remake, written by someone with life experience and directed with a subtle mind.

i have not seen many low budget films i must admit, but this is the worst movie ever probably, the main character the old man talked like, he had a lobotomy and lost the power to speak more than one word every 5 seconds, a 5 year old could act better. the story had the most awful plot, and well the army guy had put what he thought was army like and then just went over the top, i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was, and hoped it was leading onto the real movie. i cant believe it was under the 2 night rental thing at blockbusters, instead of a please take this for free and get it out of our sight. i think there was one semi decent actor other than the woman, i think the only thing ok with the budget was the make up, but they show every important scene of the film in the beginning music bit. awful simply awful.

normally i'm not the sort to be scared by horror movies, but this movie is the exception. some how this movie got into my mind!!! it is a very simple movie but at the same time extremelly effective, it has great atmosphere and this leads to some shocking moments, the girls father coming down the hill is a real standout. another seen was the family photo i wasn't expecting that and i jumped out my seat!!! i would recommend everyone to see this movie, with the lights out it will stay with you for a long time!!!!!

after reading some very good reviews about this film i thought i would give it a watch and after being very disappointed with the film i thought i would give it my own review. this is my first ever so bare with me.first of all i would scratch horror from the genre as in no way is it horrific or scary in the slightest (with the exception of a few feeble attempts to make you jump unfortunately one of which worked on me.) i would say that calling this film a thriller is pushing it as i wasn't particularly thrilled either! the film is about a spoiled mischievous girl who faints a few times. during these times she visits a house which she has been drawing, after each visit she decides to add something else to the house to make it a bit more lively one of the features being a sad little boy who is also ill in reality. as she befriends the boy she realises that her imaginary world that she created is actually better than the real world that she is in. until she adds her constantly away father to the house, due to a misdrawing her dad turns out to be evil and her and the boy must escape from his clutches.think its an attempt to be a slightly more mellow version of a nightmare on elm street but is more like a trip to the beach.in conclusion my generous 3/10 will hopefully stop at least one of you from watching this drab!

this was a disappointing horror film about a snotty young girl and her nightmares. for a horror or "thriller" film and hype, it's way too tame. there are only a few tense moments in here, not anywhere as near as many as should have been for a film of this genre. even those "tense" scenes weren't much. the music made them more dramatic that they actually were.there is a lot of symbolism in here, so the elitist critics label this "a thinking person's horror film." well, if they think about it, i'm sure they will come to the same conclusion i did - a waste of money at the video rental store.summary: a yawner that offers an unlikeable lead character and generally poor acting. vastly overrated and certainly not what it is advertised.

this typically melodramatic bollywood film has inexplicably become a favorite of western critics. the script is ludicrous, the acting is over-the-top, and it looks cheesy. the only reasons for watching this soap opera are the wonderful songs sung by mangeshkar and the curtain call of the legendary meena kumari. watching the actress, who was ill during the filming and would drink herself to death at age 40 shortly after the film was released, has the same fascination as watching a train wreck. her ex-husband, amrohi, wrote and directed, but lacks the competency to execute either task well. bollywood has produced far better films.

this movie sounded like it might be entertaining and interesting from its description. but to me it was a bit of a let down. very slow and hard to follow and see what was happening. it was as if the filmmaker took individual pieces of film and threw them in the air and had them spliced together whichever way they landed (definitely not in sequential order). also, nothing of any consequence was being filmed. i have viewed quite a few different korean films and have noticed that a good portion are well made and require some thinking on the viewer's part, which is different from the typical hollywood film. but this one befuddled me to no end. i viewed the film a second and third time and it still didn't do anything for me. i still don't really understand what the filmmaker was trying to convey. if it was to just show a typical mundane portion of a person's life, i guess he succeeded. but i was looking for more. needless to say, i can't recommend this movie to anyone.

i saw this director's "woman on the beach" and could not understand the good to great reviews. this film is much like that one, two people who are caught in a relationship with very little dynamic and even less interest to anyone else. like his other films, you have to want to listen to vacuous dialog, wade through very little and become enchanted with underwritten, pretty uninteresting characters. if you feel you can like this film, don't let my review stop you. i do like minimalism in films, but i feel tsai ming-liang's films are far superior. he has a fairly terrific actor in lee kang-sheng in his films. there is nothing here. i wish iu liked it, but i don't. oh, well.

i honestly can't believe what passes for entertainment now. death (and making fun of death), violence, sexual innuendo, adults threatening children, crudeness, alcohol abuse by minors, drug theft, dysfunctional parents, babysitter from hell, stereotypical jokes about african americans, police and fat people, and kids sneaking out of the house in the middle of the night - yup, sure sounds like a kids movie to me - not!!! add to that the dark and scary elements - a dead woman possessing and turning into a house and keeping her loving husband a prisoner inside for over 20 years, and also terrorizing an entire neighborhood - how sweet for kids. parents - is this really what you want your kids to be watching - is this what you want to teach them about life?!this movie is too scary for young kids, and i'm afraid that teens today may be living some of this movie scenario - so why rub it in their faces? as for an adult audience - you won't find it scary or amusing - just boring, contrived and predictable. and the characters are just wrong - clueless parents, ignorant police, stupid and annoying friends, nasty and manipulative babysitters, and beer drinking/womanizing boyfriends. what great material for kids - does this really sound like a children's movie to anyone? even the computer animation and good voice work aren't enough to redeem this terrible flick. save your money, save your time, and save your children's minds - go rent ice age, monsters inc., the incredibles, shrek, a bug's life - any of them are way better than this horrid film. spielberg and zemeckis - shame on both of you for making such a disaster and then billing it as a children's/family movie!!

i'm grateful for one thing and one thing only - that this woman will now be thousands of miles away on an entirely different continent!!! yay!!! this programme summed up perfectly just how obsessed victoria beckham has become with whoring herself and her family out to the media in the name of self promotion and 'brand f*cking beckham'.a few years ago i used to really like 'posh and becks', i still very much admire david's talent, but i have no respect for him anymore. how can you respect someone who has his wife's hand shoved up his backside working him like a puppet.it was clear the hand of victoria was all over beckham's premature departure from manchester united and now the same thing has happened at real madrid. i hope beckham can live with the fact that although he may be earning squillions of pounds - he's sold his soul for the american buck and will end his days playing for a team who would struggle to gain promotion from division one in england (no offence america - but at baseball and basketball you rule - football you don't!) anyway - i digress. it's been years since i've seen such an over-the-top, entirely false performance from 'posh' - this being topped only during her cringe worthy red carpet performances following the rebecca loos 'debacle', when instead of throwing all the cr*p at david he deserved, she desperately clung onto his arm trying to save the million pound money-spinner her marriage has become.this whole pr stunt was pathetic. why can't she just go over there quietly, support her husband through the biggest mistake of his professional career and keep her head down? when did she become so full of self importance that she feels the move to america should be shrouded by this huge fan fare? incidentally, i saw the david beckham documentary last night. at least he has retained a sliver of grace and humility. two things his wife could do with learning.one more thing victoria - you complain about constantly being hounded by the paps. little hint - stop tipping them off about your whereabouts you stupid woman.good luck america!!

posh spice victoria beckham and her alleged new adventures after just moving to la for work purposes (footballer hubby david is now a galaxy la player after his transfer from real madrid) was originally going to be a full series,but was thankfully abridged to just one hour or so.but even in this form,it is still numbingly interminable.like virtually all 'reality' tv shows,most of the incident comes across as blatantly faked,with the programme itself even admitting that posh's newly appointed personal assistant is an actress.an ugly-betty lookalike,we hear some lamely written and performed banter early on(with an obvious joke about becks' apparent dalliance with a previous,and rather more glamorous pa rebecca loos,though her name is not mentioned) with further sequences involving a fake blow-up doll to trick the paparazzi and hopeless attempts to pitch a baseball.this could have been more entertaining if all had acknowledged it was a piece of fluff,and had an actress or impersonator in the lead role.talented impressionist ronni ancona would've been perfect and is better at being posh than posh herself is,and if this more sensible decision had been taken,much more fun and amusement would've ensued.sadly,we are left with the real thing here (ms ancona may have rejected the script as too weak anyway),and although there are odd scattered attempts at self-deprecation and irony,it never remotely works because of prior info of la beckham's considerable wealth beforehand,and her non-ability at delivering would-be jokes;despite the intentions to send up her image,mrs beckham comes across as a shallow egotist,and her weak one-liners don't persuade us she has any humorous self-awareness.i suspect that if a more realistic fly-on-the-wall documentary approach had been taken,namely posh walking down any street in la and being totally ignored (instead of the frantic,staged scenes of mild hysteria on show here), and associates making unscripted jibes about the previously mentioned ms loos,this would've made marginally better tv,but being sycophantic pr material,the bony one herself would never allow such events to happen.having said that,the later scenes where she made a special appearance at the baseball stadium where she was indifferently presented in front of an uninterested crowd show it will be tough times ahead if she wants to make it big in hollywood.her colleague scary spice (aka mel brown) also found it impossible to make it big residing in the movie capital despite her affair (which was not consummated) with big name eddie murphy.the spice girls were of course a massively successful bubblegum pop group in the mid 1990's,more so in their native britain but still popular briefly in other countries,including the us.they were certainly good fun at their peak of glory (1997) when there seemed to be a glorious period of optimism in the uk with cool britannia and a new labour government which the spice girls seemed to sum up better then anyone else at the time,even if it was somewhat manufactured.but they were never outstanding musical or singing talents,and uk optimism seemed to fade rapidly later that year (the starting point was arguably the tragic death of princess diana),as did the spices' themselves.their presence on the music and entertainment scene soon became repetitive and obvious,and if they had all quietly moved out of the public eye permanently with dignity to enjoy their fortunes, then we would have all had pleasant memories encrypted on our mind without any guilt.unfortunately,the emergence of the hideous 'celebrity' culture in the uk towards the start of the millennium has put paid to those imaginings,and we have all suffered thousands,if not millions of stories about the spices since,posh being the worst offender,with the rest of her colleagues not too far behind.it was recently announced that there will be a reunion tour soon,which is baffling as they have never gone away and they certainly don't require any additions to their swelling bank accounts.maybe it's because two of them are struggling single mothers,perhaps?good,it's soon time for becks' adventures on a revelatory documentary next,i can hardly wait.............rating:2 out of 10.

this 1974 naschy outing is directed by leon klimovsky, and a cursory glance at the publicity photos and packaging might lead you to believe that this medieval romp lies somewhere between "inquisition" and "sadomania". sadly not.this is a strictly pg affair with tame torture sequences, no nudity and little edge at all. naschy (of whom i am a fan) struts his stuff as gilles de lancre, "antiguo mariscal de la nacion". sadly he is more pantomime villain than anything else. one gets the feeling with this film that we have seen him (and it) done all before. strictly therefore for naschy completest only.

despite the (english) title, this seems to have little to do with devils and much more to do with a power hungry ruler who seeks the philospher's stone & wants gold made from lead (& virgin's blood). jacinto molina plays gilles de lancre and seems to have little issue with having people put to death when he thinks they threaten his position or when he needs virgins for their blood. he's basically egged on by his lady love and an alchemist that he's employed and it's more greed and insanity that seems to be his problem than demonic possession (unfortunately). there are parts that are at least somewhat exciting like jousting and grown men trying to knock each other down with big sticks, and the film at least has a good look to it, but otherwise there's little about this to recommend. little in the way of gore and nothing to be afraid of at all, and most unusual, for a molina/naschy film, not really any unintentional humor. therefore, 4 out of 10.

not the greatest film to remember paul naschy by.gaston (guillermo bredeston) is probably the worst swordsman i have ever seen. zorro would be ashamed! his only salvation came as the competition was just as bad.this film is described as adventure and horror. forget the horror - there is none. no nudity, no blood, no monsters; just a robin hood adventure against an evil baron (paul naschy) who wants to be king.the main feature of the film was seeing graciela nilson, who only made four films in two years and disappeared to our regrettable loss. where did she go?

i tend to love everything the great late paul naschy (r.i.p.) ever was in. while not all films starring naschy are great, they all have a specific charm that can be found nowhere but in naschy-flicks, and they are always entertaining. there is no rule without exception, however, as "el mariscal del infierno" aka. "the devil's possessed" (1974) proves. while the film does have the specific naschy-flick-charm, it sadly drags far too much and gets really, really dull in-between. naschy stars as the evil baron gilles de lancré, who oppresses the people and uses black magic and bloody rituals to stay in power. when gaston de malebranche (guillermo bredeston), who fought side by side with gilles de lancré against the british, learns about the baron's evil behavior, he decides to turn against his former comrade in arms and help the people free themselves from the satanic baron's tyranny...directed by león klimovsky, who is best known for directing naschy in "la noche de walpurgis" ("the werewolf vs. the vampire woman", 1971), the film was scripted by naschy himself. naschy often scripted his own films, and one must say that he mostly did a better, more original job than it is the case here. "el mariscal del infierno" is mostly built up as a historical adventure rather than a horror film, and it gets quite boring throughout the middle. it often resembles the sword and sandal films from the 50s, only that this film is set in medieval times. the satanic part was probably only added because the great paul naschy's name is linked to the horror genre. the film has its good parts: paul naschy giving weird speeches, paul naschy looking weird, paul naschy doing satanic stuff, paul naschy torturing innocent victims, etc. but sadly, most of the film concentrates on the boring hero and the good guys, and these moments are boring. the female cast members are nice to look at, but, unlike most naschy films, this one features no nudity and sleaze. there is some gore, but it mostly looks clumsy and isn't as fun too look at as it is the case with most other naschy films. overall, "el mariscal del infierno" is only worth a look for my fellow naschy-enthusiasts. there are dozens of films starring the spanish horror deity which should be seen before this one, such as "el jorobado de la morgue" ("the hunchback of the morgue", 1973), "la orgia de los muertos" ("the hanging woman", 1973), "el espanto surge de la tumba" ("horror rises from the tomb", 1973), "latidos de panico" ("panic beats", 1983), "rojo sangre" (2004), or any of the 'waldemar daninsky' werewolf films. r.i.p. paul naschy. legends never die!

it's rare that i feel a need to write a review on this site, but this film is very deserving because of how poorly it was created, and how bias its product was.i felt a distinct attempt on the part of the film-makers to display the palestinian family as boorish and untrustworthy. we hear them discuss the sadness that they feel from oppression, yet the film is shot and arranged in a way that we feel the politically oppressed population is the jewish israeli population. we see no evidence that parallels the position of the palestinian teenager. we only hear from other palestinians in prison. i understand restrictions are in place, but the political nature of the restrictions are designed to prevent peace.i came out of the film feeling that the mother of the victim was selfish in her mourning and completely closed minded due to her side of the fence, so to speak. she continued to be unwilling to see the hurt of the bomber's parents, and her angry and closed-minded words caused the final meeting to spiral out of control. it is more realistic, in my mind, to see the israeli mindset to be a root of the problem; ignored pleas for understanding and freedom, ignored requests for acknowledgment for the process by which the jewish population acquired the land.i have given this a two because of these selfish weaknesses of the mother, which normally would be admirable in a documentary, however in the light of the lack of impartiality, it all seems exploitative. also for the poor edits, lack of background in the actual instance, and finally the lack of proper representation of the palestinian side. ultimately, it is a poor documentary and a poor film. i acknowledge this is partially the result of the political situation, but am obliged to note the flaws in direction regardless of the heart-wrenching and sad subject matter.

i am generally more willing to be open minded about rom coms than many, but this was simply not a very good attempt. its got nothing to do with comparisons with the british original -- have not seen, and doubt i will. it has a whole lot to do with a meandering plot, lack of chemistry between the leads and a godawful performance/character from its supposed male lead (jimmy fallon).fallon walks onto the screen wearing the clothes and hairdo of a 15 year old and acting a decade younger than that. he's supposed to be a teacher you see, and of course its well known that school districts the world over love to hire individuals less mature than the children they purport to teach. the character is so extremely disturbed and irrational that i have my doubts whether any actor could have made him likable, but old reliables like john cusack or adam sandler might have been able to give it a shot. not fallon, who is neither funny, nor an actor, but appears to think he is both. not once in the entire course of the movie do you either believe fallon in his role, or believe that there is any way these two people should, or would be together. near the end of the movie there is a scene where barrymore (who was cute as usual but could not carry this one alone -- its hard to have a one person romance) tells fallon that its over, too much has happened, and she's moving on. and rather than feeling bad about the scene, or sorry for fallon, you are actively cheering her on -- finally she does what she should have done months ago. but of course the plot mechanics won't allow that to be the end of it (an end which actually might have made a statement out of this mess), and instead we get to see the rational career girl throwing it all away to chase after this childish idiot and encourage his delusions. its of course meant to be gooey and satisfying, but it actually made me more disgusted than anything else.

the filming crew did not have good access to the occupied territories, so filming of the israeli side dominated. i was struck by the nearly completely opposite points of view of the mothers. the israeli mother lost a child who had the possibility of a life of tremendous happiness. the palestinian mother lost a child who had only the possibility of a life of privation and despair. with such completely different viewpoints, any meeting had no real chance of any meeting of the minds. the word "peace" did not have the same meaning to each of them. peace to the palestinian was freedom. peace to the israeli was security. with such an abyss, is this sort of film really worth much? i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda -- both sides were unconvincing.

it's pretty clear that the director and production crew set out to paint a less than flattering picture of the palestinian girl and her family. the film and it's website tries to imply that ayat has a secret reason for blowing herself and rachel up- a boyfriend problem- perhaps pregnancy. neatly glossed over is the fact that ayat had herself just witnessed the death of a close friend at the hands of the israelis'-just outside her home. gosh,so why on earth would a young, pretty, intelligent girl with plans for college go and do such a thing? could it be that the hormonal, emotional teenager was traumatized by seeing seeing someone she loved die before her very eyes? this detail merits all of 5 seconds in the movie. another neatly sidestepped detail is that avigail levy, rachels' mother, could have prevented the destruction of the building the akhras family lived in(along with 22 other families). one distinctly gets the impression that she's offering this as a "concession" - should mrs. akhras agree to speak with her."why should i?" she says.(since the movie was made the home has been destroyed- apparently the interview didn't result in what she wanted- so bring on the bulldozers)mrs levy claimed that she "wanted the movie to be cathartic as well as a symbol of hope, a chance to transcend entrenched hatreds"- instead she uses it as an excuse to harangue ayats mother, while dangling the house as a carrot.moreover although the two women live only 4 miles apart, she is so out of touch with the realities of the occupation for her palestinian neighbors, that she really thinks that mrs. akhras can just drop over for a cup of coffee?please.and she forgoes the one chance she had to meet mrs. akhras in person and see what kind of life she lives.(the akras family originally came from jaffa, but now live crammed into a refugee camp only 4 miles from where the levys live in comparative luxury.any sympathy i would have had for the obviously well to do mrs. levy is dissolved by her air of self-righteous bitchiness.by contrast, ayats mother comes off as kind,forthright and loving- in spite of the best efforts by the post production crew to paint her and her family as monsters. heck even the music and sound design was one sided- i guess the muezzin sings all day every day 4 miles from the levy family home, always in a sharply contrasting key from the sappy new-age music that scores this drab excuse for a documentary.also there is the small matter of translations - mrs. levy directly addresses the camera in english when she has something worked out to say ahead of time, hebrew when she doesn't. mrs.akhras spoke only arabic which received sometimes a translation, sometimes transliteration, always awkward, and very suspect for a supposedly objective movie.they also "sweated" her under the lights, while mrs. levy sat in (air conditioned) comfort.rotten editing for mrs. akhras' segments too. i gave it a 2 because i liked ayats mother and father, who seemed like good decent people. shame on hbo, producers and director, for releasing such a stink-bomb.

alan alda plays real-life "sports illustrated" writer george plimpton, who was once invited to join the detroit lions football team as an honorary member. rather wan, uncompelling drama curiously tempered with fantasy. director alex march takes an interesting tack on this material, shooting it in a quasi-documentary fashion (with macho commentary) and yet giving the tale a touch of capraesque whimsy; still, by bringing out the cinematic flashiness in this set-up, he turns the main narrative into a jumble. alda's smug, uncharismatic performance is another handicap, though the supporting cast is filled with real-life pro-athletes (and scintillating lauren hutton as alda's girlfriend--how's that for a fantasy?). *1/2 from ****

bestselling writer george plimpton(alan alda)takes on an assignment for sports illustrated. he is to go incognito to the detroit lions training camp and try out for a position as third string quarterback. he is quickly found out by the team members featuring alex karras and mike lucci. the entire team finds it amusing to cause stumbling blocks in the writer's determination to quarterback for a series in a real game.this movie is alda's debut and also helped karras leave the gridiron for acting. besides the 1968 detroit lions, the cast also includes "sugar ray" robinson, roy schieder and lauren hutton.alex march directs this story based on plimton's book.

in one word... abysmal. i give it one star for the hippie sex scenes and eye candy women, otherwise forget it. corman's worst effort, bar none. ben vereen should have had his name permanently stricken from the cast. i cannot believe that this is now going to be on dvd (as of 2/15/05) with "wild in the streets" - another retro stinker. i woke up sick in bed this morning with a cold, decided to watch a movie to cheer me up some, scanned the digital channels... the premise looked interesting enough because i like viewing b-movie sci-fi, hippie culture and rebellious teen flicks. it seemed familiar somehow and with ben vereen in the cast, i thought... why not? what a big mistake... it was a horrible start to my day.only after viewing it, i now know why the familiarity crept into the recesses of my newly-awakened brain. i remembered seeing coming attractions for this film as a 14-year old (i'm 45), back in the early/mid-seventies at the sombrero, a local art theater that no longer exists... the whole theater laughed hysterically and even groaned out loud at how bad this movie looked. acting: dreadful, story: awful, cinematography: nearly-awful, music: terrible, sound: horrendous, directing: a joke. if you choose to watch this after my warning, remember... "i told you so.""gass-s-s-s" is the perfect title for this film... you feel "gassed" after viewing this putrid movie - or maybe that you should be taken to a "gas" chamber for wasting your brain away. i have seen homemade super 8 movies that put this film to shame. definitely a new addition to my all-time top ten worst films... it's up there (er, down there) with "tentacles." ted in gilbert, az

i don't hand out "ones" often, but if there was ever a film that deserved this sort of attention, it's "gas!" this is self-indulgent crap that reaches for some of the ambiance of m*a*s*h and falls completely flat on its face in the attempt.i see what corman was going for - malcolm marmorstein and elliott gould tried to reproduce gould's deathless role in the original movie version of m*a*s*h with a similar plot (in the movie "whiffs" - look it up here in imdb, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0073891/ for more information).marmorstein and gould got closer to the brass ring with "whiffs" than corman did with "gas!" but didn't quite get there. neither one of those films even got close to the success of m*a*s*h.what's wrong with "gas!"? what isn't? no one comes close to really acting at a level above junior high school theatrics. the production values stink. someone else here mentioned the magically regenerating headlights on a getaway car, and there's more of that lack of attention to detail. nothing works the way it's supposed to in this film, and nobody cares."gas!" actually put me to sleep. it's not a sure cure for insomnia, but really close. on the cinematic sleep induction scale, "gas!" falls somewhere between "last year at marienbad" and george clooney's remake of "solaris" (which itself was remarkable for being more boring than the mosfilm original, despite that studio's seeming unfamiliarity with the idea of keeping the audience's attention by judicious editing).judicious editing would have decimated "gas!" to about twenty minutes. the result would be pointless, but no more so than the original film.certain films are so bad that they have a compelling quality that makes them worth watching anyway. this isn't one of them. don't waste your time. it's not even amusingly bad.

roger corman is undeniably one of the most versatile and unpredictable directors/producers in history. he was single-handedly responsible for some of my favorite horror films ever (like the edgar allen poe adaptations "masque of the red death" and "pit and the pendulum") as well as some insufferably cheap and tacky rubbish quickies (like "creature from the haunted sea" and "she gods of the shark reef"). corman also made a couple of movies that are simply unclassifiable and – simply put – nearly impossible to judge properly. "the trip", for example, as well as this imaginatively titled "gas-s-s-s" can somewhat be labeled as psychedelic exploitation. in other words, they're incredibly strange hippie-culture influenced movies. half of the time you haven't got the slightest idea what's going on, who these characters are that walk back and forth through the screen and where the hell this whole thing is going. the plot is simply and yet highly effective: a strange but deadly nerve gas is accidentally unleashed and promptly annihilates that the entire world population over the age of 25. this *could* be the basic premise of an atmospheric, gritty and nail-bitingly suspenseful post-apocalyptic sci-fi landmark, but writer george armitage and roger corman decided to turn it into a "trippy" road-movie comedy. none of the characters is even trying to prevent their inevitable upcoming deaths; they just party out in the streets and found little juvenile crime syndicates. "gas-s-s-s" is a disappointingly boring and tries overly hard to be bizarre. the entire script appears to be improvised at the spot and not at all funny. definitely not my cup of tea, but the film does have a loyal fan base and many admirers, so who am i to say that it's not worth your time or money?

i think if you are into the sixties kind of thing, as i am, you are obligated to waste about 80 minutes of your life watching this barely watchable trainwreck. the saving graces of this oddity include a surprisingly apt social commentary on sixties values along with a number of relatively well known actors caught in early (and embarrassing) footage. it's as if the producers of laugh-in sat down and decided to write a full length film, covering all the high points (and more) of the issues between the flower children and the establishment, then put it in the hands of a couple of hippies and gave them about a $10,000 budget to complete it. hardly a classic, but in its own way it does capture how truly strange that time was, the silliness, the over-idealism, and the uptightness of the establishment. clearly not for everyone.

when i first popped in happy birthday to me, i checked the timer to see how long the film was. i was amazed at the length. both animated and horror films share a common ground: attention span of the selected audience and that should be at or right around 90 minutes. anything more, and you'll lose the bulk of your audience.this 110 minutes, or 20 minutes past its prime was a huge problem for me. i'd like to say half of this movie could've been edited out, but i would be too generous to say that. go ahead and watch it and tell me how many scenes could've been edited, even without being a film major.regardless of the overstayed visit, the movie was below mediocre. it spent all of its time trying to be this huge mystery on which of the "elite 10" is killing off the remaining friends. for the most part, they not only over-do it, but they zoom in on a face and pretty much say "it's this guy! no! it's this gal!" you'll spend more time with the camera misleading you than actually enjoying the movie. and don't get me started on the acting.okay, that got me started. i had to laugh in the beginning trying to remember if melissa sue anderson played the character that went blind on little house on the prairie (later, research proved my suspicions correct) because all the way through this movie, she genuinely looked blind. strange, as an established actress, she should've been the best of the group, but turned out the worst. the rest of the staff, aside from ann (bregman) was pretty damn bad, too, but she, uh, took the cake.the movie begins with a group of ten friends, and one's immediately killed off. barely anyone thinks twice of this "dear" friend's disappearance, so they continue on their merry way. slowly, then more rapidly, there are revelations about virginia's (anderson), the main character, past and her psychologist, who's a tad bit more personal (and on call 24/7, apparently) than most shrinks. all the while, more and more deaths occur.what's funny is, just as the first "disappearance," the more "best buds" vanish, the less the rest care. sure, they give a few seconds of air time to say "wow, (that person) just wouldn't run off" etc, but then they're back to their sexual ways. and speaking of which, it's probably due to the horrid script, or maybe it was i who was losing interest at minute 30, but it was really hard to keep up with who liked who of the group as they all seemed to be sexual partners of the next or someone would either be freaked out to the max by another and best friends the next scene. see: the creepy guy that kept a mouse/rat in his pocket – literally – and was the most obvious suspect. i'm giving the film too much credit (and time,) but how he became part of the "elite 10" i'll never know.but, i digress, there's a mystery here. why are these kids targets? why is virginia thinking she's killed someone, when it was never proved ('till the end) that any of them actually has been slaughtered? and why would the trailer and poster claim these killings to be "six of the most bizarre murders you will ever see"? hell, even for 1981, most of these had been shown in any of the first two friday the 13th films – coincidentally enough, friday the 13th part 2 was released 2 weeks to the day of happy birthday to me. perhaps, they're speaking of when they filmed it months prior, but were late to the, well, party.when the "secrets" are revealed, trust me, you'll have to rewind 3-4x to actually get the laughable and incoherent motives, and even then, put the subtitles on to get all the mumbling victim/killer's words. even if you get the first time, it's an unbelievably outrageous and hilarious finale. it's almost worth watching the whole movie again, but as a drinking game.this birthday gathering should be avoided. it's a horrible and illogical first draft script – please, please know it takes multiple rewrites before the cameras role, it contains either way under acting or extreme over acting and it's 100% unrealistic on how people react in extraordinary circumstances.side note: when i was a kid, or say 10-11 years old, i loved horror films. (still do, oddly. definite guilty pleasures, but they are getting harder and harder to watch as years pass.) we got our first vcr, and i taped as many horror films off network (or, edited versions) tv. all i remember of happy birthday to me is getting the last 10 minutes on tape, which scared me to death – and obviously gave away the big mystery on who the killer was. even though i have seen other clips of this movie, i think this is the first full-length viewing i've had. thankfully, this awful movie didn't wound me as a child. i am older now, and i can take this trash. but never again.side note 2: that said, that crazy "happy birthday to me" song played in the end credits (and as a score throughout) still creeps me out tremendously. i guess, this movie (or last few minutes,) did have an influence on my childhood. shame on you, melissa sue anderson!

i read this thornton wilder play last year in eighth grade. i was also forced to sit through this weak translation of it on screen. let me tell you, it's not a terrific play, it is easily surpassed, but man it deserves a much better shot. the acting was really lacking, the scenery-honest to god-looked like it was designed out of cardboard by a group of three-year-olds. as if it couldn't get worse, the sound quality is lousy...there is this mind-numbing 'buzz' whenever an actor speaks...and i also couldn't help but notice that the chemistry between george and emily, well, is non-existant. the actors all seem very uncomfortable to be there. there is no music. it is in black and white, which would be ok but it brings out the cheesiness of it all the more. in any case i think that if you're going to make a point of seeing this movie, which i don't really reccomend, then don't aim your hopes to high. the play, as stalwart as it is, is probably better.

"fever pitch" isn't a bad film; it's a terrible film.is it possible american movie audiences and critics are so numbed and lobotomized by the excrement that hollywood churns out that they'll praise to the skies even a mediocre film with barely any laughs? that's the only reason i can think of why this horrible romantic comedy (and i use that term loosely because there's nothing funny in this film) is getting good reviews.i sat through this film stunned that screenwriters lowell ganz and babaloo mandel would even for an instant think their script was funny.the brilliant nick hornby usually translates well to film. he adapted "fever pitch" for a british film starring colin firth and ruth gemmell in 1997; peter hedges found hornby's voice for "about a boy" (2002) and when "high fidelity" was americanized for a movie in 2000, writers d.v. devincentis, steve pink, john cusack and scott rosenberg didn't go wrong because they kept the essence of hornby's wit and humor. they made one of the best films of that year.so why does the american version of "fever pitch" go so painfully awry? the british version wasn't a masterpiece, but it was charming, funny, unexpected and gave us two characters we could like, respect and understand.but ganz and mandel have excised everything funny in hornby's work. in americanizing the story, they've butchered it, removing all that was good and unique about hornby's work and replacing it with conventional drivel.they've transformed a funny story into a formulaic romantic comedy, never once veering from the wretched formula. lindsey (drew barrymore) has three girlfriends, each of whom has a distinct function. one's overweight, the second's cynical and ambitious, and the third's a romantic. want to guess how many male friends ben (jimmy fallon) has?what made "high fidelity" such fun was not only a good leading man and lady, but engaging supporting characters. in this "fever pitch," the six supporting friends do or say nothing especially funny. they're so insignificant, they're not even decorative. the only reason they're in the film is because the formula demands it. poor ione skye winds up as one lindsey's pals in a thankless role. the lovely skye must have been wishing lloyd dobler would swoop in and take her away. come to think of it, cusack would've made an excellent ben. of course, cusack is too smart to attach himself to such an utterly tedious script.there isn't a single, solitary moment in this film that seems original or unforced. every plot turn is predictable, every lame joke telegraphed. ganz and mandel labor for laughs. the first 45 minutes are so excruciatingly slow, you wonder if these chaps realized they were writing a comedy. you can mark the plot turns in this film by your watch. it's almost as if ganz and mandel penned this with some screen writing guru's formula pasted on the wall. when they got to a certain page, they looked up at the formula and said, "ok, the guru says this has to happen now." and, presto!directors bobby and peter farrelly don't help the film any. they have no concept how to introduce their story and characters (they hand over the v.o. narration not to the protagonist, but to another guy who sits behind ben at fenway park). thanks to some extremely clunky writing, we have to watch barrymore and fallon stumble through their unfunny initial meetings.barrymore does cute and adorable better than most. she's as good at it as goldie hawn in her heyday. but even her cuteness can't save this extraordinarily awful film. she tries hard to wring some energy and humor out of this story. about 30 minutes into the film, lindsey tells ben, "you're funny." the only explanation for her remark is that it was in the script. for fallon's ben never says anything even remotely funny. fallon is neither witty nor funny; when he does comedy, he overacts.fallon was never any good on "saturday night live." he was quite possibly the least funny person on that show. remember that lame sketch about a radio dj who did all the voices? the only reason "weekend update" worked occasionally was because fallon's cohort, tina fey, knows a thing or two about comedy.actors who think they're funny and behave that way rarely, if ever, are actually funny. that's true of fallon. he thinks he's hysterically funny when he barely raises a chuckle. his stuttering, unsure-of-himself shtick didn't work on the small screen; it's lousier on the big screen.unfortunately for fallon, his role in this picture also requires a few dramatic moments. if you thought his comedy was bad, wait till you get a load of his dramatic stuff. two scenes in particular - the first in a park, the second in front of ben's school - are painful to watch. the scenes require an actor with a smidgen of dramatic ability, but fallon has neither the knowledge nor the ability to make them work. his range of emotions doesn't even run the gamut from a to b.ben has no personality or depth. often, he comes across as an oaf. and not a lovable one at that. it boggles the mind what lindsey would find attractive about him. compare fallon's performance to firth's in the british version, and you'll understand how terribly flat, unfunny and forced fallon's ben is and how wrong he is for this role. watching fallon in "fever pitch" makes one long for the dramatic depth and comedic nuance of ashton kutcher!just as "high fidelity" did, an americanized "fever pitch" could've worked brilliantly. it just needed better writers, more competent directors and, most definitely, a stronger, funnier, smarter leading man. do yourself a huge favor: avoid this rotten film; rent the 1997 british version and read hornby's book, instead.

this is the version that even the author hated, because it's so schmaltzy. they gave it a 'happy ending' and changed a lot of the dialogue, and it's just a big pile of saccharine. the 'stage manager' is quite good, i believe he originated the role, but everyone else falls into that acting style of the 40's that is really just posing. the one great feature- the music. this has one of the best scores ever recorded, and it's worth seeking out in a record shop. overall i think the 1989 spalding grey/ eric stoltz/ penelope miller version is far superior.

welcome to our town, welcome to your town? as we are introduced into the worlds of its townsfolk of 1901 america, this three act play is opened before us with the help of "the stage manager", a visual narrator if you like. after his initial introductions, we are lead into the homes of two particular families; the webb's and the gibb's.this is most definitely middle america at the turn of the century, and the progressive way of life of the american dream and its saccharine overtones that can seem a little biased in this dream town. here we see the everyday lives of some of its 2642 populace of grover's corners, new hampshire, even if there are, too, the migrant polish workers that add another 500 to is numbers, they, never get a look-in.once the daily lives of these families have been introduced; wives cooking, children home-working, fathers working, kids falling in love and the clean picket-fences painted white, the second act is started three years later, after young george (a young and unrecognisable william holden, then aged 22) and emily have fallen in love and intend to marry. blossoming lovebirds reaching for the stars and reaching, too, a turning point in their own lives, from the nest they lived and now, into the anxieties and woes of young adulthood they nervously step. the third act is slightly more sour and foreboding, it is in this act that the movies intentions become apparent, here we see not life, not celebration but death, and it is in this predicament that the dead, as they return to revisit and reconcile their own life past, are here to remind us, to tell us, that life, and every last minute, every precious breath is not to be wasted and squandered.it is in this last third that the movies own political stance also seems more apparent too, feeling more of a propaganda stunt on the moral lecturing on, and by, middle america and how it should direct its home and how it should also put it in order. this isn't just about "our" town, this is moral diction aimed at "our" souls and how america can better itself if its peoples', (excluding the poles, the irish, the native american and the freed ethnic minorities', and minorities' in general, plus the supporting backbone of the americana's who, still, have not had a fair part in this narrative), such as the middle classes, can live up to the expectations of the american dream through honest, decent living. the purveyors of the american dream with special invitation only.i was entertained, slightly, by this movie too, but i felt that its narrative held a stronger impact than anything else that took part in it albeit the bland acting, the musical score or how well, or not, it was made. this was the movies intention to exclude other groups, and to only include the likes of the webb's and the gibb's, in the future of the developing country of the usa, a good movie, but also a slightly biased in its stance, i thought.taken from the play by us' born thornton wilder (1897 - 1975) this pulitzer prize winning play, and six academy award nominated movie, was the focal point on the perpetual motion of life and its three main attributes; life, love and death, the plays translation onto celluloid comes across as a slightly to the right blurb of social consciousness. our town starts off with what seems a lesson in pointlessness, like other towns, nothing too exciting ever happens here, if anything at all, this town only has the "right sort of people", you can still leave your back-door unlocked here, we are seeing the developing lives of these two families, but it is their moral and social stance that is more important than them themselves. our town may just have been "any town", just as long as you came from the right part of town that is.

just too many incidents of violence.the film goes from one scene to another, and in nearly every one violence erupts.now i am not one who is shocked by violence, and to me a film without a fight in it has something missing. but, please, not one after another. my reaction was not shock or horror, it was: "here we go again." there is some semblance of a story in between the scenes of violence, but two thirds of the way through the film i had switched off completely, and couldn't wait for the end.if this is the best the film makers can do, they should find something else to do with their miserable lives, like making shoes or delivering mail.

i watched this movie recently together with my sister who likes the performances of sophia loren. i'm a person who they call a cultural barbarian. i hate art in any kind of shape or form. rambo is more my kind of movie, action, kills, blood, horror. if you recognize yourself in this avoid this movie like the plague. no one dies, no action, no nudity, nothing of the kind. let me give you a résumé in a few sentences. it starts out with 5 minutes in black and white nazi propaganda. every italian in a housing block attends a parade in honor of hitler, except for a housewife, an anti fascist and a caretaker. the housewife who is cheated by her husband, meets the anti fascist. she falls in love with him, wants to make love to him, but the anti fascist is gay. despite of this they make love with each other. at the end of the day, the housewife reads a book from her gay lover, and the guy himself is deported by agents. the end. you want an even shorter résumé? boring... that short enough? the guy should have used his gun in the beginning of this movie and shoot himself, to save the audience from this atrocity. on a side note my sister loved this movie. like i said, i'm a cultural barbarian...

i received this movie as a gift, i knew from the dvd cover, this movie are going to be bad.after not watching it for more than a year i finally watched it. what a pathetic movie….i almost didn't finish watching this bad movie,but it will be unfair of me to write a review without watching the complete movie.trust me when i say " this movie sucks" i am truly shocked that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed to make this pathetic movie, but it couldn't have cost more than $20 000 to produce this movie. all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera .about 15 people with no acting skills, a scrip that were written by a couple of drunk people.in the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter (tara woodley )run a suppose to be drunk man over on her way to report on a hunted town. he are completely unharmed. they went to a supposed to be abandon house ,but luckily for the it almost complete furnished and a bottle of liquor on the door step happens to be there. just for the supposed to be drunk man but all is not what it seems.then the supposed drunk man start telling tara ghost/zombies stories.the fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history.his storysgt. ben draper let one of his soldiers die of complete exhaustion (i think this is what happens)after letting the poor soldier private wilson do sit ups he let him dig a grave and then the soldier collapse ,ben draperburies him in a shallow grave.but sgt. ben draper are in for n big surprise. his wife/girl fiend knows about this and she and her lover kills sgt. ben draper to take revenge on private wilson.(next to the grave of the soldier he sort off murdered) the soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf.the twist ending were so lame.even if you like b horror movies, don't watch this movie

some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd century films released dozens of obscure italian and american movie that were great, but although hardgore released some fulci films amongst others, the bulk of their output is crap like the zombie chronicles.the only positive thing i can say about this film is that it's nowhere near as annoying as the stink of flesh. other than that, its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a lego house built by a whelk.it's been noted elsewhere, but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence, so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks, you've seen it all already.bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18,000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast (especially the hitchhiker, who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit), and kudos to hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like i was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip.awful, awful stuff. we've all made stuff like this when we've gotten a hold of a camera, but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere. avoid.

picked this up for 50 cents at the flea market, was pretty excited.i found it fascinating for about 15 min, then just repetitive and dull.it is neat seeing mick and the gang in their prime, i wish there was not so much over dubbing of dialog so i could hear what there are saying and playing.the skits are politically dated and incredibly naive and simple, sort of poorly written monty python on acid. i spent more time looking at the late 60's england back drops rather then what was actually happening in the silly skits.this movie is a good reminder that times really change,and what was important quickly becomes just plain silly. good song, but it has now been played to death by this dvd.

firstly, this is a very dated film, non-focused in its exposition of the left wing political revolution. honestly, when someone says that the only way to be truly revolutionary is to cease to be intellectual ( which in itself is quite nonsensical, since the answer was arrived at by precisely being intellectual) it reduces me to despair; as if we all should return to being apes in the name of equality - it is simply ridiculous. our intellectuality is only one of many human qualities, but this does not mean we should not educate ourselves to the highest possible degree. but no doubt this non-educational message ties in with godard's use of rock music; hence the rolling stones.the song 'sympathy for the devil', whose creation we witness, and from which the film takes its name, is in fact nothing special. the chord sequence, which is not especially original, was used to much better effect in led zeppelin's 'thankyou'(led zeppelin ii). apart form that, 'sir' mick jagger declaims in his usually nebulous manner (rather like bob dylan)- notice how the first melodic phrase is unimaginatively repeated over again to form the verse.besides the fact that the black panthers depicted in this film, don't seem to know what they are fighting for, the most interesting scenes involve the equation of fascism with pornography; a message that in fact undermines the sexual 'liberation' of the 1960s and today ( indeed, a message that would belie the behaviour of the rolling stones around the time the film was made).no wonder, the dvd came free with the sunday times! for a truly profound historical exposition of left-wing sympathy, listen to luigi nono's masterpiece, 'al gran sole carico'd'amore'.

jean luc godard's marxist polemic is as close to unwatchable a film as you're likely to see from an internationally respected filmmaker. bits of political theater, mind-numbingly boring and interminable, are interspersed with the making of "sympathy for the devil", featuring the rolling stones in the studio.the process of the song's development, from mick jagger playing a demo on acoustic guitar, to the backing vocals being recorded towards the end, is fascinating, and it's worth renting this film just to see the bits with the stones. almost half the movie is devoted to this, so thanks to the miracle of chapter stops, you can skip all the bizarre political skits and just watch the stones put a song together.when i had this on laserdisc, i valiantly attempted to watch it all, but i don't see how anyone could get through it. i finally gave up and just chapter-skipped my way to the stones segments.

the film-school intellects can drool all they want about the important (imagined) meaning of this film, but it's just that: intellectual drool. this film is creatively bankrupt, and some mistake it's endless self-indulgent wanking as substance. yeah. obviously godard wasn't a stones fan. too bad, because this could have been great. he's capturing the birth of this timeless song and he chooses instead to cover the music with some guy reading out of a true detective mag or some such crap. then there's the endless shots of what looks like 60's librarians spray-painting words on people's cars. and then there's the seemingly neverending "interview" where the actress was brilliantly instructed to answer only yes or no to all the really deep and intellectual questions. there's some dude in a purple suit is reading more crap from a book, which goes on for, oh, only about 20 minutes. and black panthers or something in a junkyard.it almost sounds intriguing? well, it's not.but for unwashed film-school hipsters who don't care squat about the lost opportunities of having full access to the stones bringing sympathy for the devil into the world and would rather hear some english guy reading instead whilst gazing at the covers of nudie mag's, this film's a real winner!more accurately...maybe godard just blows.

in the 60's, having as the background the rehearsal and recording of "sympathy for the devil" in the classic album "beggar's banquet" by the revolutionary bad boy rolling stones – mick jagger, keith richards, charlie watts, bill wyman and brian jones – plus marianne faithful, godard discloses other contemporary revolutionary and ideological movements – the black power through the black panthers, the feminism, the communism, the fascism - entwined with the reading of a cheap pulp political novel divided in the chapters: "the stones rolling; "outside black novel"; "sight and sound"; "all about eve"; "the heart of occident"; "inside black syntax"; and, "under the stones the beach"."sympathy for the devil" is another pretentious and boring mess of the uneven director jean-luc godard. the narrative and the footages are awful, but fortunately i love the stones and "sympathy for the devil" and it is nice to see them in the beginning of their careers; otherwise this documentary would be unbearable. my vote is three.title (brazil): "sympathy for the devil"

i love alec guinness. and that's saying a lot after this film. actually, he is not bad in it. he just seems to stand aside, be urbane and his usual delightful self, but invest nada. it is obvious the girl he is matched with is a featherweight, even as an inexperienced young french girl. sir alec wouldn't have chosen her when he was young and very obviously isn't too happy about it now.the interesting character is the brooding brother of the odd "suzanne", another twit. "donald" aspires to be a french heathcliffe and i waited in vain for the source of his mystery. what deep dark secret was he hiding behind that forehead? was he in love with the father's mistress? why did he jerk suzanne's hair when she plotted to bring the disparate parts of this turkey together on the country estate? or perhaps he had simply had enough of her obnoxious acting.the film would have been charming with guiness and the "older woman" reminiscing and seeing paris together. that would have been a great story! two lovely experienced people in a beautiful city after the destruction of world war ii. why didn't somebody come up with that? i suggest watching alec guiness in "the card", a little known but worthwhile film.

in a recent biography of alec guinness i couldn't find too much about to paris with love. i'm sure guinness did the film to get a free trip to paris out of it. the film has no other reason for existence.paris of course is nicely photographed with that wonderful opening of guinness and his son driving down the champs elysee with the arc de triomphe in the background. unfortunately it goes downhill from there.there is just no chemistry at all between guinness and the young girl who he has a brief fling with in paris. according to the recent biography of guinness by piers paul read, guinness positively disliked the girl, found her conduct unprofessional. as to what odile vernois thought of her co-star, no record is available. they have as much chemistry as two neutered cats.guinness does have a good moment in the film which was straight from one of his ealing comedies as he climbs a tree trying to retrieve a badminton shuttlecock. but i wouldn't wait through the film for it.at least alec got a trip to paris out of the deal.

warning! small plot details revealed!i can find virtually nothing positive to say about this film. it is written so badly that every character is a caricature, yet it seems to take itself seriously. it is poorly cast, especially ralph macchio (all baby-faced, 5-foot-nothing of him) as a streetwise tough. plot elements are all drawn in black and white, with every situation almost immediately escalating to some extreme climax.most egregious of all (plot element about to be revealed) it has perhaps the most gratuitous and contrived nude scene in the history of semi-serious film. one can just imagine the filmmakers saying, "we need jobeth to shed her top...hmmm...i've got it!...early in the film, let's give nick some ridiculous dialogue about baring yourself in the hallways...then jobeth can use that line on him later and really bare herself in the hallway...yeah, that's the ticket!"i will give the producers credit for tackling a weighty subject in 1984, one that proved all too weighty in the late 90's with events like columbine. however, the execution is dreadful. this film could have been a dark comedy in the vein of "heathers", a campy political statement like "network" or a serious examination like "brubaker". instead, it tries to be all of these things -- and ends up being none of these things. "teachers" get an f.

though i never like to be the sort of person who negates another's personal taste; if you like something, that's fine. but, this movie was horrible and there is no way around it. i don't like ani difranco too much, but she's a great guitarist and songwriter, that i can admit. but i can't admit to there being any redeeming qualities to this film. many people way that it is an accurate portrayal of issues that high school students face. maybe, but everything is portrayed too far-fetched. there seems to be an attempt at a "naked gun" - esque kind of comedy, but the timing is off; there is too much space between each actors line, as if they're holding for laughter (there wasn't any). whoever wrote the script was all over the place. they tried to cram as many controversial issues together in one film, almost never fully developing any of them (especially the girl getting impregnated by a teacher). i did not laugh once throughout this entire movie. i was too insulted by this attempt at humor and satire to do anything but roll my eyes at the screen.

this movie sucks. ridiculous "school" athmosphere, unbelievable students that are very bad and behave like criminals but then later after the "good teacher" nick nolte taught them they became as good and as quiet as kittens.if this works for you, it doesn't for me. 0 out of 10

as an ex-teacher(!) i must confess to cringing through many scenes - 'though i continued to watch to the end. i wonder why?! (boredom, perhaps?) :-)the initial opening scenes struck me as incredibly mish-mashed and unfocussed. the plot, too, although there were some good ideas - the plight of a relief teacher, for example - were not concentrated enough in any one direction for 3-d development.not one of mr nolte's finer moments. as to young mr macchio, does he speak that way in *every* movie?plot and acting complaints aside, the hair-styles alone were a nostalgic (if nauseating) trip.

i joined this site to see what comments people would make about this absolute disaster of a film. i wasn't drawn in for even a second. the characters were all one-dimensional. they threw every topic they could think of hoping something would stick. i would bet (and hope) that everyone involved in teachers looks back with embarrassment. there are some great actors here but you would never know it. thank god it didn't destroy morgan freeman's or judd hirsh's or nick nolte's or laura dern's careers. there was no vision, no labor of love here, only a horrible effort gone wrong. btw i don't think the writer ever set foot in a real school.

people who actually liked problem child (1990) need to have their heads examined. who would take the idea of watching a malevolent little boy wreak havoc on others and deem it funny? the movie is not funny, ever, in any way, beginning to end. it wants to be a cartoon, but the writers don't realize that slapstick isn't funny when people get attacked by bears, or hit with baseball bats. it may be funny in cartoons, but not in a motion picture.the film's young hero is junior (michael oliver) who, since he was a baby, has been placed at the front doors of foster parents for adoption. the families reject him, because junior tends to give them a hard time.he is then thrown into an orphanage, where he terrorizes the nuns, and writes pen pal letters to the convicted bow-tie killer (michael richards). he is soon adopted by ben and flo healy (the late john ritter and his wife, amy yasbeck), who are dying to have a child, in order to be just like every other parent in their neighborhood.junior becomes a member of the healy household, and "little" ben takes an interest in him, despite the fact that he destroys a camping trip by luring a bear onto the site, or throws a cat at his father "big" ben (jack warden), a bigoted politician.i think that we're supposed to care for junior so that we can root for him when he gets his revenge on people. his new mother, flo, is a bitch, his grandfather is completely selfish, and one little girl--who despises adopted kids--is such a spoiled brat.but what junior does to get the last laughs isn't funny- -it's mean, cruel, and sometimes life-threatening.and what is the film's message? that kids should resolve problems with violence and vandalism? that they should seek friendship by writing to convicted killers? they definitely don't what it's like to be a bad kid. junior isn't a one--he's just a sadistic, little twerp. there used to be a time when it was bad for kids to beat up others. now, everybody's laughing when junior beats up kids with a baseball bat.it's a shame that this movie has been marketed as a "family comedy." what's worse is that problem child is rated pg. what was the mpaa thinking when they saw this? there's a lot of profanity and mean-spirited pranks here, that one may wonder about the dividing between the pg and the pg-13.kids will enjoy this, but parents will be shocked at what is being depicted on screen. and to most people, problem child will be considered a "guilty pleasure" classic; a film that someone will shamefacedly admit to liking, even though the prevailing opinion, as put forth by more serious viewers, is that the movie is a piece of crap.

