a typical lanza flick that had limited audience appeal with a weak story line that was put together simply to justify lanza's mgm contract at the time.as reported by member lastliberal (above) grayson could not stand lanza because of his obscene advances towards her off (and sometimes on) camera. in addition, his gutter mannerism and the continual smell of alcohol in her face during scenes they did together were intolerable. after doing their second (and last) film together, "toast of new orleans", the normally quiet grayson stormed into louie b. mayer's office and told him in no uncertain words that she would never work with lanza again  period. mayer felt that grayson was much more valuable to mgm then lanza, so grayson's statement stuck. grayson went on to star in a number of widely received (and far more profitable) musicals with howard keel and others. later in life when asked to compare lanza and keel her reply was that there was no comparison between them, and that keel was great to work with and had much more appeal to the "real people" in the audiences.

i really didn't expect much from this film seeing as it has people from parkersburg wv, which is were i live, acting in it. this town is dull and so is this film. there were a few decent scened in the movie but i was distracted by all the crappy landmarks they made a point to show. this movie may have been good if there was actual acting in it but there wasn't any. unless you are from parkersburg and are interested in seeing what you see everyday, then stay away from this movie. the dialog will put you to sleep, the acting will bore you to tears and steven soderberg should lose some credibility after shooting crap like this. its a predictable movie with no surprises. what you see is what you get and that is a 73 minute tour of parkersburg west virginia and belpre ohio without a narrator.

this film was recommended to me by a friend who lives in california. she thought it was wonderful because it was so real, "just the way people in the ohio valley are!" i'm from the area and i experienced the film as "just the way people in california think we are!" i've lived in marietta and parkersburg and worked minimum wage jobs there. we laughed a lot, we bonded with and took breaks with people our own age; the young people went out together at night. the older people had little free time after work because they were taking care of their families. the area is beautiful in the summer and no gloomier in the winter rain than anywhere else.aside from the "if you live in a manufactured home you must be depressed" condescension, the story lacked any elements of charm, mystery or even a sense of dread.martha's character was the worst drawn. it's doubtful that anyone so repressed would have belonged to a church, but if she had, she probably would have made friends there. i've read reviews that seem to assume martha was jealous of rose because rose was "younger, prettier and thinner" but if this is the case it isn't shown. all we actually see is martha learning to dislike rose for reasons that would apply just as much if the three friends had been the same age and gender. we see martha feeling left out during smoking sessions, left out of the loop when social plans are made, used but not appreciated, and finally disrespected and hurt.just one more thing: are we supposed to suspect kyle of murder because he had once had a few panic attacks? please. this takes stigma against mental illness to a new level.

when thinking of the revelation that the main character in "bubble" comes to at films end, i am reminded of last years "machinist" with christian bale. the only difference between the two films is the literal physical weight of the characters.an understated, yet entirely realistic portrayal of small town life. the title is cause for contemplation. perhaps, we, the audience are the ones in the "bubble" as we are given no payoffs in the films slim 90 minute running time. audience reactions were often smug and judgmental, clearly indicating how detached people can be from seeing any thread of humanity in characters so foreign to themselves. these characters are the ones people refer to as those that put george w. back in office for a second term.it's sobering to consider how reality television has spoiled our sense of reality when watching an audience jump to their feet for the exit as soon as the credits role. this film has it's merits, and is deserving of consideration for the things it doesn't say outright.

i just saw this at the venice film festival, and can't quite decide about it. we were never allowed to get close enough to any of the characters to care about them. maybe that was the point, that we are all in a "bubble" of our own, but these people didn't compel me to be concerned about them or shocked at their various fates. at a running time of just over an hour, the characters weren't very well developed. lots of time was devoted to shots of factory equipment (forklifts, conveyor belts, shovels); and the slightly-creepy-looking baby dolls with surprisingly lifelike eyes, that most of the characters made for a living, were somehow more interesting than the live people. an interesting experiment, but somehow it never quite came together.

san francisco is a big city with great acting credits. in this one, the filmmakers made no attempt to use the city. they didn't even manage the most basic of realistic details. so i would not recommend it to anyone on the basis of being a san francisco movie. you will not be thinking "oh, i've been there," you will be thinking "how did a two story firetrap/stinky armpit turn into a quiet hotel lobby?" some of the leads used east coast speech styles and affectations. it detracts, but the acting was always competent.the stories seemed to be shot in three distinct styles, at least in the beginning. the chinatown story was the most effective and interesting. the plot is weak, ripped scene for scene from classy hong kong action movies. the originals had a lot more tension and emotional resonance, they were framed and paced better. but the acting is fun and we get to see james hong and other luminaries.the white boy intro was pointless. i think the filmmakers didn't know what to do with it, so they left it loosely structured and cut it down. the father is an odd attempt at a berkeley liberal - really, folks, everyone knows it's not "groovy" to live in the ghetto - but his segments are the most humorous. they threw away some good opportunities. educated and embittered on the west coast, a yuppie jerk here is a different kind of yuppie jerk than they make in new york. they are equally intolerable but always distinguishable. that would have been interesting; this was not.the hunter's point intro was the most disappointing. it was the most derivative of the three, and stylistically the most distant from san francisco. you've seen it done before and you've seen it done better. even the video game was better! despite the generic non-locality and aimless script, these characters have potential, the actors have talent, and something interesting starts to force its way around the clumsy direction... about ten minutes before the ending. good concept placed in the wrong hands.ps, there is a missing minority here, see if you can guess which one.

if he wanted to be accurate, he should have chosen some frisco natives and not a bunch of ny actors who know nothing about the sucka free (not sucker free). i've lived in sf my entire life, and folks here do not talk or act the way these actors did. everything was over-dramatized, and the only cat i saw from the bay was jt the bigga figga with his little cameo as a rapper. no shock that he was the only one in the film who really dressed like cats out here (ie his warriors jersey). not once did i notice anyone wearing any giants or 9ers gear; instead he fitted them in some cheesy made-up sf or oakland jerseys that aren't even sold around here. hp has no bowling alleys, black and asian gangbangers do not wear head or wristbands with the colors of africa or china's olympic team, nor does every chinese gangster wear a yao ming jersey and try and sound black while shooting hoops. further, while there now is a significant yuppie community that has invaded the mission, all that was shown was some white dude and a self-proclaimed "100% west coast boriqua." this is not new york! puerto ricans here are few and far between, and the latinos in the mission are very, very different from the one that was shown here, who was without a doubt from ny. also, hp is not the only black neighborhood in the city. an accurate depiction would have shown the drama between hp sets in their own hood as well as vs. fillmore, sunnydale, lakeview, etc. this film could've been much better if lee had done some more homework and had a better storyline to work with.

this tv movie goes to show that bad films do exist. the only reason i saw this was it was covered on a ktma mst3k. it's super bowl at the superdome in new orleans. however, no football is played whatsoever and we see the behind the scenes look at basically nothing. with the many stars in this film, it made no difference. i really don't know why i watched this.

superdome is one of those movies that makes you wonder why it was made. the whole plot concerns someone trying to sabotage the superbowl, and all the attempts made to stop them. how tom selleck and donna mills' careers managed to survive this is beyond me. however, the most frustrating thing about it was there was no football in it at all! avoid this one if possible.

it's 1978, and yes obviously there are too many black players on the teams as well! fans will be upset and certainly the 75,000 seats will be full, only less happy there are so many black players on the field! this made for tv super bowl movie is watchable. it's not much more, but it's really surprising the cast of talented actors that make an appearance (for the time), probably most notably tom selleck. unfortunately any goodness selleck brings to the screen, is quickly trumped by "actors" like dick butkus.it's a silly story about super bowl betting. pj jackson is charged by "new york" (read mafia) for ensuring the game ends for their favor, in this case a $10,000,000 bet. pj is innocent enough, and seems to have a loose grasp by buying off a few people here and there. but things seem to fall apart for him. another person, the unsuspected lainie, takes charge. for a while, the mystery of murders isn't known for certain, but is revealed rather plainly at the final murder that lainie is the new antagonist.it's a bad movie, but is watchable. the acting is decent, and the filming is ok. at least there weren't any silly typical 70s car chases (they have their place just not here). just keep an open mind about past stereotyping and the cocaine era and you'll survive.2/10 (maybe a 2.5)

the championship game is only a couple of days away, but things in new orleans aren't as they should be. from players with marital problems to drug overdoses to gambling problems to a killer on the loose, life is getting in the way of what should be a memorable, wonderful time. can things be put back into order and a killer stopped before the big game is ruined? despite what you might think when you first read about superdome, this is not a football movie. in fact football is nothing more than a plot device and an after thought. instead, superdome is another of those lousy soap opera-ish 70s made-for-tv movies populated with hollywood has beens and those that never will be. the cast sleepwalks its way through the thing with no one really looking good. the best (or worst) example is van johnson in a very small role looking generally lost as to why he's there. the plot is dull, uninteresting, and unbelievable. donna mills as a hit"man"? yeah, right! it's about as believable as the affair she has with the liquor soaked david jansen. the movie also lacks any pace. trying to get all four or five story lines into the film zaps whatever flow superdome might have had. with no drama or suspense in sight, superdome ends up being a very poor example of a 70s made-for-tv movie. the lone highlight for me was the voice-over work from the late charlie jones - a sportscaster i miss listening to. the eloquent way he overstates the intrigue and over-hypes the atmosphere in new orleans is pure cheese at its finest.like most others who have seen superdome, i also did so courtesy of mystery science theater 3000. it may be one of the ktma public access episodes, but it's one of the best examples of the shows early start. so even though i've only rated superdome a 2/10, i'll give this episode a generous 3/5 on my mst3k rating scale.

an updated version of a theme which has been done before. while that in and of itself is not bad, this movie doesn't reach the ring like the other "inherent and pure" evil ones do. predictable, ambitious attempt that falls short of the mark. not worth sitting through for the tired contrived ending.

this is a typical "perfect crime" thriller. a perfect crime is executed and the investigating police officer, ignoring all the clues, immediately knows who guilty is. the audience has to wait around the whole movie for the guilty to be caught. the result is like every single episode of "columbo" or "murder she wrote". the director himself refers to the hackney story by showing the police officer watching an episode of matlock! this story barely fills up 90 minutes but the director insists on using all 120 minutes filling with every cliche in the book. skip this one, you are not missing anything.

murder by numbers is one of those movies that you expect is made-for-tv but isn't. considering the only actor of any note is bullock (although michael pitt seems to be moving onto bigger and better things), it isn't a great surprise that this movie quickly fades away from memory to be replaced by more important things. like... remembering to lock your front door when you go out. or putting clothes back on when you come out of the shower.bullock plays cassie mayweather, a cop with personal issues (don't they all). together with her new partner (a wet-looking ben chaplin), she is called to investigate the murder of a young woman. nothing unusual there except that the perps are a couple of teenage students who think they've planned and executed the perfect murder. as the investigation continues, a battle of wills emerges between cassie and the main suspect richie haywood (ryan gosling).the crippling issue here is that the two leads are hopeless. bullock, though she is very nice to look at, is about as believable in the role of a hardened cynical cop as rodney dangerfield (actually, he'd be better!). chaplin, for his sins, is a complete non-entity and i feel sorry that he has to put this film on his cv in his attempt to break into hollywood. at least gosling and pitt, as the conniving sneering suspects, acquit themselves adequately. as if dodgy leads weren't bad enough, a story that would send anybody to sleep and a highly predictable (but illogical) ending shoot this film in the head before it has a chance to run."murder by numbers" has absolutely nothing going for it, even a pointless nude scene by bullock wouldn't redeem it. well, just a little but still not enough to save it. forgettable, predictable and redundant - this is one film that isn't going to move the cop genre forward. as cassie probably says on her next case, there's nothing to see here people. move along, keep moving...

well, the writing was very sloppy, the directing was sloppier, and the editing made it worse (at least i hope it was the editing). the acting wasn't bad, but it wasn't that good either. pretty much none of the characters were likable. at least 45 minutes of that movie was wasted time and the other hour or so was not used anywhere near its full potential. it was a great idea, but yet another wasted good idea goes by. it could have ended 3 different places but it just kept going on to a mostly predictable hollywood ending. and what wasn't predictable was done so badly that it didn't matter. the ending was not worth watching at all. sandra bullock was out of her element and should stay away from these types of movies. the movie looked rushed also. the movie just wasn't really worth seeing, and had i paid for it i would have been very mad. maybe i was more disappointed because i expected a really good movie and got a bad one. the movie over all was not horrifibly bad, but i wouldn't reccomend it. i gave it 2 out of 10 b/c i liked the idea so much and i did like one character (justin i believe, the super smart one). and it also had some very cheap ways to cover plot holes. it was like trying to cover a volcano with cheap masking tape, it was not pretty. anyway, if you see it, wait for the $1.50 theater or video, unless you like pretty much every movie you see, then i guess you'll like this one.

at first the movie seemed to be doing great, they had the characters profiles set...the plot seemed to be going in the right direction... however, as the movie progressed it seemed the director focused on the wrong kind of things...or just a lot was edited from the movie. the characters' identities changed for the worse within the movie. also, there seemed to be a lot of implicit meaning -- in other words -- they had things within the movie that didn't seem to fit the movie itself. and the title... no where in the movie does the title fit the movie...i suppose the title works for the previews.... actors did well with what they had.....if they had a better director and writer, maybe this would have worked out better. but it didn't. so now there's a new terrible movie coming out this friday.... my opinion!....don't waste your time or money.

now i'll be the first to admit it when i say something that may be blasphemous or unfair, so i would like to apologize in advance for my ranting about how much i disliked this movie.that about sums it up too. i disliked this movie. to be more specific, i disliked the concept of this movie. the cinematography was good. the mood was nice. and the acting was satisfactory. however, the story is fatuous, unacurate and misleading. it is also offensive.i am a quarter cree indian, and for some reason i feel insulted, on a personal level, by the nature of whitaker's character. first of all, he's a black guy. and this isn't a racist remark, i swear. the thought of a white, hispanic or even native american swinging a katana on a rooftop offends everything that the katana represents. the katana represents the soul of a samurai, imbibed with the souls of his ancestors who guide and protect the samurai. for ghost dog to use his guns instead of the katana is also an insult to the blade and the souls inside, and where the heck did he get a katana anyway? it must be one of those replicas, which insults the samurai caste even more.also, ghost dog showed no honor. near the end of the movie, he shoots a bodyguard in the back through a window and then assassinates a man by shooting him in the face through a faucet drain. not only is this a cowards way to kill an enemy, it's more like a ninjas way; silent assassins; a group that samurais deny exists, but hates none-the-less.then he tries to kill his boss, when he finds out his boss is a baddie. you know what a true samurai does when he learns his master is proven bad or dishonorable? he kills himself, to prove that he would rather die then lower himself to the level of his doggish master.everything about the character was a giant contradiction to the real code that all samurai adhere to: bushido.so, we have great cinematography, good ambiance and so-so acting encompassing a satiricle plot and premise, (which unfortunately is the most important aspect of it) , making it an unsatisfactory overall film, and an insult to everything a honorable bushi(samurai) holds dear. 2.5/10 bleah

"don't bother to watch this film" would be better advice, if you like marilyn monroe in her other roles. this was a huge disappointment considering the great cast, not just marilyn.the story was just nothing, certainly nothing like described on the vhs box, of course. there simply was no suspense, precious little excitement and too many dull spots, most of them trying to show why "nellie" (monroe) was so messed up. this was not a good role for monroe, even though i didn't need to see this character to know she could act. "some like it hot" alone was good enough evidence for me. but this role just didn't fit her and it's no surprise it wasn't one of her more popular films.it's also too bad a film had the waste of the talents of actors like richard widmark, anne bancroft, elisha cook jr., jeanne cagney, donna cocoran and others. summary: it's not entertaining and entertainment is the name of the game.

this is a well-worn story about a man who marries to escape the hangman's noose, then sets about "taming" his reluctant bride. it manages to be sexist and racist at exactly the same time. we never find out, for example, why a woman who won the respect of an indian warrior is completely unable to fight back against her erstwhile husband. or why the members of her team are so eager to get a "real man" in the saddle when she seems to have been taking care of things just fine on her own. this only made sense in fifties hollywood.there's a really stupid scene where she horsewhips him and he actually catches the whip--the second time--then yanks her off her horse. never mind that the first time probably would have lost him an eye, which would make it pretty hard to grab that whip! then, he prevails in a fight against her indian bodyguard where he spends the first two thirds of it getting beaten to a pulp. that's some second wind. later, he successfully negotiates with some bloodthirsty indians (as they all are in these flicks) after they reject her now she's his "squaw". never mind that he has zero diplomatic skills and she's been negotiating with them for years. and the way he keeps rejecting her attempts to seduce him just to keep her keen and keep her from getting a hold on him--yeah, right. like the women are just throwing themselves at him all the way down the trail.finally, neither of the leads is convincing in their roles. madison is just a jerk who gets unrealistically lucky. fleming flips her hair and scowls a lot, but is totally unconvincing as a fiery tomboy. the only reason you'd root for her is because you want to see madison get tied to a runaway horse and dragged over a cliff before the film's end. the way that madison tames fleming is so predictable and has so few obstacles that it will irritate the heck out of you if you see women as anything but blow-up dolls. even if you do see them as dolls, the total lack of suspense will bore you.total waste of time. even the scenery's kinda dull. give this one a big miss.

to be honest i had heard this was pretty bad before i decided to watch it, but i'm never one to let others influence my viewings, in fact i'm more likely to watch something out of defiance!. bullwhip had one thing going for me before the viewing anyway, the fact that rhonda fleming and those gorgeous eyes was in it had me interested right away. the picture isn't very good, and is in fact very morally dubious, all the characters are corrupt and shifty in one way shape or form, all motivated by greed or egocentric victories, this is all well and good if the surrounding film can do justice to a bunch of despicable people and create a taut climax shuddering picture. sadly it doesn't, and as the finale fills your eyes with sugar you can't help shouting out that you have been cheated into watching a pretty bad film, nobody in the cast come out with any credit, with lead man guy madison painfully wooden in the extreme.not even the lovely rhonda can make me recommend this to anyone, 3/10

i'm basing this on my observations of one episode i saw last night (9/27/06). i don't think i'll be watching again. the acting was totally wooden, the plot completely predictable, the ending totally unrealistic -- i mean who would believe a 30 million dollar judgment for the death of a recovering drug addict with terminal cancer? the lead actor (victor garber) seemed so uncomfortable, almost embarrassed in his role -- perhaps he realized how bad the writing was!! i fully realize that the drama offered this season is pretty poor, but they can surely find better writers. maybe they are outsourcing the writing to india or china!! i'll bet we won't be seeing this one next season!

happened upon a copy of this. not mine and if i had spent my own money on this i'd be finding those responsible and demanding it back! all i can say is this would be a terrible student film. any understanding of the medium of film is absent. acting is god awful, the story would have been rejected from the original twilight zone series as unoriginal and lame, and the change in tone of the lead character's reaction to the 'ghost' is laughable.i can only agree that the 'glowing' reviews of this film are from friends and family. i'm afraid it's not even entertainingly bad.amateur in the extreme! avoid! avoid! avoid!

frankly i'm rather incensed that on the basis of the dazzling reviews attributed to steven smith i wasted nearly two hours on his debut offering. have they all been written by his pals? the action clunks along, the music is irritating and over used, the script is simply dire and the actors (with the exception of the gardener) mediocre at best. i do think we should support the efforts of a young filmmaker but saying it's brilliant when it's not will surely only encourage him to make the same mistakes again i.e. continuing to write his own scripts and using the same actors for another venture. yes, it's his first film, low budget etc. - i get it, but it's also out there for members of the public to purchase and it's just not up to scratch.

it's one of those dramas that's so bad that it almost hits the point of being very funny, the script is absolutely dire, direction appalling, lighting purely armature, the only thing letting it down from a true so bad it's good feel is that the sound design is only quite bad; it adds no suspense to the story although trying hard, but doesn't at least destroy any speeches. there's continuity problems of seasons of out door shots throughout. and finally last but not least the acting is appalling. for a professional production it very much has the feel of a university media project you have to feel sorry for the sorry for anyone who had to put their names to this.

when thinking about captivity many words come to mind. among them are: uninteresting, unentertaining, unsuspensful, unsexy, unfathomable, and unwatchable.i used to hate those movies from the mid to late nineties that were basically ripoffs of scream but these new saw knockoffs are beginning to make those films look like classics. they still pander to the same demographic that those other movies were so successful at doing, but now they add a new level of degeneracy that make the twelve to fourteen year old girls they're aimed at feel like they're hardcore and hip.this movie is a load of boring crap! what the hell has happened to larry cohen? his name hasn't been attached to anything good since 1993! even so, i was still surprised to see that he had anything to do with something this bad! was anyone surprised when the movie's love interest turned out to be one of the psychopaths? did anyone not know it when they first saw him? only someone who has never before in his or her life, ever seen another movie!

i'll keep this short; thanks to greg for helping me to put this succinctly: captivity is about a guy who drugs a girl's drink, imprisons and tortures her, then poses as a captive to have sex with her. that is the single twist and punchline of the film. it's torture as slow motion date rape. and, it's not even a good movie. it's not so bad it's good; it's just bad.it should also be mentioned that among critics, there is a "spoiler code" that they dare not break, even though some were tempted to on this one because it is so vile. why no one had the cojones to step up and say, "this is garbage, and this is why," is beyond me.don't give your money to these poop-peddlers.

the only reason i give it a 2 is that filmography is so stylized these days such that it has at least something to comment on.this film is asinine. it's like so many other 21st century grind house fodder. the gore is gratuitous and simply revolting. i didn't care about any of the characters, but i did care that some cretin bothered to pen this crap: i'd complain about the money i spent, but my date and i wisely left after 40 minutes and went to an adjoining theater to watch the adventurous and entertaining "live free or die hard," which probably got a much higher rating from me simply because i endured the utter poop of "captivity" for 40 minutes.

absolutely fantastic. now, before a legion of cinema purists choke on their lattés, allow me to elaborate. much as i enjoyed it, this is quite simply one of the worst films i have ever seen and is certainly the worst film i've seen at the cinema (an impressive claim, as i remember seeing daredevil on the big screen). the two leads (daniel gillies and elisha cuthbert) were unconvincing at best and downright awful at worst. of course, they weren't helped by a script that had as much emotional depth as a daphne & celeste single and characterisation that was about as convincing as the oj defence. the plot (to stretch the term slightly) was thin to non-existent and the 'gore' scenes, whilst undoubtedly brutal, were irrelevant and laughably formulaic. what plot there is revolves around a twenty-something model (cuthbert) who is abducted, imprisoned and subjected to various visceral tortures, both psychological and physical. the torture scenes feel like disconnected set pieces and the emphasis was laid squarely upon shocking rather than scaring the audience. whilst there really are very, very few positives to draw from this film, its redeeming features are the very flaws that make it such a dreadful film. i have never heard a more vocal audience in a cinema. within twenty minutes, the entire cinema was in stitches and remained that way throughout. for my part i came out flushed with laughter, buoyed by a film that had ascended to the pinnacle of appalling film-making. whichever way you look at it, this is truly a cinematic achievement and a blueprint for future directorial wannabes detailing minutely how not to make a film.p.s. i omitted to mention that i managed to get in to the film free...so i can afford to laugh about it. i was still tempted to ask for my money back...it really was that bad.

the documentary revolves around eva mozes kor, a holocaust survivor, part of mengele's experiments on twins, consisting primarily her version of what happened at auschwitz, and a comparison of the emotions of the other survivors of the twin experiments. the movie obviously had great reviews. it's one of those topics that no one dares to voice a contrary opinion about.i too, for a large part of the movie, got sucked into the emotion that the movie-maker so obviously wanted the viewer to concentrate on. one of the user reviews on imdb by eric monder (obviously having nothing critical to say about the issue on a public forum) could only find the sweetest nectar. "in one of the many dramatic sequences, as a group of jews argue with kor at a jewish center, the meaning of the word "forgive" is even debated, but the isolated and outnumbered kor holds her own" but by this time, the sappy hold that the movie had on my dormant emotional repertoire had let loose enough that i could see clearly once more. after the "strong-willed" eva kor forgives her "nazi captors" the movie begins to delve into what forgiving is all about, at least from the viewpoint of kor. the movie goes about following her, past her public statement forgiving the nazis and into new territory. to me, this was the meat of the movie, surrounded by inedible fat of her "act of forgiveness". obviously, it was a very sick cow.on a mission to test her theory of forgiveness, in order to heal wounds of the past, she makes her way to the "promised land" to meet with some arabs, to discuss with them the issues that they face and to see if dialogue cannot lead to a better understanding of the situation and heavily interspersed with debates and discussions with jews in the us on her act of forgiving the nazis, including one at a jewish center in chicago. from then on, anyone not so teary eyed that they can't see the screen will find it hard-pressed to miss the obvious contradiction in her statements.firstly, you immediately notice her body language, defensive and unwilling to listen in a room full of arab scholars and teachers. her comments about how she feared that they might kidnap her shows how much of a waste of time, effort and money the entire act was. a rather annoyed dr sami advan (professor of education at bethlehem university) gets it just right when he tells kor off for a statement she makes about how she would rather be asleep in her apartment.finally, the debate at the jewish center in chicago, where she is "grilled" on the meaning of forgiveness and her right to do so, in the wake of those that continue suffering through the trauma of the acts.i will cut to the chase. by the end of the movie, i was hoping i hadn't chosen to watch the movie. the movie was badly made, failing to delve deeper into anything about auschwitz apart from the purely trivial, just sufficient to make sure the holocaust is refreshed in the viewers memory and to incite a barrage of tears. it showed that kor, the subject of the documentary was unable to engage in fair discussion. her discussion abilities were limited to parroting her stance on forgiveness (at best) to a complete unwillingness to listen or participate.lastly, is everyone so retarded today that they can't notice the difference between making peace and forgiving? quoting another imdb user, "i don't see her forgiveness as being weak- quite the contrary, she just wanted to relieve its hold from her soul, she wanted the suffering to be over, so she let it go." that would be the perfect layman's definition of making peace.i guess, in a world of propaganda, blind faith and political correctness, there is no room to question those that have "gone through more than the human mind can fathom".p.s. the dictionary certainly should go into all those books-to-buy lists everyone keeps making.

roommates sugar and bobby lee are abducted by menacing dudes while out shopping one day and taken back to a secluded island that the girls reluctantly tell the thugs that they last visited when they were ten years of age and that a fortune is located on. all that just pretty much bookends a movie that is pretty much one long flashback about the girls first visit to the island and subsequent fight with a cannibalistic family.this one is extremely horribly acted by everyone involved to the point that i started feeling bad for poor hank worden who truly deserved much much better. as much as i didn't like "barracuda" (that's on the same dvd) i have to admit that this film makes that one look like citizen kane.eye candy: one pair of tits (they might belong to kirsten baker) my grade: f dark sky dvd extras: vintage ads for various drive-in food; and trailers for "bonnie's kids" (features nudity), "the centerfold girls", "part-time wife" (features nudity), "psychic killer", & "eaten alive". the dvd also comes with 1978's "barracuda"

this is available on a "drive in double feature" from dark sky films, and since i just had finished up "barracuda", i watched this too. this is a film that proves to be incredibly ambitious and inept at the same time.we begin with two young ladies wandering the streets of some foreign town, but where exactly are they? they stop to look at necklaces from some chinese vendor, and try on chinese-style clothes at a shop, but then we see some aztec dancers? and all the while, these girls are being followed by two guys, who eventually drop whatever stealth they didn't have to chase the girls on a wild run though the town, and they finally catch them.it seems that one of the girls has a coin on a string around her neck, and these guys want to find the loot, and where did she get it? so, in flashback, we go back to find out. and how did they know she had this coin? hard to say, really.now, back in the day, when these two women were 10 years old, they were out with their sisters and their sister's boyfriends on a boat, and after stopped to get air in their tanks, they tow this young boy back to his home dock, only to have his grandpa come out & invite the "young 'uns" up for herbal tea with granny. but not everyone has the tea, todd has gone back to the boat to check on the young girls, and then when they're away from it, the boat blows up, and when they get back to the house their friends have mysteriously disappeared. well, it seems as though these "kindly folk" raise their own vegetables but they wait for the meat to drop by for a spell, and serve it herbal tea.but the girls and todd did leave the island, but now, they're returning, escorted by their captors, and they're there to find the treasure, despite the fact that no one ever showed the girls where it was before. there also seems to be someone else on the island, and the thugs mysteriously begin to die, one by one, and since there's only three, it doesn't take long. and there's even a sort of happy ending, which will leave the viewer every bit as baffled as they were throughout the rest of the film.the two thugs seem to be speed freaks with anger issues, and combined with no acting ability they're borderline hilarious. the hillbilly-type family is also devoid of acting ability, despite the fact that the grandpa is hank worden, who appeared in many films and tv shows. the action is confusing, the locales are even more confusing, and the island looks like southern california.so what the hell is this? i'm not sure, but it certainly is worth seeing once so you can think (or say), huh? 4 out of 10, very bizarre.

first of all i just want to say that i love this show!!! but this episode...this episode makes a mockery of the entire show.i don't know what they tried to achieve with this episode but they successfully created the worst episode in the entire series.there is no story line, everything is chaotic and the jokes.....are crap.the way they tried to answer some of the remaining questions in the game..... for example "how do the furlings look like" by creating that stupid "previously on..."......is simply embarrassing.its clear that the writers are running out of ideas and that is really too bad.

this really should deserve a "o" rating, or even a negative ten. i watched this show for ages, and the show jumped the shark around series 7. this episode, however, is proof that the show has jumped the shark. it's writing is lazy, absurd, self-indulgent and not even worthy of rubbish like beavis and butthead.it is quite possible to be ridiculous and still be fun -- pirates of the caribbean, the mummy, count of monte cristo -- all "fun" movies that are not to be taken seriously. however, there is such thing as ridiculous as in "this is the worst thing i've ever seen." and indeed, this is the worst episode of stargate i've ever seen. it's absolutely dreadful, and this coming from someone with a stargate in her basement.makes me want to sell all of my stargate props, most seriously.

i bought bloodsuckers on ebay a while ago. i watched parts and deemed it just too dumb to review again. the excessive amount of watery 'blood' at the beginning is just plain obsolete - not to mention the "whip-around" wind sounds. my friends and i made a super low budget movie, and the effects still exceeded this crap fest.as for the amount of mistakes in this movie, there are way too many to count. i knew one of the actors - believe it or not, he was my theatre teacher. ha! final verdict: don't bother with this "horror" flick. 3 stars (out of a possible 73)

80 minutes, and it felt twice that long! brief crossing is not brief enough. indeed, the first 50 minutes or so consist almost entirely of a dialogue (more of a monologue, really) of a woman approaching middle age, tediously droning about "men," disappointment, sex, aging, and her recent breakup, to a french teenager she met in the ship's cafeteria.the tedious monologue continues as they go to duty-free shop, and to a bar, where finally her self-involved rant pushes him away. the "story" can't end there, of course, so she persuades him to listen to her drone on more as she brings him to her cabin.what little romance, sex, or for that matter, anything at all this film has besides bitter rantings is hardly enough to justify the price of a rental unless you are one of those who love dramas where nothing interesting happens at all. yes, the ending is very nicely done, but it is scant reward to subject yourself to what amounts to a turning your living room into a virtual therapy session with a narcissistic whiner.of course, some people like it. i could be wrong.

it has its merit's; morvern callar is both the merits and the disappointments. she's so enigmatic, so original. is it her method of dealing with the pain of a lost one that's making her so distant and un-relatable? or is she as one reviewer called her a revolutionary? personally i'd call her dysfunctional.morvern is completely detaching herself. disposing of her boyfriend, not thinking of informing family or using the money he gave her for a proper funeral, she selfishly splashes out on a trip to spain. she's seems so devoid of anything relatively human bar greed. the only element that enables the audience see the human side of her is her close friend she takes on holiday with her. although by the end her friend is dumped and morvern has nothing that ties her down to humanity. she may as well have killed herself.despite managing to make spain look as gloomy and bland as the uk the director's shots were superb, the lighting and color made the film visually stunning.it's really a shame the movie has nothing in it that keeps interest. it's little over 90 minutes but feels a lot longer. they manage to make morvern seem interesting to grab your attention but do nothing with her only alienate her from you more to the point where you don't care about the characters or the film.

my wife and i watch a film every night with no distractions, and mostly artsy films that require thought. i have tons of patience for films that are slow to blossom. my wife has double the attention span that i do. all that being said-- this film is just plain empty and boring! it went nowhere. never blossomed. it started fairly strong with a promising plot...then she bakes cookies...goes to spain....she sulks, she stares....the credits roll. uneven, full of holes, false starts & dead ends. we ff'd through several extended sequences of her just staring off into space. artificial depth was implied when she played with the mud and cried. zzzz...... it's like a beautifully shot chick-flick that's pretending to be deep or artsy. you never get to know nor understand morvern at all. about halfway through you just don't care anymore. we just wanted to see at least one of the plot lines develop. don't waste your time on this. i'm shocked it scores so high.

nothing happens.then characters with no personality don't develop.then the end never comes because there's no beginning and no middle.there are beautiful shots that are made not beautiful because they aren't even allowed to be, because this movie isn't even there. there's no "is" in this movie because there's no plot or characters or themes or ideas or symbolism or discussion or dialog or point. there's nothing! there is a good point: it has a good soundtrack. but the sound editing is such and the movie proper is such that watching it isn't even worth your time, so if you're really interested, i'd suggest going and buying the soundtrack or something. you'll get everything you can from this movie without all the fatigue, headache, and impatience.--polarisdib

there are a lot of pretentious people out there who will pretend that this is endowed with some kind of beautiful meaning, and that ignorant fools like me don't 'get' it. obviously this means that we should stick to hollywood dross.it has every, a-hem, artistic cliché in the book - i guess it is good that the director is one of the chosen few. almost a self parody drowning in its own pretense.the director of the (almost equally embarrassing) movie 'ratcatcher' returns with another piece wallowing in artistic nonsense; it is difficult to understand and apparently is a study of alienation. the best way to describe this film is alienating for its viewers.

it was probably just my dvd---but i would not recommend that anyone try to watch this picture on a dvd.i had to turn up the volume on my tv to the highest possible level, in order to hear about 80 percent of the dialog. some of the talking still remained sub-audible. if you're from scotland, you might have a chance, albeit a slim one.peoples voices were drowned out by nearly all ambient sounds, including unwrapping a package, footsteps, even puffing on a cigarette. with the volume turned up to a level at which voices can be heard, i can guarantee that at least one of your neighbors will phone the police when the scene changes to a loud environment, such as a disco. and that you will injure yourself diving for the remote to turn it back down.there is art and there is art, even in the field of audio mixing. but this effort, in a time of war, would meet international criteria to be classified as an atrocity.after about a half hour, i gave up, having seen nothing else redeeming in the picture, either.

when a movie of a book seems pointless and incomprehensible, the cause can invariably be found in the book: either it was pointless to start with, or the point is one not easily conveyed to film, or the movie missed the point, which is the most frequent of these results, and the easiest to happen, especially when the point is one not easily defined. the book "morvern callar" has a point; every reader of the book must have felt this, and felt as if he had gotten it; but i suspect most of them could not state it in words. i'm not sure i can, myself, but perhaps it comes to this, or something like it: things come, things go, such is life, but we carry on; or at any rate some of us--people like morvern--do. no doubt a more erudite critic could construct a more adequate definition. but the important fact is that there is a point--possibly the sum of the entire story is the point--and that this would have been the main thing to keep in view, and to carry over, in adapting the story to film. the maker of this film evidently missed the point, and doesn't substitute one of her own; and so the film is about nothing.this is not the usual complaint of a book-lover that his favorite text has been violated. the merit of the book is something i conceded grudgingly: in reading it i found it a bloody nuisance, and an occasion for kicking the author in the pants and getting him in to finish the job properly. the narrative is supposed to be the work of the half-educated morvern, but that illusion is constantly dispelled by a dozen different types of literary effect, as if the author were poking at her with his pen; there are inconsistencies of style and tone, as if different sections had been composed at different times; and any conclusions i could reach about morvern had to remain tentative because it was uncertain which implications the author intended and which he did not: for instance, despite morvern's own self-characterization as a raver, am i wrong that in the end she remains essentially a working-class scots girl, and beneath her wrapping of music downloads not so different from those of generations past? in any case, despite my irritation at the author, i couldn't deny that his book stuck with me; and what i couldn't get out of my head was his character's attitude, her angle on the world, which was almost as vivid as a goya portrait. morvern is the kind of person who's always encountering situations at once rather comic and rather horrible; occasionally she invites them but more often they land on her, like flies, so that much of her life consists of a kind of gauche but graceful slogging-through, unconsciously practical and unconsciously philosophical--and that doesn't begin to describe it idiosyncratically enough. the complex of incidents and of morvern's responses to them are the substance of the book, and its achievement, in exposing a cross-section of existence it would be difficult to illuminate otherwise; for all my dislike of the book, i can see this.the morvern just described is not the morvern of the movie; or if it is, most of her is kept offscreen. an actress who might have been a good fit for the character, had she been the right age at the right time, is angharad rees, from the old tv series "poldark". samantha morton, then, would seem like good casting: she's rather the same sort of actress, and in one of her earlier movies, "jesus' son", she played a girl who with a few adjustments could have been turned into this one. unfortunately, as the film turned out, she doesn't have the character from the book to play. for one thing, the book is one that, if it is to be dramatized, virtually cries out for monologues by the main character to the audience; without her comments, her perspective, her voice, the story loses most of its meaning. it has lost more of it in that the adaptor has expurgated it of its comic and horrible elements: the most memorable incidents from the book are curtailed before they turn grotty, and so morvern's responses (whether of amusement or distaste, depending on her mood) are missing too, and the incidents no longer have a reason for being in the story. in short, the filmmaker chose for some reason to turn a brisk, edgy serio-comic novel into a genteel art tv film, and chose as her typical image one of ms. morton languishing in a artistically shaded melancholy; as if the outing morvern signs up for were a tour of the stations of the cross. this isn't at all what the book, or the morvern of the book, was about. for another thing, the morvern of the movie isn't scottish (the actress said in an interview she hadn't had time to study up the accent), and she ought to be: it's important that she, her family, and her mates are all from a single place. and finally the film is missing the end of the story: morvern's spending all she has and coming home to icy darkness: it's winter, the dam has frozen, the power has gone out, and the pub is dark. minus this, and minus all of the rest, what's left is a failed art film, a dead film, about a subject whose strength lay precisely in her refusal, or native inability, ever to give in to being dead.

lynne ramsey makes arresting images, and samantha morton can summon feeling with a gesture. so what a drag to discover their talents wasted on this mannered, pretentious lark. ramsey can't bring callar to life. her attempts are too arty and oblique. repeatedly her camera lingers on long silent shots of the agonizing actress as if morton's obliterated gaze alone could supply character. we are in a blank warholian hell of self-indulgence: for a film that has minutes to spare on bugs crawling across the floor, you might think it could get round to fleshing out its protagonist. but how will it do so if she rarely speaks? without the novel's interior monologue, the celluloid morvern callar is nobody. small wonder ramsey has morton undress often.that said, the first ten minutes were so impressively acted, shot and edited that my hopes were soaring. give the film that much: it knows how to make promises, if not how to keep any.

i have to admit that i stuck this one out thinking something would have to happen, besides the dead body in the first scenes... and her disposal of him. i was wrong. it was a cinema verite of betty hits the beach encased for the first part by mordant morven. i really don't care what young lassies from scotland do these days, who thy screw, what drugs they take. visually, the stroll through the cabo de gata in andalucia was pleasant and surely the high point for me. the nadir was the chop shop for her dead boyfriend. as the movie came to a close i had two thoughts... 1. that's all there is? 2. now i see why her boyfriend killed himself. rename it. "bare bitch boredom, or what i did on my trip to spain." i'm such a sucker for sticking these things out.

i'm a fan of arty movies, but regretfully i have to report this movie to be pretentious drivel. agonisingly slow to develop a non-existent plot based on a promising premise, the experience is, shall we say, trying. even after bad movies i feel that i learn something, or enjoyed some aspect, but there there was nothing to appreciate. the premise was not uninteresting, but the movie starts and ends there. the acting was ok, though the characters were utterly boring. for the protagonist to aim at such an audacious goal, she is mightily empty. pity. i usually enjoy movies that are unformulaic, but lack of formula should not be confused with zero content.

it a bit peculiar that a story that is placed in a part of oslo where a very high percentage of the local residents is from an asian background does not even show one asian or african person, not even as an extra. that fact probably describes norwegian race relations in general. - however.no spoilers - only a brief introductory description:buddy portrays four young people living in a flat-share in oslo. the protagonist are two young men that don't manage to direct their life in any serious fashion, and one might say that the film could be about being indecisive and avoiding responsibility - a sort of fear of growing up. the narrative plays on typical teenage dreams and fantasies and lifestyle role models. quite the cliché. although the story is mildly funny, the acting is good and as a 'young person' one can sort of identify with the characters `crazy' situations and complicated love affairs, i don't find the story or the characters very believable. to polished and lacking in depth. this film uses all the classic audience pleasing tricks to make an entertaining film that has as much intellectual depth as `friends' (yes that show on tv).has norwegian film finally found its identity?: audience pleasers in well known american style.how about watching lukas moodysson's tillsammans (together).

since "rugrats"' falling from the category of good and funny cartoon series to a mediocre and indeed outright horrible fare for two year olds in the past three or four years, obviously the tyrants at klasky-csupo should be out of ideas. after dumbing down all of the characters, adding even stupider new ones, replacing some voices (though i like nancy cartwright, she is not chucky finster!), and having no sense of continuity (ex.: in a kimi episode i watched the other day, tommy and chucky each got a new puppy; but it subsequent episode, the aforementioned dogs never appear), you'd think the creators could kill the show for mercy. but noooo.all i will say concerning this special is that it sucks! while not as horrible as the kimi episodes, everyone is even stupider than they were, including grandpa (my god! he used to be the best character on the show, but now, he has no real purpose). the ending is needlessly fluffy, and the only thing different between this and other crappy new episodes ('98-'01) is that the kids can interact with adults. whoa, what fun!no stars at all for "the rugrats all growed up". klasky-csupo, please destroy this show before it gets any worse.

***comments contain spoilers*** i was barely holding on to this show as appointment tv when they started the annoying music under every scene, when don epps was averaging almost a shooting per case, when the very nasally diane farr was obviously pregnant (but we weren't to notice) and when colby was a f*****g triple agent. but now, in tonight's episode,david is trapped with a paranoid, nut job who is an obvious amateur with a gun, in an elevator and....he can't disarm him. a trained, experienced field agent who has been 1st through the door many times and is experienced in hand-to-hand fighting, can't take out a nut job. not when said nut job blinks, looks away, drops his head, closes his eyes; not even when he looks up at the fiber optic wire wriggling around the ceiling like a stripper on a pole for 20 seconds.then the scene came that let me know that as much as i enjoy learning from the chubby, frumpish but very charming charles epps and his sexy sidekick/love interest amita, my friday nights will be better spent otherwise engaged. don gives david the "distress word" that is the code for "the s**t is about to go down"; david is ready, they kill the lights, drop the elevator, startle the nut job and......david cannot disarm/kill/beat into submission the nut job. the bad guy ends up with both guns, david ends up shot.i'm done. hope the numb3rs are fun.

here, let me wave my hands over the keyboard, i'll tell you what salad she's going to order. over and over, works like a charm: he's such a genius, omg how does he do it? my bullshit detector freaks if i even pass this show when i'm scanning channels, i have to be very careful (these days it's useful far too often, so i don't need it getting broken on idiotic crap like this...careful with that remote!). is this supposed to be some fascist propaganda to make people believe in some invisible realm of uberman control and mastery? or what? why does it exist??this is the most inane show, completely unbelievable and contrived, and i cannot understand why it's still on the air. so may geeks give so much better shows such a hard time (sarah connor chronicles, true blood), but give this nonsensical drivel a pass. shows like firefly (if there were any like that) fall away after a season, but mindless stuff like this that makes zero logical sense just keeps marching on. yeccch.

as an engineer, i must say this show's first season started out very promising. most of the applied mathematics were somewhat plausible, and the relationships portrayed between the eppes brothers and father gave the show an interesting edge.but after the first season, the show started degrading, heavily. most of the mathematics and technology used in crime solving is now utter gibberish and very laughable to all people involved in science & technology for real.the involvement from the actors still feels okay and i can imagine a fair amount of money is still going into producing each episode, but in the end, this has degraded to a very unpleasantly tasting dish which is a mix of a grade c action thriller and csi style cop show.if you are gonna watch it, go for only the first season and possibly parts of the second. thereafter i would not waste my time. myself, i gave the show up midway through season 3.season 1 - 8 stars season 2 - 5 stars season 3 - 3 starslet's sum that up to 4 stars. since charlie doesn't know his math anymore, i won't bother with the correctness of mine either.

after watching a dozen episodes, i decided to give up on this show since it depicts in an unrealistic manner what is mathematical modeling. in the episodes that charlie would predict the future behavior of individuals using mathematical models, i thought that my profession was being joked about. i am not a mathematician, instead a chemical engineer, but i do work a lot with mathematical models. so i will try to explain to the layman why what is shown is close to "make-believe" of fairy tales.first, choosing the right model to predict a situation is a demanding task. charlie eppes is shown as a genius, but even him would have to spend considerable time researching for a suitable model, specifically for trying to guess what someone will do or where he will be in the near future. individuals are erratic and haphazard, there is no modeling for them. isaac asimov even wrote about that in the 1950's. even if there were a model for specific kind of individual, it would be a probabilistic (stoichastic) one, meaning it has good chance of making a wrong prediction.second, supposing the right model for someone or a situation is found, the model parameters have to be known. these parameters are the constants of the equations, such as the gravity acceleration (9.8 m/s2), and often are not easy to determine. again, charlie eppes would have to be someone beyond genius to know the right parameters for the model he chooses. and after the model and the parameters are chosen, they would have to be tested. oddly, they are not, and by miracle, they fit exactly the situation that is being predicted.third, a very important aspect of modeling is almost always neglected, not only by numbers, but also by sci-fi movies: the computational effort required for solving these models. try to make excel solve a complex model with many equations and variables and one will find doing a herculean job. even if charlie eppes has the right software to solve his models, he might be stuck with hardware that will be dreadfully slow. and even with the right software/hardware combination, the model solution might well take days to be reached. he solves them immediately! i could use his computer in my research work, i would be very glad.as a drama, it is far from being the best show. the characters are somewhat stereotyped, but not even remotely funny as those in big bang theory are. the crimes are dull and the way charlie eppes solves them sometimes make the fbi look pretty incompetent.for some layman, the show might work. for others, the way things are handled makes it difficult to swallow!

the "math" aspect to this is merely a gimmick to try to set this tv show apart from the millions of other cop shows. the only redeeming aspect to this show is rob morrow, although his career must have been (undeservedly) waning after northern exposure if he signed up for this schlock.the lame-ness of the "math" aspect to the show is encapsulated in one episode co-starring lou diamond phillips (which just confirms that this show is the last refuge of the damned.) in order to catch a fugitive, the "mathematician" uses some theory about "bubbles". so, he gives this long explanation that, if we have seen the suspect in places a, b and c, then we can use "bubble theory" to calculate where he might be. he does this all on a chalkboard, or maybe with a stick in the dirt (i cant remember).anyway, when you look at the finished product, he basically took three spots, and picked a point right in the middle and said "ok, mathematically, here's where we are most likely to find the fugitive." at which point, one other character points out "oh, that point also happens to be the cabin where the guy used to live." is that math? its not even connect-the-f**k**g-dots!!! this show reminds me of the math major i used to work with in banking who had a mathematical analysis he could do to "support" points that every one else had already agreed on through either less-complex analysis or basic common sense.it just goes to show -- when you're a hammer, everything looks like a nail. i can't wait til they stick the numb3rs team on osama... they'll use calculus, call an airstrike in the middle of the mountains, and hit osama and not even scratch the five children he uses as human shields... cuz hey... its all about the numbers.totally ludicrous tv show.

this is really really bad. lamas shows just how a second rate actor does his job. but what makes it worth watching is the scene where oj angrily grabs a fellow cop by the throat as if to kill them while the jukebox plays a song with the lyric "i got the evidence on you!". (makes me want to hear the rest of the lyrics - attributed to david gregoli and leslie oren but i couldn't find it on itunes). talk about seeing into the future...too funny for words. the rest of the movie is forgettable. the score and songs are more interesting than the script. ditto the sequel. which begs the question of why they would do a sequel at all. my understanding was that foreign sales drives a lot of these b movies. doesn't say much for the world's viewing habits.

"cia codename:alexa" is an absolute horrible rip off of luc besson's classic film "la femme nikita"(1990). the film is basically about a woman who is taken in and trained by the cia and is forced to do a secret mission for them. (pretty much the same story structure of la femme nikita) the acting combo of lorenzo lamas and o.j. simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history. lamas' "acting" is simply a bad steven segal impersonation. watching orenthal act in this film is an excruciating experience.the writing and acting is so poor in this film at times it is laughable. there are so many action movie "conventions" in the film it is ridiculous: unnecessary car explosions, people flying thru glass windows, terrorists, bad ponytails, etc. the musical score resembles david michael frank's score for "hard to kill" (1990), which furthers the steven segal theme of this movie. there is plenty of martial arts in the film, and it is pretty well done for a low budget american production. the mindless action and over the top acting never lets up, and i have to admit i was mildly entertained. lorenzo lamas had the look of an action star back in the early 90's but he is certainly no action star, that is why he is doing soap operas and not action blockbusters. my recommendation is that you skip "cia codename:alexa" and check out "la femme nikita" instead.

lorenzo lamas stars as some type of cia agent, who captures some exotic beauty named alexa, kidnaps her daughter and forces her to fight her former employers. o.j simpson is also on board to provide a dash of acting credibility for the not so talented ensemble. i must admit i'm not a fan of lorenzo lamas, or his movies. he stinks. however when compared to o.j simpson and lamas' comatose wife kinmont, lamas seems like ah, jean-claude van damme. i only saw cia because of the renewed interest around the o.j simpson trial, you see because if your parents had cable and the extra channels, you couldn't escape this movie. in 1994 you could go to an amish community and some moron would have this playing in their portable tv. the movie itself is a collection of lame action sequences and would be intrigue although the shock value of o.j simpson jumping after fireballs and exchanging would be one liners do provide some unintentional humor. also where was bobby knight and kobe bryant to make this a complete camp classic? * out of 4-(bad)

spoiler alert in this generic and forgettable action movie, lorenzo lamas does his usual tough guy/pretty boy act, and his future real life ex kathleen kinmont is ass kicking hot chick alexa. oj simpson is a detective, coasting by on his since vanished genial public persona. translation: cable tv filler. there isn't enough skin to qualify this as a guilty pleasure.the script has some gaping holes. best/worst moment: in one jarring scene, oj's partner expresses his aversion to the morgue. oj responds that some of the bodies are pretty hot, or words to that effect. this vague necrophilia reference is offensive enough; but in light of the murders committed shortly after this movie was released, it is truly appalling, and therefore entertaining in an unintentional, horrible way. i was so startled that i laughed until champagne came out of my nose. now that's a guilty pleasure. bc

as someone who likes chase scenes and was really intrigued by this fascinating true-life tale, i was optimistic heading into this film but too many obstacles got into the way of the good story it should have been.the bad - i'm a fan of robert duvall and many of the characters he has played, but his role here is a dull one as an insurance investigator.the dialog is insipid and the pretty kathryn harrold is real garbage-mouth. from what i read, there were several directors replacing each other on this film, and that's too bad. you can tell things aren't right with the story. i couldn't get "involved" with treat williams' portrayal of cooper, either. he should have been fascinating, but he wasn't in this movie. it's also kind of a sad comment that a guy committing a crime is some sort of "folk hero," but i admit i wound up rooting for the guy, too.not everything was disappointing. i can't complain about the scenery, from the lush, green forests of oregon to the desert in arizona.i'd like to see this movie re-made and done better, because it is a one-of-a-kind story.

i can't believe that people thought this stinking heap of trash was funny. shifting the attempts at humor among cruelty, disgust and stupidity, 'there's something about mary' leaves little reason to stay until the end. sure, cameron diaz is very pretty, but that is never going to be enough to save a movie. ben stiller tries hard to work within the plot, and is obviously very talented, but the movie is a loser.not once were any of the scenes believable. the shots were badly timed and poorly framed. the farreley brothers should be kept away from making films at all costs. i check imdb to see what they are working on just so i know what to avoid.2/10; the bonus is from the one time i smiled. it's not like i'm immune to humor or alone in my opinion. my wife hated it, too. the next day we saw 'rush hour' and laughed ourselves silly. this movie just stunk.

to be honest at the time i first heard of this show i though it may be a bad idea to make a show that makes muslims use racial jokes on themselves but it is the exact opposite. i realized that the show doing that can help people understand that if a muslim uses s a word like this in real life it doesn't mean it is a terrorist thing. it also show's how people give the muslims a bad name because they play on their stereotype, by watching the show regular people will realize that all though there may be bad muslims out it doesn't mean we are all bad we just try to live 1 day at a time, like how hard it was for amair to get on a plane and how he used words like "blow up" or yaser saying we'll blow away the competition, and people took it the wrong way. being a muslim i know that stuff like this don't usually happen, but they do and many people think bad things about muslims or afghanistan or iraq, its not right things are not like that. people will see how we are poorly treated by watching this show and it may make them think on how the act. i am glad a show like this came on the air. there are many shows that piotr muslim people as terrorists,many people do find them funny to my opioion it is ok to do it now and then because prety much everything is made fun of who are we to say you can not make fun of that is unfair, but it is done to often and really gives muslin people a bad name.

director kevin connor and wannabe action-hero / romantic lead doug mcclure, re-team in this ghost story set in japan. they had been moderately successful together in the 1970's, with the likes of 'the land that time forgot' (1975), 'at the earth's core' (1976) etc. without plastic monsters to carry the narrative along though, the results are shabby and derivative in the most corny way.the film begins with a prologue set in the 19th century, with a samurai husband killing his wife and her lover before committing suicide. a move forward to the present introduces married couple ted & laura, visiting japan and moving in to the house where the tragedy took place.no surprises as to what happens next, with the spirits of the dead starting to take over the new inhabitants with family friend alex (mcclure) assuming the role of the wife's lover.everything rumbles clumsily along with the elegance and grace of a charging elephant, to an inevitable ( but surprisingly downbeat ) conclusion. main points of interest are two feeble decapitations ( 'the omen' has a lot to answer for in promoting this as a standard horror set-piece ), and the love-making scenes featuring the doe-eyed but extremely kinky susan george. the first is a long 'don't look now' inspired piece with her hubby, complete with piano music; the second a much shorter (probably at her insistence) entanglement with mcclure, both looking pretty uncomfortable. anyway, every cloud has a silver lining and both scenes show of her fantastic knockers so all is not lost.overall i can't decide whether 'the house where evil dwells' is rubbish, watchable rubbish, or entertaining in a masochistic kind of way. if you're not into the genre there is nothing here at all, but for horror fans there is probably enough to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort.best scene - in any other film the big, black, tree-climbing, japanese-muttering mechanical crabs would have stolen the show. they are eclipsed though by the legendary family meal scene, where a ghostly head appears in the daughters soup. on seeing this apparition she asks what kind of soup it is (!!!!), to be told beef and vegetable, before uttering the immortal line "ugh - there's an awful face in my soup". if this wasn't enough the reply is "c'mon, eat your soup for daddy." laurel & hardy rest in piece.

i just rented and watched this movie just to see what's all the fuss about. so here's what my reactions to it are. it's easily seen that this is a low budget film with poor actors. the main plot of this movie is about a woman getting revenge on her rapists. this concept if done right could easily turn out to be a really provocative film. however, the movie doesn't shock or disturb me at all. it just bored me. this movie could be easily shortened to under 45 minutes. all lot of scenes are mainly there to fill in time, like those scenery scenes and some scenes i described below.************contains spoiler************ i find the rape scenes quite tame. i don't know if i have watched the cut or uncut version, if there is actually such a version. i also found many plot holes within the already badly written plot. here's a list on top of my mind.why don't the rapists rape jennifer during the night when she walked out her house to find out what those noise are. that would be an excellent time.why don't they just gang rape her, instead of delaying some of the rapists the pleasure and lengthening jennifer's ordeal by such a long time. it would probably be more shocking and disturbing that way.i found it really stupid that the rapists left her in the forest and head back to her house. maybe to show that these rapists are really imbeciles.these rapists should at least know that if you want to do a dirty job right, they shouldn't send a coward imbecile to do the job.why didn't jennifer call the police when the rapists finally left? which should be the first thing that pops up in most people's mind, especially for someone who is a writer. why didn't these rapists smell danger miles away when they saw jennifer is alive?i find it really amazing that a slender lady like camille can pull a man up a tree and hang him. ************************ends spoiler************but hey, this movie is not without its merits, camille keaton is gorgeous and i get to hear one of the funniest line i have recently heard when matthew protest of going back into the house and kills jennifer, `why me? why me, i didn't even c^m!!!'

i've seen the gator bait films, and this is almost exactly the same thing as those. a woman is sexually assaulted by a group of degenerate men and systematically exacts her vicious revenge on each of them. the thing that sets this movie apart from those ones (although not very far) is that the sexual content is not glorified. there is full frontal nudity many times throughout the film, but not for a second is it ever sexy. some of the rape scenes might seem a little extensive, but that's only because the movie is trying to strengthen the audience's need to see this woman seek revenge.this is a weak film, it has no other way to maintain interest other than manipulating our natural desire to see this woman get revenge on her attackers. i spit on your grave is not the kind of movie that you expect to deliver a serious moral, but i was glad to see that, since it contained a significant amount of violence inflicted upon the female lead, it was not meant to pass off as a t&a film.b-movies are notorious for being driven by nudity and out of control adolescent sexuality, and while i spit on you grave is unmistakably a b-movie and contains more than its share of nudity, the nudity does not drive the plot. on the other hand, the only thing that drives the plot is an empty necessity for revenge against a group of rapists. these men are evolutionary drop-outs just like they were in the gator bait films, and the biggest challenge for the writers seems to have been to come up with new and exciting ways to kill them, but the reason the film can never be anything more than a meaningless b-movie is because it does not deliver a message of any kind, but instead it simply satisfies the audience's desire to see a bunch of rapists get exactly what they deserve. the one problem that this leaves is that we have to sit through the sexual attacks. oddly, the first half of the film is the part that contains the most nudity (although not by much), but it is by far the most painful to watch. we are even let down a little as we watch the woman obtain revenge since a couple of the deaths were so elaborate that they were obviously impossible (it seems like pure luck that the guy in the lake at the end felt such an overwhelming desire to hug the motor on the boat and press his genitalia against the propeller, staying that way while the woman yells some final words at him and pulls the cord), but again, this movie satisfies only the desire for revenge that the first half filled us with.(spoilers) you know that this is all the movie means to do, since it literally ends the minute the last guy is killed. the woman does not live happily ever after, she doesn't write her book, she doesn't leave and never return to that nightmare place, she just gets in the boat and motors around the lake while the movie simply stops in its tracks. but hey, what more did you expect?oh, and did you read the tagline? if you decide to waste your time watching this, try and find any man getting broken or burned. i was really looking forward to those

i'm not going to bother with a plot synopsis since you know what the movie is about and there's almost no plot, anyway. i've seen several reviewers call isoyg an 'anti-rape' film or even a feminist statement, and i just have to chime in on the galling hypocrisy of these claims.first of all, what do we see on the cover of this movie? that's right: a shapely woman's behind. whether it was zarchi's attempt to make an anti-rape statement - and i absolutely don't believe it was - is entirely beside the point. the film is marketing sex and the titillation of sexual assault and the material is so graphic (everything but actual penetration is shown) that no one but the hard core exploitation crowd will enjoy it.the rape(s) in the film is uncomfortable, brutal and hard to watch. there's something to be said for presenting a horrible crime in such a brutal light, but there was no reason for this scene to go on for seemingly 30 minutes, none. there was also little character development of the victim and only one of the rapists is slightly developed (mere moments before he's murdered) so the scene isn't at all engaging on an emotional level. really, it's just presented for the sake of showing extreme sexual violence and you can tell by the movies isoyg is associated with on imdb (caligula, cannibal ferox, etc.) that it attracts only the exploitation crowd.finally, a few reviewers have commended zarchi's so-called documentary style and lack of a soundtrack. but considering how inept everything else in the film is (acting, script, etc.) i suspect these were financial decisions and the film looks like a documentary because he literally stationed a camera and let his porn-caliber actors do their thing.i'm not going to get all up on my high horse talking about the content of isoyg. i'm all for exploitation / horror and love video nasties. in fact, i'm giving this movie three stars only because it truly does push the envelope so much further than some other films. however, it's also poorly made and after the rape occurs, just downright boring for the rest of the film as we watch a bunch of ho-hum, mostly gore-less murders and wait for the credits to roll.this is probably worth watching once if you're a hardcore 70s exploitation fan but i'm telling you, the movie is overall pretty bad and not really worth its notorious reputation.

okay, you have:penelope keith as miss herringbone-tweed, b.b.e. (backbone of england.) she's killed off in the first scene - that's right, folks; this show has no backbone!peter o'toole as ol' colonel cricket from the first war and now the emblazered lord of the manor.joanna lumley as the ensweatered lady of the manor, 20 years younger than the colonel and 20 years past her own prime but still glamourous (brit spelling, not mine) enough to have a toy-boy on the side. it's alright, they have col. cricket's full knowledge and consent (they guy even comes 'round for christmas!) still, she's considerate of the colonel enough to have said toy-boy her own age (what a gal!)david mccallum as said toy-boy, equally as pointlessly glamourous as his squeeze. pilcher couldn't come up with any cover for him within the story, so she gave him a hush-hush job at the circus.and finally:susan hampshire as miss polonia teacups, venerable headmistress of the venerable girls' boarding-school, serving tea in her office with a dash of deep, poignant advice for life in the outside world just before graduation. her best bit of advice: "i've only been to nancherrow (the local stately home of england) once. i thought it was very beautiful but, somehow, not part of the real world." well, we can't say they didn't warn us.ah, susan - time was, your character would have been running the whole show. they don't write 'em like that any more. our loss, not yours.so - with a cast and setting like this, you have the re-makings of "brideshead revisited," right?wrong! they took these 1-dimensional supporting roles because they paid so well. after all, acting is one of the oldest temp-jobs there is (you name another!)first warning sign: lots and lots of backlighting. they get around it by shooting outdoors - "hey, it's just the sunlight!"second warning sign: leading lady cries a lot. when not crying, her eyes are moist. that's the law of romance novels: leading lady is "dewy-eyed."henceforth, leading lady shall be known as l.l.third warning sign: l.l. actually has stars in her eyes when she's in love. still, i'll give emily mortimer an award just for having to act with that spotlight in her eyes (i wonder . did they use contacts?)and lastly, fourth warning sign: no on-screen female character is "mrs." she's either "miss" or "lady."when all was said and done, i still couldn't tell you who was pursuing whom and why. i couldn't even tell you what was said and done.to sum up: they all live through world war ii without anything happening to them at all.ok, at the end, l.l. finds she's lost her parents to the japanese prison camps and baby sis comes home catatonic. meanwhile (there's always a "meanwhile,") some young guy l.l. had a crush on (when, i don't know) comes home from some wartime tough spot and is found living on the street by lady of the manor (must be some street if she's going to find him there.) both war casualties are whisked away to recover at nancherrow (somebody has to be "whisked away" somewhere in these romance stories!)great drama.

with knightly and o'tool as the leads, this film had good possibilities, and with mccallum as the bad guy after knightly, maybe some tension. but they threw it all away on silly evening frill and then later on with maudlin war remnants. it was of course totally superficial, beautiful english country and seaside or not.the number one mistake was dumping knightly so early on in the film, when she could easily have played someone a couple of years older, instead of choosing someone ten years older to play the part. they missed all the chances to have great conflict among the cast, and instead stupidly pulled at the easy and low-cost heartstring elements.

quite what the producers of this appalling adaptation were trying to do is impossible to fathom.a group of top quality actors, in the main well cast (with a couple of notable exceptions), who give pretty good performances. penelope keith is perfect as aunt louise and equally good is joanna lumley as diana. all do well with the scripts they were given.so much for the good. the average would include the sets. nancherrow is nothing like the house described in the book, although bizarrely the house they use for the dower house looks remarkably like it. it is clear then that the dower house is far too big. in the later parts, the writers decided to bring the entire story back to the uk, presumably to save money, although with a little imagination i have no doubt they could have recreated ceylon.now to the bad. the screenplay. this is such an appallingly bad adaptation is hard to find words to condemn it. edward does not die in the battle of britain but survives, blinded. he makes a brief appearance then commits suicide - why?? loveday has changed from the young woman totally in love with gus to a sensible farmer's wife who can give up the love her life with barely a tear (less emotional than brief encounter). gus, a man besotted and passionately in love, is prepared to give up his love without complaint. walter (mudge in the book) turns from a shallow unfaithful husband to a devoted family man. jess is made into a psychologically disturbed young woman who won't speak. aunt biddy still has a drink problem but now without any justification. the dower house is occupied by the army for no obvious reason other than a very short scene with jess who has a fear of armed soldiers. whilst miss mortimer's breasts are utterly delightful, i could not see how their display on several occasions moved the plot forward. the delightfully named nettlebed becomes the mundane dobson. the word limit prevents me from continuing the list.there is a sequel (which i lost all interest in watching after this nonsense) and i wonder if the changes were made to create the follow on story. it is difficult to image that rosamunde pilcher would have approved this grotesque perversion of her book; presumably she lost her control when the rights were purchased.

being a filmmaker myself, and possessing a somewhat dark and subversive sense of humour, i thought i was in for a treat when i took home "my wrongs..." (not that the dvd cover gives anything away, instead opting for the ambiguous quote from controversialist director, chris morris, "a short film including scenes"). i should have known better really, and avoided this insipid (and often offensive) piece of twoddle.the scene in the church is repulsive to watch (especially since we are all too familiar with morris's warped attitude towards paedophilia from his notorious tv series, brass eye) and serves no purpose other than to shock. how this film is labelled a comedy i will never understand.the runner's commentary sounds like a novel idea in principle (having been a runner myself, it's often an interesting and uninhibited perspective on the filmmaking process), however this is sadly not the case here. instead, we are treated to some public schoolboy ranting about dogs on film, before concluding that there are no really great movies starring dogs. this is all very interesting, but not worth a single frame of celluloid.to say that this film goes nowhere would be an understatement. it relies far too heavily upon its heightened style, at the expense of plot, character and dialogue, leaving the viewer strangely perturbed and unfulfilled. its over-simplified message - that man should take responsibility for his actions - is both glaringly obvious and poorly illustrated.the film does have its moments of pseudo-kafkaesque surrealism, but ultimately, it fails to convince, to entertain, to enlighten and just ends up being irritating. if you want to see a really great piece of short filmmaking, i strongly recommend "franz kafka's it's a wonderful life", by peter capaldi.

simply not the quality i expected from morris (love brass eye and blue jam). this is very much like a not so bad student film. what concerns me, in all this is why did it win a bafta??? morris makes fun of 'enshrined mediocrity' (ayn rand) in much of his work (nathan barley) and yet with this piece is urinating down the backs of the talented and telling us its raining! i just hope as he has chosen a subject i would love to tackle (the humanity of terrorism - four lions) that he isn't going to cock that up, wasting the opportunity to make a statement about the farce of mainstream ignorance and opinion on this emotive and heavily spun phenomena.

there's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets. it's just that some are better than others. this is very poor. the acting is awful, the script dire; and the special effects overrated.why does hollywood treat it's audience with such contempt? and why have they made a sequel?

one of the major flaws in this film is that while the mocking of pretentious yuppies is satisfying, it fails to realize that the movie makers themselves are guilty of being one of those that deserve to be mocked. one of the characteristics of these yuppie types is the conceited misunderstanding that they (the yuppies) are the only ones sophisticated enough to understand art. while the movie ignores this characteristic and instead focuses on their misunderstandings of dinning, i find it ironic that only people who enjoy this movie boast the same conceited taste in films as the characters do in their choice of dinner. if these pompous characters that were in this movie have a video library at home, i would bet that american psycho would be one of those movies.

enough is enough...sometimes they just need to stop making movies based on a concept that is long dead. the first tremors movie was great. the second one was ridiculous. the third one was nauseating. the tv series was depressingly awful. and this movie just drives the stake deeper.basically another excuse for cheap computer effects and puppetry, now we have the series set in the wild west, in the 1800's, and they fight graboids. like a rehash of the first one, they have to learn how to beat them all over again. mildly entertaining i suppose. otherwise this straight-to-video release, just like tremors 2 and 3, is just going way too far. oh and i continue to wonder how there is never any record of these events taking place...did they just simply forget to record this unprecedented event? i think something like this would be history-making, so our pals in the first film wouldn't be so unprepared. movies like this that ruin the original just make me crazy. avoid this garbage.

dear dear dear dear dear...me! i had the strength to see it through... but why?!the first two films where fun and actually somewhat good. but this is so bad we had problems seeing the whole thing. this was some kind of tremors for kids. i can't believe this movie was made at all..seems like the props where taken from some bad western series of some kind (for kids) and they just did whatever they could with it.what audience is this movie for? i can only think of 12-14 year olds. if you're older than 14 you'll have serious problems with this movie. it's not only slow, but it's so utterly boring. the characters are overacted (not just a little either) and so stereotyped it's fun for a while..but not long enough to not make you want to fling tomatoes at the screen. you know everything that is going to happen too, cause yes...you've seen it a billion times before in any hero series on tv for kids. i picked all the survivors and all the tremor fodder the second the characters got introduced. it's so bad..so wrong..so...crap.but ok, we did get a laugh now and then. not just at the silly plot holes, but some scenes where worth a replay or two...or one scene that is, where two baby tremors fling themselves at one of the obvious tremor fodder guys..it's really a great scene which made us replay it over and over and laugh wholeheartedly. still makes me grin when i think about it. but that only happened one more time sadly..and that's when the "badass" gunman shows up and overacts his part wonderfully...that and one comment "they spring from the ground like some demonic trout!" at this point we where almost crying with laughter. but after that..nothing could ever top that..(?)..so it's pretty much downhill from there. so tops here are demonic trouts and overacting. if anybody ever tells you this is a good movie...he's either a "plant", vegetable or someone very evil. this movie has got to be the worst of the tremors by far. looking forward to seeing tremors 3, it's bound to be box office hit compared to this...this...*goosebumps* no..i'll leave it at that.

well...tremors i, the original started off in 1990 and i found the movie quite enjoyable to watch. however, they proceeded to make tremors ii and iii. trust me, those movies started going downhill right after they finished the first one, i mean, ass blasters??? now, only god himself is capable of answering the question "why in gods name would they create another one of these dumpster dives of a movie?" tremors iv cannot be considered a bad movie, in fact it cannot be even considered an epitome of a bad movie, for it lives up to more than that. as i attempted to sit though it, i noticed that my eyes started to bleed, and i hoped profusely that the little girl from the ring would crawl through the tv and kill me. did they really think that dressing the people who had stared in the other movies up as though they we're from the wild west would make the movie (with the exact same occurrences) any better? honestly, i would never suggest buying this movie, i mean, there are cheaper ways to find things that burn well.

just a few words.... this movie really sucks. it's like those tv movies with bad cast and plot. it's amazing how they could make this sequel worse than the iii. don't waste your time watching this crap, even if you like the tremors movies.

this, the direct-to-video death rattle of the tremors series, features sixty inspired seconds (sawblade: you'll know it when you see it) and more tedium and filler than you can shake a stick at. tremors 4 was obviously shot on a cripplingly low budget. that means they only had enough special effects mojo for three or four minutes of precious worm-on-human violence, tops. the lackluster, cliche-spouting cast and hackneyed writing ensure that the remaining hour and a half of the tremors 4 experience feels at least fifteen thousand years long. only hardcore tremors fans will be able to sit through, much less enjoy this film. if you aren't among them- don't bother.

the fourth "tremors" feature goes back in time, to the year 1889. "the legend begins" in the small city of "perfection", which was then "rejection, nevada". as the story begins, seventeen miners are killed by the ghastly "graboids". some of the characters in the present-day "tremors" films have ancestors, both figurative and literal, in the past. most obvious is the ever-returning michael gross (as hiram gummer). unlike his descendant, mr. gross is inept with firearms; so, he hires gunslinger billy drago (as "black hand" kelly) to shoot 'em up some "dirt dragons".this one takes some getting used to - as it takes place in the distant past. it's like a western with miniature versions of the original film's monster "graboids". these tamer "dirt dragons" are nowhere near as terrorizing as their "tremors" (1990) counterparts. consequently, in this film, the characters spend an awful lot of time on the ground, which would not have happened in the original movie. and, it was weird to have the citizens give up the fight so quickly, when gross temporarily decides to leave town. why so helpless? why didn't brent roam (as juan pedilla) immediately rally the people to fight without gross? disappointing.**** tremors 4: the legend begins (2004) s.s. wilson ~ michael gross, brent roam, billy drago

warning: this review contains minor spoilers.well the writers of the first tremors are officially out of ideas. i'm a big fan of the first movie and the first two sequels are pretty good for straight to video fare. tremors 4: the legends begins, however, is a very dull movie. where the heck are the graboids??? due to the relative lack of graboids through the first 90 minutes i'm convinced that this entry into the series is suppose to be a "character study". unfortunately there isn't one interesting character in the movie except for billy drago's character who is given too few lines, too little to do and in the end too little screen time. what saved the 2nd and 3rd movies was the presence of michael gross as burt gummer. whenever there wasn't any action on the screen you could rest assured that burt gummer was going to be interesting to listen too and/or watch. however in this movie gross plays hiram gummer a very poor and boring substitute. on the plus side when the graboids (dirt dragons in this movie) are on the screen they do look good but that is about as good as it gets.i was impressed when i saw that tremors 4 was listed at 101 minutes long. pretty good for straight to video. but after watching it i'm sure that this movie is a good 15 minutes too long. there are long stretches of dialogue that is boring and doesn't further the plot any. was there a rush to get this movie made? i think not, more time could have and should have been spent on the script.i thought i had hit a gold mine when i saw tremors 4 packaged for sale with....tremors!!! what luck i thought, pay for #4 get #1 for free. well after watching tremors 4 i like to think i paid for the original and got this mess for free, i can't imagine paying a single dime for tremors 4. for fans of the series it's best to forget that tremors 4: the legend begins even exists.tremors 4: the legend begins rates a 3 out of 10.

i found tremors 4:the legend begins, to be dull and boring.all the action scenes were stupid.the so called "graboids" are reduced to the size of a modern day house cat, if not smaller.the acting was horrendous, and this film was just an unnecessary movie in the tremor saga, because even though it tells the story of how the graboids were formed, the story is so dumb and useless.also, if you want to tell a story way back in time, make sure you use the same actor(michael gross), to be someone in the past, when he's someone in the present in the other tremor movies.geez...if you haven't seen this film, don't waste your time.stick to tremors, 1, 2, and 3, for a good time.this film however, make sure you're remote is sitting right next to you with the stop button working for a quick retreat away from this nonsense.

if fassbinder has made a worse film, i sure don't want to see it! anyone who complains that his films are too talky and claustrophobic should be forced to view this, to learn to appreciate the more spare style he opted for in excellent films like "the bitter tears of petra von kant". this film bogs down with so much arty, quasi-symbolic images it looks like a parody of an "art-film". the scene in the slaughterhouse and the scene where elvira's prostitute friend channel-surfs for what seems like ten minutes are just two of the most glaring examples of what makes this film a real test of the viewer's endurance. but what really angers me about it are the few scenes which feature just elvira and her ex-wife and/or her daughter. these are the only moments that display any real human emotion, and prove that at the core of this horrible film, there was an excellent film struggling to free itself. what a waste.

as if the storyline wasn't depressing enough, this movie shows cows being butchered graphically in a slaughterhouse for all of five minutes while the protagonist is narrating her early life as a butcher. weird stuff. then there's the core premise of the hero/heroine who goes and cuts his dick off because a he's besot-ten with at work says he would have gone with him if he was a girl. is this person a psycho, a masochist, just a doomed queen who takes things too far? and what sort of traumatic childhood did he have? just that he didn't get adopted and had to live it out with nuns who at first loved him and then later hated him because he was unruly. he tries to explain to us the reasons he did what he did, but it's really really so hard to empathize. such sad and unusual self destruction. was it supposed to be funny? what was it all about really?

this is a confused and incoherent mess of interminable scenes of boring dialogues and monologues. that is no exaggeration: you have to make a tremendous effort to even try to become involved with it.i sincerely thought fassbinder would make something interesting in order to tell why does erwin/elvira suicides at the end, but instead of this, in every scene somebody is trying to explain: "when he was young, this happened..." and "he just came back from casablanca and ordered to cut everything down there...", etc.soon in the movie, erwin/elvira is in a slaughter house talking with a friend prostitute (certainly a slaughter house is the best place for a pleasant little chat), and while telling her the story of elvira's life, fassbinder shows the killing of one cow after the other. it is difficult to choose between giving attention to the disturbing images or what the transvestite is saying. of course we come to the very forced and coarse symbolism of "i have suffered much in my life, and am about to die".in one of the sparse moments where actually happens something, erwin/elvira encounters a former lover, that only after performing a extremely gay choreography with two other guys (as if going for the necessary level of homosexuality) is that he recognizes elvira.there are some interesting shots and ideas, i must admit (such as when the nun tells the story of the young erwin), but everything on the movie is wasted due to fassbinder's self- indulgence.

it's funny. i've seen a bunch of fassbinder films and i have found some to be extremely creative and interesting, while others are repellent and self-indulgent messes--like this film. for me, it ranges from great to crap--without much in the middle. i know he has a lot of fans among the "sophisticated", but i can't help but think that a lot of his appeal is pure hype. from my point of view (and i know i will get a lot of negative ratings for this), he made too many movies too quickly and was too self-indulgent. his gay or gender-bending films (like this one) tend to be really bad--sloppily done, sometimes quite boring (such as querelle and the bitter tears of petra von kant) and sometimes just gross (like this film). couldn't his message about acceptance of a person's gender-confusion be handled better than showing him get slapped around or watching cows being gruesomely slaughtered? show some sensitivity for the subject matter and make your characters more human and sympathetic--then, maybe, i'd care about the films. i'm honestly at the point after watching this film that i might not bother with any more fassbinder films--the bad seems to be out-weighing the good.

this film is in the mandingo & drum typethey were both dreadful but they are 100% better than this tripe,badly acted & made oliver reed is the main name & eartha kitt also is in it. tis a pity. rating is 1/2* about as low as yu can getas alwaysjay harris

there are no reasons to watch this movie. should you have won and extreme amount of money and having spent your time discovering life's every pleasure and have come to a point where by chance you are at a loose end and have some time to kill (like that would ever happen) then get this movie from the video shop (if you can find it and put up with the assistant laughing at you then ask for this movie. be prepared however for you mind to be invaded by extremely wooden acting by absolutely everyone (in fact the best acting was by the people who said nothing). oliver reed tops off his grand career by playing a drunk - go figure. but wait i forgot there is one reason to watch this movie - claudia udy showing her chest! sadly no other reason than that!

this is an extremely silly and little seen film about slavery in the west indies and it stars puddy from the "seinfeld" show! patrick warburton made his film debut in this contrived movie and he's noticeably slimmer here. oliver reed got top billing but he's hardly in the film at all. warburton plays a white slave and its funny to see all the young and horny wives of rich old men bidding on him because they all want to have sex with him. eartha kitt plays an owner of a bordello and they're is so much nudity in the film. if its not drunken orgies at the bordello then its the young wives having they're turn with him. then of course towards the end the slaves revolt and there's the bloody standoff. no real political message like the film "burn" but just another contrived plot device to move the story along. incredibly they made a sequel and warburton and all the rest of the cast came back! i hope they got paid a lot of dough because this first film is pretty bad. the nudity keeps it watchable and warburton's lack of any accent make it at times laughable. very bad film but i got to admit that i want to see the sequel.

2 stars out of a possible 10 - and that is being overly generous.i thought with a cast of james woods, cathy bates, randy quaid, lou gossett, jr., and henry thomas - how could it miss. i was wrong.i can only wonder what drugs sam shepard was on the week-end he cranked out this piece of dribble. i'd long suspected sam s. of being kind of nuts, this film, based on his play, confirms it.this is the kind of artsy b.s. that actors love to sink their teeth into as it gives them a chance to endlessly emote. however, for the viewer who sits through this nonsensical trash, there is absolutely nothing to love about this movie.you haven't seen dysfunctional families until you've seen this bunch. pa is crazy, ma is crazy, the son is crazy and the daughter is, oh yeah, crazy. they also have mouths on them that utter words that would make a sailor blush, especially the teenage daughter.in addition to the above, as if that weren't enough, the plot--and it's so thin you could read thorough it--has a hole in it the size of alaska.ma is conspiring to sell their rundown farm. as it turns out so is pa. now i don't claim to be a real estate expert, but the last time i checked, property jointly owned must have both of the owners signatures in order to be sold. if only one of them owned the property, then the other could not legally sell it, so it would be pointless for that person to do so. mr. shepherd prefers to ignore this basic fact, and therefore, his plot does not work.not that anything else was really working anyway.the only possible reason anyone could have for watching this film is if they are absolutely desperate to see james woods in full frontal nudity, and i can't imagine why anyone would want to.

before seeing this movie, i would've said that i loved everything kathy bates has done. now it's everything-minus-one. james woods is pathetic...not his character, his acting. someone should've told him that "poor" is not synonymous with dirty, nor ignorant, nor cliche. ditto for randy quaid's stereotyping. the only redeeming feature is henry thomas, who isn't a strong enough actor to carry this sodden mess. if you enjoy the country, you'll enjoy the scenery. that's the best i can give it.i'm a serious fan of both independent and quirky films, but this is simply terrible.

this would've been a *great* silent film. the acting really is good, at least in a look ma, i'm doing really big acting! sort of way.everything is huge. every line is profound! every scene is shattered by human tragedy!mostly, i felt like gagging. yet, like any train wreck, i couldn't tear my eyes away. this dialogue might've worked on the stage, although i doubt it. on the screen, it was cluttered, haphazard, hackneyed and pretty much every other stereotypical negative adjective you can come up with to describe a really bad dramatic work.if you enjoy your melodrama in huge, heaping doses, you *might* enjoy the movie. be prepared to wait, however. for all that melodrama, this thing sure plods along at its own pace.this script must've sounded a lot different when the actors involved were reading it to themselves. it simply doesn't work once they get around to delivering it in front of the camera.imdb does us a great disservice, at times, when it uses its goofy computer-controlled "weighted score". curse of the starving class deserves less than a 1.character-driven fiction is great, but when you develop your characters by simply pushing them through hoops with no plausible explanation for their maturation or evolution, it isn't character development! your characters must have a motivation. being drunk for a while and waking up in a field is *not* character development. that's a plot contrivance.stay away from this movie. or at the very least, watch it muted. perhaps you'll get some amusement from all the arm-waving the characters do.oh, and word to the wise -- to prove that this is truly an artsy film, you see james woods in all his dangly male "look-at-me, i'm-the-figurative-and-literal-representation-of-the-naked-vulnerability-of- man" glory.don't say you weren't warned.

this is not a children's movie!!!this movie is like a "bad acid trip" for kids under the age of 5. for a month my 4 year old from time-to-time would ask me "why was that rabbit bleeding from its mouth" or "why did the bulldozer bury all the rabbits?". (and that wasn't the worst of it). we stopped it about a 1/2 hour in but the damage had been done. intensely morbid, oppressive, violent. fortunately he's finally forgotten about the whole wretched thing. whomever decided this movie should be marketed to children should be brought up on charges. ... (go ahead censure me, my conscience is clear.).

this is a kind of genre thing, meaning you either like the 1950s musicals or you don't. if you do, you'll love this. personally, i prefer the 1930s and most of the '40s musicals with the dancing talents of astaire and rogers, and eleanor powell, bill robinson, ruby keeler, james cagney, shirley temple and so forth but the songs of the '50s, the slower dance numbers and the soapy melodramas of the decade all turn me off.this film is a case-in-point. the first song was okay but the next three did nothing for me. by then, the story didn't have much appeal, either. the presence of deborah kerr is another minus. i don't think i've seen a movie she starred in that i liked, including this one, where the goody two-shoes english teacher she portrays spends half the movie threatening to leave siam. (i which she had!). however, divorcing myself from likes-and-dislikes, there is no denying this rogers and hammerstein production has a lot of appeal to many folks, particularly those who liked "the sound of music" a decade later. there are similarities in the r&h musicals. thus, if you liked the julie andrews flick, you should like this, too. this is a lavish production with, yes, a capital "l." this is the kind of big-production musicals you rarely saw after that generation. you also get the dubbed singers, unlike today, where the actress isn't able to really sing so marnie nixon comes to rescue of kerr, as she did with natalie wood in "west side story" and audrey hepburn in "my fair lady." yul brynner is "king mongkut" and is the stereotypical traditionalist, the kind filmmakers always portray in a negative way. he isn't "progressive," as the left wingers like the say, but the education teacher (kerr, as "anna leonowens") will set him straight. secular-progressives of today always place teachers higher than people trying to cure cancer! however, yul is good in this role and even employs some comedy along with his more-bark-than-bite character. justifiably, he is the big star of this film. brynner had magnetism. even in "the magnificent seven," yul was the one cowboy who mesmerized the audience.in summary, it's a fine movie for its day and millions of people enjoyed it. i'll leave it at that.

madison is not too bad-if you like simplistic, non-offensive, "family-friendly" fare and, more importantly, if you know absolutely nothing about unlimited hydroplane racing. if, like me, you grew up with the sport and your heroes had names like musson, muncey, cantrell, slovak, etc., prepare to be disappointed.professional film critics have commented at length on the formulaic nature of the film and its penchant for utilizing every hackneyed sports cliché in the book. i needn't repeat what they've said. what i felt was sadly missing was any sense of the real excitement of unlimited hydro racing in the "glory years" (which many would argue were already past in 1971).yes, it was wonderful to see the old classic boats roaring down the course six abreast, though it was clear that the restored versions (hats off to the volunteers at the hydroplane and race boat museum) were being nursed through the scenes at reduced speed. but where was the sound? much of the thrill of the old hydros was the mind-numbing roar of six allison or rolls-merlin aircraft engines, wound up to rpm's never imagined by their designers, hitting the starting line right in front of you. you didn't hear it, you felt it. real hydro buffs know exactly what i'm talking about. there's none of that in madison. instead, every racing scene is buried under what is supposed to be a "heroic" musical score.and then there are the close-up shots of the drivers, riding smoothly and comfortably in the cockpits as if they were relaxing in the latest luxury limousines, in some cases taking time to smile evilly as they contemplate how best to thwart the poor home-town hero. or, in one particularly ridiculous shot, taking time to spot jake lloyd giving a "rocky" salute from a bridge pier. in reality, some unlimited drivers wore flak vests to minimize the beating they took as the boats slammed across the rock-hard water at speeds above 150 mph.as one reviewer so aptly put it, "the sport deserves better than this."finally, since another user brought up anachronisms, i'll add one: the establishing shot of seattle shows the kingdome and safeco field. neither existed in 1971

this version moved a little slow for my taste and i suppose i have problems with this play to begin with. but first the movie, it's a typical tv movie version of a play which means it doesn't have the flair of the original film version with william holden. what they couldn't afford to hire more than twelve people as extras? why move the movie up to 1966? so you could give the little sister a line about the vietnam war protests? why not 1963 and give her a line about the civil rights movement?as for the casting, some hits some misses. jay o. sanders hit the right notes for his character especially with his scenes with josh brolin. brolin on the other hand miss a lot of the notes. he's believable as an ex-bmoc jock but he doesn't have the raw sensuality of william holden. i always thought brolin looks a little bit like a gorilla to have all the women in town go ape over him (pardon the pun). gretchen moll was lovely but she seemed a little too wise for the character she played. she didn't project the innocence or ignorance that the character required. maybe it's because she and brolin were about 5 years older than the characters should be. but then again holden was ten years too old. bonnie bedelia was rather forgettable as the mother and mary steenburgen can't seem to make up her mind whether she was playing blanche dubois or katharine from "the taming of the shrew".as for mr. inge's play, i always felt that stories like this of a young woman choosing passion over practicality always needed an epilogue. "the twilight zone" i believe offer a likely epilogue with the episode, "spur of the moment" where a young diana hyland was being chased by a bitter older diana hyland, because the younger diana hyland chose to run off with a guy similar to hal carter.

perhaps it's because i am so in love with the william holden - kim novak version, or because i'm not a gen-x'er, but this was absolutely the worst remake i have ever seen. without the original's soundtrack, it just seemed like another typical tv movie...yes, about as bland as kraft cheese.

according to reviewers, the year is 1955 and the players are 20 year-old college kids about to enter grad school. jolly joke!1955? the synthesizer keyboard was not invented yet, but there it is on the bandstand. the ford pony car was not invented yet, but there it is playing oldies music. the synthesizer appeared to be a model from the mid 1970's. the pony car at best is from the mid 1960's.20 year-old college kids? josh brolin had seen 32 birthdays when this made-for-tv movie was produced.the plot is so predictable that viewers have plenty of spare time to think of all the errors appearing upon their tv's.

william cooke and paul talbot share director/writer credit for this entertaining low budget film about three boys camping out in the woods with their horror magazines. feet propped up by the fire and schoolboy banter back and forth...and a scroungy town tramp named ralph(gunnar hansen...of leatherface fame)wanders over and trades four tales of gore in return for food and the warmth of the fire.one tale is the old retread of "the hook", two teens on lover's lane attacked by a demented killer with a hook for a hand. another story has a couple of tokers needing to score some weed. they stumble upon a guy that knows a guy that has some great s#@t. as they smoke a couple of bags full their skin begins to turn gray and green before it bubbles up and falls off. one of the better stories is about an unhappy man returning home for christmas, who can't wait for his mother to drop dead and enjoys telling his nephew and niece about satan claus. the fourth campfire tale is of a greedy sailor that washes ashore upset about an empty treasure chest and ends up being chased out to sea by zombies.without a big budget for special effects, campfire tales gets the point across and really could have been a lot worse. a bit corny, but fun to watch except for maybe the sailor tale. the acting is understandably not award worthy. cast members include: tres holton, courtney ballard, h. ray york, johnny tamblyn, walter kaufmann, kevin draine, david avin and paul kaufmann.

well, what can you say about a barbara cartland adaptation?there are some amazing actors in this (oliver reed, sarah miles, christopher plummer) but they clearly are clocking up the money.lysette anthony and marcus gilbert have appeared in two other cartland epics - anthony with hugh grant (who looks suitably embarrassed) and gilbert with helena bonham carter.if you really want to see a "watchable" adaptation of cartland, the bonham carter one is the one to go for ("a hazard of hearts" - what a title!!). gilbert is the weak link in that, but bonham carter is suitably beautiful and of course can actually act, and the rest of the cast play it to the hilt with tongues firmly in cheek (edward fox & diana rigg)

the first power (1990) was a terrible film that came out during the late 80's/ early 90's era of cheaply made horror films. i found this movie very boring but extremely hilarious in some parts. this movie lacks so much sense and credibility that it ain't even funny. the swift justice system in this film makes texas look weak by comparison. lou diamond phillips is in way over his head with this role (he plays a hard-boiled cop) and tracey griffith (melanie's more attractive sister) plays a psychic. don't waste your time with this one because it's bad. what a minute, i take it back. this movie makes a great party film. check out the switchblade crucifix packing nun, she has the nicest legs i've ever seen on a nun that wasn't in a jesus franco nunsploitation flick. yeow!this marked an end of an era for l.d.p. his star was tarnished and he couldn't draw flies to a dung heap. it was d.t.v. for him until his "ressurection" a few years later.not recommended unless you're desperate.

people tried to make me believe that the premise of this rubbishy supernatural horror/thriller was inspired by the actual last words spoken by an authentic serial killer (whose name escapes me at the moment). whilst awaiting his execution in the electric chair, he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go on a never-ending murder spree. it's not a highly original idea to revolve a horror film on, by the way. other low-budget turkeys implemented the exact same basic premise, like "house 3", "shocker" and "ghost in the machine". anyway, "the first power" (a.k.a "pentagram") isn't a completely terrible effort, but the script overly reverts to clichés and lacks genuine thrills. the film starts off as an okay, albeit mundane serial killer flick in which obsessive cop-hero lou diamond philips pursues a maniac who carves bloody pentagrams into the chests of his victims. he receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium, played by the gorgeous and underrated tracy griffith. she leads him to the killer but also begs not to execute him, as that would result in an even bigger catastrophe! thanks to tess' helpful hints, detective logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his death penalty, but patrick channing made a pact with satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of california to do some more killing. "the first power" gets pretty bad once the murderer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit. instead of using his newly gained satanic powers to wipe out the entire world (that's what i would do in his position), channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis the copper. he annoyingly calls him "buddy-boy" all the time and possesses the bodies of logan's friends and colleagues in order to trick him. even though never really boring or poorly realized, it's a very weak film to endure, mostly because you constantly get the feeling of déjà-vu. writer/director robert resnikoff shamelessly uses every dreadful cliché (the killer got sexually abused as a child) and even the players' lines can easily be predicted. as soon as griffith explains she's able to predict the future, you just know that, somewhere at some point in the film, she's going to say the ridiculously overused line "i tell people who to live their lives, but my own life is a mess". yawn. lou diamond philips' performance is adequate enough, but it's rather difficult to take that youthful rebel of "la bamba" and "stand and deliver" serious as a tough copper. there also are decent supportive roles for mykelti williamson ("forrest gump"), carmen argenziano ("when a stranger calls") and b-movie horror legend david gale ("re-animator") appears in a minuscule cameo at the very beginning of the film.

patrick channing (jeff kober) is a disciple of satan / serial killer who possesses the "first power": even after being captured by detective russell logan (lou diamond phillips) and executed in the gas chamber, he is able to move his spirit from body to body and continue to murder at will. with the help of attractive psychic tess seaton (tracy griffith, melanie g.'s half-sister) he attempts to stop channing.this concept probably had some possibilities, i think, but ultimately "the first power" suffers from routine scripting and film-making. this is nothing we haven't seen before, sometimes done better. there is nothing about this movie to distinguish it from other supernatural horror thrillers. more to the point, it's not very thrilling and it certainly isn't scary. phillips is a hard sell as a tough-as-nails, cynical cop stereotype, and griffith doesn't seem to be trying very hard; best cast member is probably the distinctively featured kober, doing his best to be supremely creepy.the climax is rather silly and the ending very weak.not really even acceptable enough to rate as an average film of its kind, therefore:4/10

i jotted down a few notes here on the first power, lou lambada diamond phillips' 1990 satanic serial killer yuppie hell-fest ...1) lou diamond phillips was recently indicted for beating up his wife and may serve time in prison. i only hope that he can find armani prison wear to go off in style with: one of the guilty pleasures of this movie is seeing his police detective clad in $4500 designer overcoats, a $7300 designer silk suit, and seeing his $3500/month los angeles bachelor pad loft with interior design by mies van der roeh.2) leading lady tracey phillips has gorgeous porcelain skin, flowing red hair that always seems styled even when mussed, and amazing breasts that are hi-lighted in the 2nd half of the film by a designer silk pullover that sadly remains in place over her torso even when she was being prepared to be sacrificed to satan. at least back in the 1970's our demonic killers undressed their victims before doing away with them, though there is something to be said for leaving a bit to the imagination. by the final 10 minutes of the movie all i could think about is what her breasts probably would look like.3) professional psychics living in los angeles can afford $4 million dollar condos on mullholland drive overlooking los angeles with a view that would make brad pitt decide that he was roughing it. as a matter of fact the condominium used in this film looks exactly like the same one seen in david lynch's mullholland dr., which at least had the good sense to make it's condo resident a successful movie director. the only professional psychics i have encountered outside of this movie are all currently serving prison sentences for wire fraud.4) i forget his name but the villain in this movie is wonderful, and his "how's it going', buddy boy?" line could be the best overlooked movie phrase since "thanks for the ride, lady!!" from creepshow 2.5) underneath major metropolitan cities there are huge vats of simmering acid that will explode into huge fireballs if someone throws a lit zippo lighter into them, which is why major public waterworks plants all have no smoking signs plastered all over them even though the idea of smoking around water being dangerous is of course preposterous. and since zippo lighters need to be manually filled with lighter fluid that can often leak out and be absorbed by ones clothing, the idea of a carrying one in the pocket of your $7300 gucci silk suit strikes me as being much more dangerous.6) the stunts in this movie are impressive to say the least, and one of the fun things about watching it is remaining yourself that you are not viewing computer aided special effects but actual stuntpeople risking life and limb to contribute to a movie that earned nearly universal bomb ratings from critics when released.7) movie satanists always amaze me: here is a guy who has tapped into some luciferian bid for power, and yet instead of using it to do something useful like making himself rich or causing fashion models to engage in free form sex with him, he instead possesses bag ladies and have them levitate outside of people's apartments. speaking of which here is a guy who is indestructible, can fly, and is able to put his being inside of other people's bodies -- and yet he obliges star lou diamond phillips with an ordinary fistfight in the film's conclusion, yet does not have the good sense to inhabit arnold schwartzeneggar or apollo creed to ensure that he wins.and on and on ... to be watched in the company of wise-cracking friends while consuming beer. you'll have fun so long as you steadfastly refuse to take it seriously.4/10

detective russell logan(lou diamond phillips)has a major problem on his hands. the serial killer, patrick channing(jeff kober), for whom psychic extraordinaire tess(tracy griffith)helped him capture, has been resurrected with the first power(..given to him by satan after his execution in the gas chamber)and can possess the bodies of the weak. somehow, russell, who joins forces with tess(..who has an understanding of what they are up against), will have to stop channing or many women will continue to die at his bloody hands. they will seek help from sister marguerite(elizabeth arlen)who has tried to inform her superiors in the catholic church of the first power, but has been denied access to a weapon that can stop channing..a cross with a blade that can penetrate the heart of channing ridding the world of his evil. she'll take it anyway and lend a helping hand to russell, who'll need all the help he can get when channing kidnaps tess preparing her for some sort of satanic ritual/ceremony.in the film, mykelti williamson, always a reliable welcome supporting actor, gets the partner of russell role..so you know what will happen to him. as in films of this type, everyone around russell is dying, but when he attempts to kill channing, he's merely murdering the weak host of some other poor soul he possesses.pure occult rubbish..stupid from the gate to the finish line. phillips and griffith try, i'll give them that, but in a flick like this they don't stand a chance. kober, who is normally often always effective as the heavy, is really handed nothing more than a goofy villain who leaps in the air and tosses rotten quips.

the only thing that the first power really has going for it is that it affords jeff kober an opportunity to play one of his lovely variety of psychotic villains that he's done so well in the last 25 years. kober is a worthy successor to lyle bettger who specialized in those parts back in the fifties.but it's not enough, the first power is a souped up slasher flick that has lou diamond phillips wasted as an lapd detective who has a specialty in catching serial killers. kober is his latest catch, but kober's in league with a lower power and they're going to team up and make lou's life miserable for him. even after kober is given the gas chamber, his spirit comes back in all kinds of guises.mykelti williamson is on hand as lou's partner who meets a nasty end involving a demon possessed horse and tracy griffith as a psychic and elizabeth arlen as a nun with insights are around to help lou. will he succeed in battling forces from beyond?by the time the film ends, you no longer care. lou really got trapped in a turkey. maybe the devil made him do this film.

when childhood memory tells you this was a scary movie; it's touch and go whether you should revisit it. anyway, i remembered a scary scene involving a homeless person and a cool villain played by jeff kober."the first power" is not a very good movie, sad to say. it's chock full of those cop clichés and a very poor script with holes a truck could drive through (along with countless convenient "twists" that help the story run along). lou diamond phillips is the over-confident bad ass cop who sends baddie serial killer kober to the gas chamber only to find out he was a minion of satan himself and now has the power of resurrection along with the power of possessing every weak minded person who he comes across. through in the mix a very poorly realized psychic who helps with the case.ahhh, this is trash. but enjoyable as such, especially if you have fond memories of it. it scared me as a kid and that scene with the homeless person is still pretty good. as for any kind of logic here; forget it, just about every scenario is thrown in for good measure and you end up with a cross between a steven segal action flick and a 70's demonic flick. and who on earth thought it was a good idea to cast lou diamond phillips in the lead here? needless to say he's not convincing at all but he tries his best and i've never had the problem with the guy so many reviewers here seem to have. as for tracy griffith as the psychic, the less said the better. but kober is pretty good as the killer; always liked that actor."the first power" may be just what the doctor ordered after a hard day's work and a "brain switch-off" is needed. beer will most likely enhance the viewing experience and i'll definitely have loads of it the next time i give this movie a spin. all in all; not a good flick but a somewhat guilty pleasure for nostalgic fans who were easily scared as kids. "see you around, buddy boy"!

an annoying experience. improvised dialogue, handheld cameras for no effect, directionless plot, contrived romance, ick! to the whole mess. ron silver was the only real actor. gretta sacchi was terrible! henry jaglom did better with eating which suited his style much more.

i recently viewed this atrocity in my film program, and i thought it was awful, as i said in my tagline, it was pretentious, trite, petty and phenomenally self-important.i consider myself a fan of film, and all the things that film has to offer. if i want to watch a documentary on the cannes festival, i will watch a&e....and they would probably be alot more objective about it.i dont recommend it, period.

i don't remember a movie where i have cared less about where the characters have come from, what happens to them or where they are going. i realize that hollywood's greatest pastime is navel-gazing, but these people are either too despicable or too boring to take up time with. for what it's worth, though, the discussion that followed the showing, under the auspices of the key sunday cinema series, did make allowance that possibly the three women did show some redeeming characteristics. i disagree.

awful! awful! awful! no, i didn't like it. it was obvious what the intent of the film was: to track the wheeling and dealing of the "movers and shakers" who produce a film. in some cases, these are people who represent themselves as other than what they are. i didn't need a film to tell me how shallow some of the people in the film industry are. i suppose i'm at fault really because i expected something like "roman holiday".i'm not a movie-maker nor do i take film classes but it appeared to me that the film consisted of a series of 'two-shots' (in the main) where the actors(!) had been supplied with a loose plot-line and they were to improvise the dialogue. henry jaglon makes the claim that he along with victoria foyt actually wrote the screenplay but the impression was that the actors, cognisant of the general direction of the film, extemporised the dialogue - and it was not always successful. such a case in point was when ron silver made some remark which really didn't flow along the line of the conversation (and i'm not going back to look for it!) and greta scacchi broke into laughter even though they were supposed to be having a serious conversation, because silver's remark was such a non sequitur. you get the impression too that one actor deliberately tries to 'wrong foot' the other actor and break his/her concentration. another instance of this is when a producer tells silver to "bring the &*%#@#^ documents" (3 times). silver looked literally lost for words. i have seen one other film which looked like a series of drama workshops on improvisation and that was awful too!the fact that jaglon was able to attract greta scacchi (no stranger to australia), ron silver, anouk ami, and maximilian schell suggests it was a 'slow news week' for them. peter bogdanovich had a 'what-the-hell-am-i-doing-here' look on his face at all times and i expected to hear him say: "look, i'm a director and screenwriter - not an actor" - which would have been unnecessary to state! faye dunaway seemed more interested in promoting her son, liam. apart from the jerky delivery of the dialogue, the hand-held camera became irritating even if it was for verisimilitude - as i suspect the "natural" dialogue was - and the interest in the principals became subsumed to the interest in the various youths walking along the strand trying to insinuate themselves into shot. that at least approached cinema verite. so that, along with the irritating french singing during which i used the mute button, made for a generally disappointing 90-odd minutes.i think we should avoid apotheosising films such as this. trying to see value in the film where it has little credit in order to substantiate a perceived transcendental level to it is misguided. there was really nothing avant-garde about it. it didn't come across as a work of art and yet it wasn't a documentary either. i know, it was a mocumentary but the real test is whether it is entertaining. i was bored out of my skull! it did have one redeeming feature: it pronounced 'cannes' correctly so i gave it 3/10.

movie industry is tricky business - because decisions have to be made and everyone involved has a private life, too. that's the very original thesis of this feeble attempt at making an 'insightful' film about film. and indeed, no better proof of the industry's trickiness than seeing anouk aimée and maximilian schell trapped in this inanity. the insight consists of talking heads rattle off bullshit like "should i make a studio movie that pays a lot or should i make an indie item and stay true to my artistic self?" "do the latter, please." or: "our relationship is not only professional, it's private as well. it's a rather complex situation to handle, isn't it?" "yes, it is, my dear." between the insipid dialogs one gets glimpses of palm trees, hotel lobbies and american movie posters (no sign of non-american film presence on the croisette). recurrent slumber sessions are inevitable, making the 100 minutes of the film feel like ages. jenny gabrielle is spectacularly unconvincing in justifying her own presence in the frame.

after being a big fan of the ten minute t.v episodes of 'stella street', i awaited this film with excitement and anticipation. unfortunately i was left feeling very disappointed.i was dismayed by the way that nearly all of the gags and one liners were directly lifted from the t.v episodes, and delivered with much less enthusiasm and comic timing, as if the actors had said them once, and couldn't be bothered to say them again. i bought my copy on dvd and felt cheated that i had parted with my hard earned cash to watch the same jokes over again.*spoilers* the plot of the film starts with stella street (a normal english street in surrey), gradually being populated by 'some of the most famous people from stage and screen of the last forty years', including michael caine, al pacino, jack nicholson and the rolling stones. all the celebrities in the street end up being conned out of their entire fortunes by a local fraudster, and are forced to live like tramps and common working class people. there are some nice moments, but on the whole, the writers manage to take an interesting idea and make it pretty boring. *end of spoilers*in the t.v episodes, all the characters are performed by john sessions and phil cornwell (including females), but in the film ronni ancona is added to the cast. i think this was a mistake. her impersonations weren't funny, and it felt like her characters were included in the story just to give her something to do.if you were not a fan of the episodes of stella street, you may find this film entertaining. but if you were a fan, i think you may walk away feeling a little bit cheated. 4/10

apparently, the mutilation man is about a guy who wanders the land performing shows of self-mutilation as a way of coping with his abusive childhood. i use the word 'apparently' because without listening to a director andy copp's commentary (which i didn't have available to me) or reading up on the film prior to watching, viewers won't have a clue what it is about.gorehounds and fans of extreme movies may be lured into watching the mutilation man with the promise of some harsh scenes of splatter and unsettling real-life footage, but unless they're also fond of pretentious, headache-inducing, experimental art-house cinema, they'll find this one a real chore to sit through.82 minutes of ugly imagery accompanied by dis-chordant sound, terrible music and incomprehensible dialogue, this mind-numbingly awful drivel is the perfect way to test one's sanity: if you've still got all your marbles, you'll switch this rubbish off and watch something decent instead (i watched the whole thing, but am well aware that i'm completely barking!).

this piece of filth is virtually impossible to follow. the sound is crap the picture quality goes from bad to worse to good to bad again! things happen for no apparent reason characters appear and disappear. was the director suffering from a massive brain injury during its production?poor film making aside, the story is vile just sick evil sh*t if you like rape, murder and self harm this is right up your alley. and if simulated scenes of murder are not enough you can enjoy clips of actual people being executed. i watched almost all of it but had to turn off after i seen someones brains blown out. never before have i seen a film that left me feeling so ashamed and dirty.

i bought this movie for 1 euro, not knowing what it was all about. i thought "hmmm, a movie named mutilation man must be if not very funny at least filled with gore". it wasn't funny alright. it was disturbing. very disturbing. and i don't mind disturbing movies but this one just didn't mean anything, except that child abuse is not a good thing to do. hmmm... the quality of the images were terrible. the acting...there was no acting. just some fcked-up fcker mutilating himself for over 90 minutes. this is probably material for sicko's jurking off on extreme gore.don't watch this. it's not worth your time. its just awful. i wish i never bought this.they should mutilate the guy who made this

an avent-garde nightmarish, extremely low-budget "film" that has delusions of grandeur. hard to sit through. i get the message that child abuse is wrong. wow big revelation. i had no clue it was wrong before viewing this. yes that's sarcasm. don't watch this "film" if you're offended by nudity of either the male or female gender. don't watch it if you're the least bit squeamish. don't watch it if you care about acting. on second thought just don't watch it period.my grade: d-dvd extras:making the movie , the premiere,interview with kristie bowersock, deleted scenes, movie stills, director's commentary, 2 versions of the teaser trailer, music video by the azoic, & a classroom video experiment

first of all: i love good splattermovies and am not afraid to get in touch with art, but this zero-budget-flick is none of it! the picture-quality is so damned low, the soundtrack the most annoying one i ever (!!!!)heard, and as for the fx... well the super-low quality makes some of them look not as bad as they would in a real movie (what this junk here isn't). no concept, a wafer-thin storyline, primitive acting and rare dialog - i think i counted about 10 sentences in the whole movie, each one repeated about 20 times... same for a lot of film-sequences (may be an indication for which kind of audience this crap was made!!!) the story seems to be that a young boy had to watch his father rape and kill his mother, got psychological damaged and as an adult goes touring, performing a show of self-mutilation. so far, so good... but for these pseudo-art-idiot-directors, this plot is just a line to put cheap produced shock scenes in a row which neither have a message nor make any sense (freshly taken-out bowels are thrown on a naked, bound woman in an earth-hole... why?? and why is that the only time you see both woman and thrower in the whole bloody "movie")??? disturbing? yes!! sick? yes!! necessary? no! artistically? no!!!!! everyone mistaking this cheap gore-show for art should as soon as possible visit his psychiatrist or should watch pink floyd's "the wall" to see how a similar topic can be worked out in an artful way... i hope this was your first and last (!!!!!!!!) movie, andrew cobb... !!!! and all you gore-heads out there, remember: not everything that looks cheap and makes obviously no sense at all is automatically "art"...

this is a good example of how not to make a film.there is very little meaningful dialog, no context for the events, and constant cuts between seemingly unrelated scenes. the result is a confused, clueless viewer; the plot is absolutely impossible to follow and the ideas presented are meaningless without listening to the director's commentary.this movie has a lot to do with human atrocity and tries to show how wrong it is, with an emphasis on child abuse. it includes some stock footage of real, horrible acts of violence, including war time executions. although it works in the context of the movie, i feel that the ideas behind the movie could have been presented without resorting to such extreme content. this film is absolutely not for the weak stomached or the easily offended, and should not under any circumstances be shown to minors.the climax is anti-climactic compared to the content of the rest of the movie. if you're not listening to the commentary while it happens you will probably miss it.the director's commentary was a one-shot, "sit the guy down and let him talk, no cuts" type of commentary. while this isn't necessarily bad, the director ends up rambling a lot and often spends minutes at a time complaining about his college, filming conditions, co producers, bad film, and a dozen other things. the constant negativity detracts from what otherwise is an essential tool for understanding the movie.the movie was shot many years ago on 16mm and super8 film over a period of four years on an extremely low budget. because of this, the video and audio quality is poor. that alone does not make it a bad movie, but it does make a bad movie worse.

it's a hideous little production, apt to give one nightmares as well as headaches. it's an unsightly blend of live action and ugly stop-motion animation. it's weird, but it's not the kind of fun, weird trip anyone optimistic might expect. it's the cold, inhuman, unfriendly, sickening, even creepy kind of weird. there is absolutely no reason to watch this movie. after all, disney did a fantastic job with the same source material. and cosgrove-hall did far more attractive things with stop-motion.interestingly, this is a french production. as such, it re-enforces the stereotype that the french have no concept of scary.

i don't know why this has the fans it does and i don't know why i have even given it the score i have. this is preposterous. there are many a giallo where one has to suspend disbelief, let the picture roll and catch up with it somewhere before it becomes delirious and some poor police officer has to eventually explain what we have seen. but, this has very little going for it and has overlong sequences where nothing happens and have no relevance to anything while we have to listen to a most repetitive soundtrack, even by italian standards. not a giallo, this is a complete mish mash of horror ideas featuring klaus kinski in one his most blatant 'phoned in' performances. i reckon he turned up, did a day's work and cleared off leaving mr d'amato to get others to fill in. ewa is of course pretty but no it is not enough, and in the end we have seen far too much of her popping up all over the place, long after we have completely lost interest in this mindless and pretentious twaddle. maybe i just wasn't in the right mood!

'i don't understand. none of this makes any sense!', exclaims one exasperated character towards the end of death smiles at murder. having just sat through this thoroughly confusing mess of a movie, i know exactly how he feels. the story, by the film's director aristide massacessi (good old joe d'amato using his real name for a change), is a clumsy mix of the supernatural, murder/mystery, and pretentious arty rubbish, the likes of which will probably appeal to those who admire trippy 70s garbage such as jess franco's more bizarre efforts, but which had me struggling to remain conscious.opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister (with whom he had been having an incestuous affair, before eventually losing her to a dashing doctor), death smiles at murder soon becomes very confusing when the very same woman (played by ewa aulin, who stars in the equally strange 'death laid an egg') is seen alive and kicking, the sole survivor of a coach accident that occurs outside the estate of walter and eva von ravensbrück. after being invited to stay and recuperate in their home, where she is tended to by creepy dr. sturges (klaus kinski in a throwaway role), the comely lass begins love affairs with both mr. and mrs. ravensbrück (meaning that viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian lovin').'so far, so good', i thought to myself at this point, 'we've had hunchbacks, incest, some blood and guts, and gratuitous female nudity'all ingredients of a great trashy euro-horror; what follows, however, is a lame attempt by massacessi to combine giallo style killings, ghostly goings on, and even elements from edgar allan poe's 'the black cat', to tell a very silly, utterly bewildering, and ultimately extremely boring tale of revenge from beyond the grave.this film seems to have quite few admirers here on imdb, but given the choice, i would much rather watch one of the director's sleazier movies from later in his career; i guess incomprehensible, meandering, surreal 70s gothic horror just ain't my thing! 2.5 out of 10 (purely for the cheesy gore and nekkidness), rounded up to 3 for imdb.

the last tarzan film starring johnny weissmuller (looking surprisingly aged a year after "tarzan and the huntress") is bad, in spite of all the trivia one can add to make it look better. it is obvious that rko tried to make a great farewell for weissmuller, shooting in beautiful scenery in méxico, with a top star of that country (andrea palma) and multiple award-winning cinematographer gabriel figueroa, and bringing in prestigious composer dimitri tiomkin to do the score. although it may have cost less for filming abroad, it looks more expensive than any other rko film in the series, taking advantage of acapulco beaches and real pyramids as aquatania, and with impressive décors for all the scenes related to the temple of god balu (especially the exterior, built on steep rocks.) kurt neumann should have stayed as director, instead of robert florey, who gives it a very slow pace. neumann had done a fine work with "tarzan and the amazons", "tarzan and the leopard woman" and "tarzan and the huntress", and finished his career directing the classic "the fly" the year before his death; while florey became a television director, after a career of few remarkable films. if weissmuller looks tired, the chimp playing cheeta is not as good as the others, but the worst character is benji, an obnoxious mailman who sings horrendous songs (that have a caribbean air, in a location supposed to be africa and shot in méxico!) boring and decidedly of dubious taste, it was a sad farewell to weissmuller's tarzan.

the finale of the weissmuller tarzan movies is a rather weak one. there are a few things that derail this film.first, tarzan spends much of the film wearing floppy sandals. in my opinion, any footwear on tarzan, whether it be sandals or boots as sometimes portrayed, takes away from the character, which is supposed to be anti-civilization and pro-jungle.second, the character of benji, as mentioned in a previous post, totally derails the movie as the comic foil. to me, his character is unnecessary to the film's plot.also, while weissmuller still cuts a commanding figure as tarzan, it's apparent that he was not in his best shape. although in his later jungle jim movies, his physique had improved somewhat from this film.the octopus battle is a terrific idea, but i think it should have been done in an earlier weissmuller film when he was at his physical peak. likewise, the battle, which takes only 30 seconds tops, would be much more thrilling if it was drawn out to 90 seconds to 2 minutes like the classic giant crocodile battle in tarzan and his mate.and while brenda joyce as jane and linda christian as mara are overwhelmingly pleasing to the eye, it doesn't manage to salvage this last weissmuller film - a disappointing ending to a great character run.

johnny weissmuller's final film as 'king of the jungle', after 16 years in the role, tarzan and the mermaids, is bound to disappoint all but the most ardent of his fans. at 44, the ex-olympian, one of hollywood's most active 'party animals', was long past the slim athleticism of his youth, and looked tired (although he was in marginally better condition than in his previous entry, tarzan and the huntress).not only had weissmuller gotten too old for his role; johnny sheffield, the quintessential 'boy', had grown to manhood (he was a strapping 17-year old), so he was written out of the script, under the pretext of being 'away at school'. brenda joyce, at 35, was appearing in her fourth of five films as 'jane' (she would provide the transition when lex barker became the new tarzan, in 1949's tarzan's magic fountain) and was still as wholesomely sexy as ever.produced by sol lesser, at rko, on a minuscule budget, the cast and crew took advantage of cheaper labor by filming in mexico. while the location gave a decidedly hispanic air to what was supposedly darkest africa, veteran director robert florey utilized the country extensively, incorporating cliff diving and an aztec temple into the story.when a young island girl (tyrone power's future bride, linda christian) is rescued in a jungle river by tarzan, he learns that a local high priest (george zucco, one of filmdom's most enduring villains) had virtually enslaved the local population, threatening retribution from a living 'god' if they don't do his bidding. the girl had been chosen to become the 'god's' bride, so she fled. faster than you can say 'is this a dumb plot or what?', the girl is kidnapped by the priest's henchmen and returned to the island, and tarzan, followed by jane, colorful spanish character 'benjy' (charmingly played by john laurenz, who sings several tunes), and a government commissioner are off to take on the deity and his priest (poor cheeta is left behind). after a series of discoveries (the 'god' is simply a con man in an aztec mask, working with the priest in milking the island's rich pearl beds), a bit of brawling action, and comic relief and songs by benjy, everything reaches the expected happy conclusion.remarkably, tarzan and the mermaids features a musical score by the brilliant film composer, dimitri tiomkin, and is far better than what you'd expect from this 'b' movie! while the film would provide a less-than-auspicious end to weissmuller's time in tarzan's loincloth (he would immediately go on to play jungle jim, a more eloquent variation of the ape man, in khakis), the talent involved lifted the overall product at least a little above the total mess it could have been.tarzan was about to get a make over, and become much sexier...

this movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie i've ever seen. and that's saying a lot, considering i've seen such stinkers like demon of paradise, lovers' lane, and bloody murder (which is a close second). however, i love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. at times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. as for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. the acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. the policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor i've ever seen. the best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. a giant safety pin?! what were they thinking? who's the killer? a disgruntled "huggies" employee? i'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if i didn't have a blast watching it

want to know the secret to making a slasher film set at a fitness center work? just pad the film out with lovely ladies in super tight workout outfits and have them bump and grind the floor like they are at a gentleman's club. that's what the makers of this horrid slasher film did and that little gimmick kept me watching till the bitter end. this is the worst slasher film i have ever seen, but every time i was ready to switch the channel, they'd add another scene with the workout girls and i'd stay put. as a slasher film, killer workout fails in every category i can think of. as a showcase for beautiful girls working out, it is a success. strong recommendation to avoid, unless the thought of half the film being a big t&a show appeals to you.

you know jason, you know freddy, and you know leatherface. now, get ready for: the safety pin killer! that's right, in killer workout, a dumb slasher movie if i've ever seen one, the unseen murderer dispatches his (or her?) victims with an oversized, novelty safety pin. it is an odd choice to be sure, the kind of thing that deserves an explanation. naturally, the movie never even attempts to clarify where the killer acquired such a thing.as the title suggests, an aerobics gym is under siege by a mad killer and everyone is a suspect. in fact, the movie gives so few clues as to the identity of the killer, just about everyone in the movie is a potential murderer until they get killed. and since just about everyone but the killer winds up dead, it's really just process of elimination. oddly, while the entire name cast is killed off, the aerobics classes continue in earnest. in fact, nothing is capable of stopping the dancing. while three men are murdered in the next room, the workout goes on. death isn't even a factor; one character dies, but is still seen prominently in the later workout sessions. director david prior knew what he was doing when named the movie killer workout and not logical workout.cop chases, explosive tanning beds, and hundreds of shots of women's exposed flesh are thrown in for good measure. much like the woman caught in the tanning bed, i felt very uncomfortable by the end of killer workout. finally, thankfully, the end flashed on the screen. what happened next? you got it, shots of the women working out. not even the end of the movie can stop them!

one two three four five six seven eight and back, haha. this is a must see, first of all to see the work out. there are a lot of work out shown, see those close ups, man you will enjoy it. a few years ago a video clip was surely based on this movie. it's a slasher but without suspense. the ending is funny too, and the clothes she's wearing in the wood confronting the copper, jesus, looks like a clown. the killings are mostly done off screen, the blood flows but never too gory. there are a lot of fight scene's too, and hey, no one got hurt. and what about the weapon to kill, never seen a big one like that, won't spoil it, you must see it. and being a slasher there's a lot of t&a too. to guess who's the killer you will be trapped a few times and that's the best part, but what about the story of the copper in the woods, huh! but still due his cheesiness this one is still one that many would like to have. i'm glad that i have my copy, one of those slasher failures. but man, those clothes and not to mention the hairstyles! if you are in your 40's then this is one is back to memory lane.

big hair, big boobs, bad music and a giant safety pin.......these are the words to best describe this terrible movie. i love cheesy horror movies and i've seen hundreds..but this had got to be on of the worst ever made. the plot is paper thin and ridiculous, the acting is an abomination, the script is completely laughable(the best is the end showdown with the cop and how he worked out who the killer is-it's just so damn terribly written), the clothes are sickening and funny in equal measures, the hair is big, lots of boobs bounce, men wear those cut tee-shirts that show off their stomachs(sickening that men actually wore them!!) and the music is just synthesiser trash that plays over and over again...in almost every scene there is trashy music, boobs and paramedics taking away bodies....and the gym still doesn't close for bereavement!! all joking aside this is a truly bad film whose only charm is to look back on the disaster that was the 80's and have a good old laugh at how bad everything was back then.

what a pathetic movie.i won't waste much time commenting about it. i'm still trying to get back the couple hours i wasted on it.let me leave it simply with - shaq has no business being an actor or singer. he is utterly without talent at both discplines. it's a crying shame that substantially more talented people waste away in community theatres and karaoke bars while shaq uses his name as a basketball player to undeservedly get cast in movies and cut cds.much of the failure of this movie was the pathetic no-talent that is shaq.

i think that new york is a big fake, i mean her whole guidelines of this show is stupid. i enjoyed flavor fl av more better, she acts like a slut, and a hoe put together. her mother is out of this world, i think she is the devils daughter. i mean what does she think she is doing these men already have girls and i believe once you have been with her you will be to ashamed to go back to your girl. she is nasty, spoiled and a big fat fake.the show is very interesting to watch, how much money is she getting to do this awful show, and whats up with her mother,i thought her and new york did not get along, but now it seems as though she is just as fake as her crazy daughter.and where is the so called husband, he is no where to be found,i would not to be with them either.

this is the most saccharine romance i ever sat through. the perfect film for an idle housewife in kerchief, housedress, and ostrich-trimmed high-heeled mules to watch in the afternoon, lying on the couch eating bonbons. in fact, bonbons play a prominent role in the movie.the only reason i was able to watch to the end, is that i finally was able to gaze at keanu reeves' dreamy face in almost every scene. in most of his films, he moves too fast to get a good look. the only rapid action in this show is giancarlo giannini waving his hands with latin emotionality - more italian than mexican, really. the dialog is as stiff as wood. unfortunately, no bodices are ripped - the hero is disgracefully perfect-mannered and mild. the aristocratic warm-blooded old-world family cliche is as old as the hills. what does it matter if they are irish or italian or mexican? this is a fairy story.i knew before the titles finished running that this would not be the movie i hoped for. the glowing grapes looked like the paragon of all food ads in women's day magazine. i didn't see his name listed, but the art director surely was thomas kinkade, who paints the million dollar canvases of irish cottages snuggled in fuchsias. this film was literally seen through rose-colored glasses. if you like dreamy pink and blue sky, this film is for you! (the bonbons looked really good, too!)

it must be the most corniest tv show on the air. this is probably a escape for jim belushi and all of his bad movies. his brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother. i hope this show is canceled and never spoken of again except in a negative use. jim has got to retire or something. please let them go of the air. if i here a joke from that show i will throw up and and wash my eyes out with a toothbrush. id rather be taken from the devil himself than watch a full half hour that piece of programing. i still do not understand why the show is still in the air and running. we all know deep down that we want to shoot our tv screens when we see jim's face. in conclusion, no more please.

i love the episode where jim becomes the greenman. it is great! when jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. then when he starts to address the priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the pee-woman? great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. i am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. i'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because i think the greenman is hilarious. does anyone know where i can download a photo of jim as the greenman? can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo?

i always wrote this series off as being a complete stink-fest because jim belushi was involved in it, and heavily. but then one day a tragic happenstance occurred. after a white sox game ended i realized that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow. now i could have just gotten up and walked across the room to get the remote, or even to the tv to turn the channel. but then why not just get up and walk across the country to watch tv in another state? "nuts to that", i said. so i decided to just hang tight on the couch and take whatever fate had in store for me. what fate had in store was an episode of this show, an episode about which i remember very little except that i had once again made a very broad, general sweeping blanket judgment based on zero objective or experiential evidence with nothing whatsoever to back my opinions up with, and once again i was completely right! this show is a total crud-pie! belushi has all the comedic delivery of a hairy lighthouse foghorn. the women are physically attractive but too stepford-is to elicit any real feeling from the viewer. there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell. except.. except for the wonderful comic sty lings of larry joe campbell, america's greatest comic character actor. this guy plays belushi's brother-in-law, andy, and he is gold. how good is he really? well, aside from being funny, his job is to make belushi look good. that's like trying to make butt warts look good. but campbell pulls it off with style. someone should invent a nobel prize in comic buffoonery so he can win it every year. without larry joe this show would consist of a slightly vacant looking courtney thorne-smith smacking belushi over the head with a frying pan while he alternately beats his chest and plays with the straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for larry joe campbell designated comedic bacon because he improves the flavor of everything he's in!

all the funny things happening in this sitcom is based on the main character jim being either a bad father, a bad husband or generally just enormously selfish. how can that be funny? of course a character in a sitcom has to be flawed, but jim's character is flawed in an extremely unsympathetic manner.and why it that? my guess is that it's because "he should now better". jim's not a stupid guy, he can take care of things and he's got the opportunities to do so. but he chooses not to. it's a conscious choice he makes, when he chooses to not play with his kids, not go shopping because he doesn't want to buy "lady products" and it's a choice he makes, when he puts down his relatives.the other characters seems to only be in the series so jim can have someone to be a jerk to. if the cheryl character was a real person, she would have left him years ago, and not stay with the deadbeat for 8 years. but alas, she's just a catalyst for jim's quirky middle-class extreme selfishness.

you need to watch this show once to have seen them all, the formula is exactly the same in each episode. jim does something his way he means well but he upsets his wife, at the end she finds out that what he did was really for her, she caresses his cheek and gives a gummy smile while he looks on bashfully. in fact the story lines are so lame and formulaic that i'll take a stab at one now.episode 'valentines pay'jims wife notices that all of jims weekly pay has disappeared, he then explains to her he lost it at the casino. she screams and leaves the house lamenting how awful he is. then on valentines day he turns up in a limo with tickets to a ball (hence explaining the missing wages). she realizes 'her' mistake and the usual 'oh jim, you're so lovely'. ..the endanother very obvious item is the fact that jims character is based on homer simpson who as a cartoon character can get away with being belligerent and ignorant, when this is attempted with human beings it does not work and jim just comes over as an arrogant self centered jerk. imo the only reason that this is successful is simply because we're so many now in terms of human beings with tvs, these days you could make a show about a man who insulates walls and you'd get an audience.'two and a half men' on the other hand is fantastic and hilarious.

the show is average. it doesn't make me laugh particularly. however, i think courtney really brings it down. she doesn't look natural. she has these three ways to talk, all robotic. she talks quietly (with no intonation), she talks normally (with no intonation), or she does that thing where she starts talking normally, and starts yelling gradually. however, her yelling is like "let's pretend i'm yelling because i shouldn't be too loud on the set". she is constantly aware of herself being this cute actress doing this funny thing. it's annoying. you can't really get her personality, because she doesn't really produce emotion, and doesn't get upset. she has this husband, who's doing all these stupid things, and there is no reaction from her. very dry and plain acting.

i wish i could say that this show was unusual in it's banality,but it is usual in every way.it has the dumb husband,his smarter but boring and conventional wife, along with the idiotic sidekick for "comic" relief-it sorely needs it.stale predictable jokes, with even more predictable reactions from the laughtrack, punctuate this noxious mental narcotic's nauseatingly unimaginative plot lines to leave me either physically ill, or in a deep sleep more resembling that of an induced coma. but it might be on for a while yet because it gives the average american a personage to which they can truly identify.a "regular" guy just like you and me.i live in the southern u.s, so to me this show is just the opposite of escapism.down here, that obnoxious character is everywhere, in some form or another.seeing him on television is brutal overkill.

this is certainly the worst movie i ever saw? the beginning is somewhat good, but the end? i still don't even get it! magical power, 300 years later, goddess, dancing what the f*** is that about??? the acting is somewhat not so bad.. but some place i could do better for sure!

shown in australia as 'hydrosphere', this incredibly bad movie is so bad that you become hypnotised and have to watch it to the end, just to see if it could get any worse... and it does! the storyline is so predictable it seems written by a high school dramatics class, the sets are pathetic but marginally better than the miniatures, and the acting is wooden.the infant 'muppet' seems to have been stolen from the props cupboard of 'total recall'. there didn't seem to be a single, original idea in the whole movie.i found this movie to be so bad that i laughed most of the way through.malcolm mcdowell should hang his head in shame. he obviously needed the money!

this movie is absolutely pointless, one of the good esamples how malcom mcdowall never got one decent role after clockwork orange. this one may be one of the worst though. no story, crappy special effects, shot in 4:3/or even worse cropped on dvd, just avoid it ....

this is probably one of the worst movies ever made. bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot, bad everything. in the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which muddles everything. malcom macdowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on hollywood blvd to pay the bill. i just don"t know how you can go from clockwork orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. i could have done better special effects in my bathtub. there's no continuity. the editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad. acting. do they have to smoke to be bad.? the gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, make up your mind. the bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing. whay is it called 2013 seadly wake. it has nothing to do with the movie

there are two reasons why i did not give a 1 to this movie. one reason are some of the actors (like malcolm mcdowell and gwynyth walsh) work, who tried to play at their usually good level of acting. however at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting.the other reason is the cool idea and looking of the cyborg, which is quite different to most other such roles i've seen so far.everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be. boring scenes, useless and boring dialogs, bad script work. and it seemed as it was the first movie ever for many actors. it could have been an interesting story though, but they failed completely.

malcolm mcdowell has not had too many good movies lately and this is no different. especially designed for people who like yellow filters on their movies.

if mr cranky had rated this, i'd be tempted just to copy his review and paste it here. but as he hasn't, i'll have to give it a go myself.the only thing giving this movie a 1 instead of a 0 is that malcolm mcdowall's acting is excellent. however not even he can save this film from disaster. the director must have been really distracted when he worked on this one because it is just a conglomeration of scenes that were thrown together with very little continuity - reminiscent of bad '70's movies. even worse, both the actors and director appeared to be making it up as they went along which probably showed how bad the original script was.it's not even worth discussing the story line although it revolves around a futuristic corporation called the proxate corporation who put together a crew of dispensable people to carry a dangerous cargo on an old container/slave ship to nigeria. this ship's computer is a baby kept in a glass jar and wired into one of the crew via usb 12 or something. the company should have been called the prostate corporation as the entertainment value of this movie is on a par with an examination of the same name.i honestly can't find one scene that i could say was well made and made any real sense in the context of the movie. i only watched it to the end as i had a touch of the bird flu and this movie reminded me that there were people out there who were actually worse off than me - malcolm mcdowall in particular. i won't hold this against him as he's a great actor and every great actor is entitled to one bad movie in their career and this one is a doosie.so, unless this is the only movie your shop hires out or you're male and you're doctor isn't doing prostate examinations this week and you somehow feel this is a bad thing then give this one a really wide berth unless of course if you're really community minded, buy a copy to support malcolm and then use it as a drink coaster.

terrible use of scene cuts. all continuity is lost, either by awful scripting or lethargic direction. that villainous robot... musta been a jazz dancer? also, one of the worst sound tracks i've ever heard (monologues usually drowned out by music.) and... where'd they get their props? that ship looks like a milk carton... i did better special effects on 8mm at the age of 13!i'd recommend any film student should watch this flick (5 minutes at a time) so as to learn how not to produce a film. or... was it the editors' fault?it's really too bad, because the scenario was actually a good concept... just poorly executed all the way around. (sorry malcom. you should have sent a "stunt double". you're too good an actor for such a stink-bomb.)

a terrible movie containing a bevy of d-list canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.this film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. it is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. mcdowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. it's not even camp enough to be funny.i have yet to see van pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in toronto rather than on a barge off africa.didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? the fight between the blue bolts of lightning and pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like i did. i have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.

please do not waste +/- 2 hours of your life watching this movie - just don't. especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you. damn cheek if you ask me. i waited for something to happen - it never did. i am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through. i always have to see it through to the end. what a huge mistake. do yourself a favour and go and paint a wall and watch it dry - far more entertaining. please do not waste +/- 2 hours of your life watching this movie - just don't. especially if someone is fortunate to be snoozing at the side of you. damn cheek if you ask me. i waited for something to happen - it never did. i am not one of those people to stop watching a movie part way through. i always have to see it through to the end. what a huge mistake. do yourself a favour and go and paint a wall and watch it dry - far more entertaining.

alright if you want to go see this movie just give me our money i'llkick you were it counts and you'll have the same amount of fun. i'lleven guarantee more fun. this movie once again shows what happens whenyou can't get any one else to hire your family and your forced to makeyour own movies. same, i'm going through puberty humor jokes, justdumber and grosser. this movie is really a disgrace to movie goers. theytry to shock you into laughing because you can't believe the levels theyhave to stoop to make you laugh. so my offer above stands as

after coming off the first one you think the wayans brothers could come up with some new jokes. though i guess not. if the first one wasn't bad enough this one is just so bad it hurts to watch. with all the actors they had in this film you think they could come up with something a little more clever. though they couldn't, they had to take all the same raunchy, not funny jokes from the first one and somehow put it into this film thinking people would laugh at it again. though the thing is i didn't laugh at it the first time. they tried to make these movies into parodies though they failed at every level. most of the time it's just randomly inserted jokes, that are so disgusting and raunchy that it's hard to watch it and enjoy it. then when they do try to do scenes that are movie parodies they just end up making a 20 minute recreation of the scene with maybe one joke within the entire scene. also for people saying that its not for the older and real young audience, well i fit into the age range that it's supposed to be funny for. while people say that different people have different ideas of what is funny or not, if you do find this funny then you probably aren't one of the more mature or intelligent people around. it doesn't take that much skill to write that kind of a script, though if you do want a more clever and funnier movie go see the movie spaceballs. it's a movie parody that's actually good and well done and it didn't have to use disgusting and raunchy jokes to make it funny either.

now isn't it? considering all the good work done by danzel,clive and jodie, the movie never grew into something more than a horrible die-hard/heist movies copycat. yes a couple of jokes, no absolutely no unpredictable twists, to be honest the only unpredictable moments are there because both director and editor made some stupid mistakes, it is a shame for them and a waste of time for us. if someone can tell me why on earth were they digging a hole inside that safe, who the hell is the rebe and how on earth did they know that the diamonds were in the particular cell, it could just make my day, but it seems that spike asks us to take too much things in this one for granted, and do not raise our eyebrows when something looks stupid...its just another studio contract movie relax and enjoy...

three story lines and not enough tying them together, "inside man" was very jumpy and an incomplete attempt to be artistic and realistic. though having its moments, the movie started off looking like a fast thriller which quickly grounded to a slow crawl, jumped quickly between highs and lows, and only barely picked up steam again near the last 20 minutes. i will give credit to denzel washington, he played his part extremely well with a full grasp of his human side and not just the typical "super-detective" with all the answers. clive owen also did quite well with his duality part as "evil genius" and "criminal mastermind" (both not the same in retrospect). overall though, each person individually created a great sub-section. yet, when the parts finally came together and everything counted, there was no sudden "ah-ha!" or summation of everything. it all ended up with very little of the energy it began with, with a lot of plot-holes, tons of questions, and as i said earlier, no where near spike lee's normal level. i have to completely disagree with the so-called "professional critics"... this is not the movie they play it up to be.

this movie makes no sense at all, there are plot holes big enough to drive enormous nypd vehicles through. the characters do not act in any plausible way whatsoever. i will put my comments in the chat board, but save your time and money, this is stupid. i can't stand when hollywood spends millions of dollars on flash bang equipment and uses fancy editing and cool music, and does not bother to have a plot that hangs together at even the most basic level. but it is nice to see denzel w. prevail over the man, who comes in 3 flavors, jodi foster, mayor bloomberg and capt. von trapp. there is even a sweet little kid with a video game who is nice.

this is a dumb movie. maybe my judgment wouldn't be so harsh if the film didn't promise so much, but i just felt like this movie cheated and played me for a fool at every turn.i didn't have any beef with the acting, but i thought the characters were awful. the movie starts off with clive owen's character telling us what a criminal mastermind he is, and how he planned the perfect bank robbery, something he frequently reminds us of later. oh yeah, he also tells us he's in a prison cell, although that turns out to be a dumb metaphor. any idiot knows that the best bank robbery is one where a minimum number of things could potentially go wrong, and you're long gone before the police show up. but clive owen's scheme requires hanging around the bank for hours - for no reason but to stalk around and look scary as far as i can tell. he also has to control hostages, negotiate with cops, and most fantastically of all, perform a this-old-house job on the bank's stockroom and hide out there for a week (i hope he brought enough food, and a bucket to pee in) and then sneak out again. yeah, that sure sounds like the perfect crime to me, clive! this plan has so many moving parts that the only reason it didn't fall apart was the screenwriter said so.and then there are the many unexplained details: why were the cops so convinced that the crooks had accomplices among the hostages? who the hell is jodie foster's character, and why is she so important that she has the mayor at her beck and call and she doesn't have to tell denzel washington her agenda because "it's above his pay scale?" how dumb are these cops that they can't figure out one guy speaking in a foreign language for hours is not the sound of a criminal gang planning a robbery? how did the robbers slip away, and why did clive owen stick around for a week? how did they find out about the bank chairman's past, and the number and contents of his safe deposit box? why the hell would clive owen let in jodie foster or the cops? since when do they make toy ak-47s that look real up close? how the hell do you bug a pizza box, anyway? how did clive owen manage to sneak out of a secure area of the bank during working hours, undetected? did this dispassionate criminal really feel bonded enough to this cop denzel to slip him a diamond?none of these questions are ever answered. there are films that achieve depth by leaving you to wonder about events that happen off-screen, but i never felt that way about inside man. it felt like the scenes that explained these things were cut from the movie, or these questions never had any answers in the first place, and that's weak. particularly annoying is jodie foster's character, who won't disclose what she does, but never seems to tire of reminding us how important she is. we're just supposed to take her word for it, i guess.the only reason i gave this movie two stars is i laughed at denzel's "taxi cab" and "pina colada" gags, and at the kid's outrageous video game. other than that, this movie has no redeeming features.

movie: there are some very interesting comments on imdb about this movie. its truly awful. not enough money is spent on the movie and the way spike lee has made it, it seems like a combination of an indie film and an action flick. characters/actors: denzel has done "exactly" what he does in every movie, so no surprise there. here is a little mind game for the readers. quickly think of 10 denzel movies. now count how many of them were in which he played a cop/detective/body guard, whatever. clive owen, hmmmmmm, this guy needs a better role on his plate soon. his best performance was i think in "beyond borders". other than that he did pretty much the same thing as he does in every movie as well. his tone and way of talking was very similar to what he did in "sin city". surely this guy knows acting, what he doesn't know is better way of choosing roles. he is in desperate need of a better agent. jodie foster was brilliant in the movie, if you are watching her for the first time in your life. she has done better. she has had better roles. it so happens in hollywood that even the biggest stars fall down on their knees and pick up low class roles as jody foster did in this movie. plot: plot was not confusing, in fact, i could think of such a plot, in fact the whole movie, while taking a dump after a nice big chinese dinner. i mean come on, ****spoiler on the way----> i am sick of the un-necessary haulocast and the racism token. the movie is about bank robbers, why put the haulocast and the racism in there, nice try playing with people's emotions, worked on anyone? not me. police let the bank robbers go thinking they were hostages? riiiiiiight, please, we're talking about us police force and security here. nobody could find out where clive was, i mean they didn't find anything different with that room. who're we kidding? conclusion: sure, go watch this movie, if nothing, you'll have a nice time talking to you friends how bad the movie was. at least people won't think you're stupid to go watch this movie because they'd think you went to watch it because it has a big star cast "mistake".

a yawn-inducing, snail-paced disappointment, inside man tells the story of a detective (denzel washington) who is under investigation due to his possible involvement in a case of missing money. when a bank is robbed and hostages are held against their will by a mastermind thief (clive owen) and his team, the detective is assigned to coerce the thief to surrender  his one shot at proving he is innocent and worthy of his position. enter a powerful woman (jodie foster) with secrets and intents of her own, sent to recover an item from the bank owner's safety deposit box that is stored within the bank, and you have quite the three-way dilemma. unfortunately, all you get it set-up in the film, and nothing pays off in the end. denzel washington is at his most uninteresting in an ineffective and distastefully egocentric performance. the only saving grace for the film is its competent co-stars jodie foster and clive owen, who are much better than the film itself. in fact, jodie foster delivers the most surprising and high-caliber performance playing against type as a ruthless, cutthroat villain of sorts. clive owen isn't given much to do besides brood and pose, but the depth of his presence and his achieved acting ability more than make up for his underdeveloped role. it's strange that so much talent is wasted on this film of little impact or interest. you have to wonder what director spike lee was thinking while he was creating this film. the most perplexing aspect of inside man, however, is how much unwarranted praise it has received. for a film that seemed to have all the makings of a pre-summer blockbuster, this one falls horribly flat.

my wife and i found this film to be highly unsatisfying. while the plot keeps you interested and busy wondering just what is going on, when you leave the theater, there are just too many loose ends that make no sense at all. (spoilers ahead) christopher plummer, enormously wealthy head of a ny bank has a terrible hidden secret. profiting from ww ii deals with the nazis and hiding loot stolen from jews, he keeps the evidence (including diamonds and documents with the nazi swastika) in a safety deposit box in his bank. why? if he wants this never to be revealed, why did he not burn and destroy the documents years ago? and the diamonds? obviously, he does not need them - why keep them rather than dispose of them? how did the bank robbers find out his secret? how did they know to zero in on this very safety deposit box #232? ace detective denzel washington also discovers bank records show sd boxes no's 231 and 233, but no #232. curious. he meticulously found time somehow to do an exhausting search of bank records to unearth this one curious fact. all the while dealing with a red hot hostage situation and bank robbers threatening to start executing them momentarily. wow! talk about super powers for a detective.the bank robbers leave behind millions of dollars in loose currency in the vault they have opened. they take only the contents of sd box #232, ostensibly for the purpose of blackmailing the bank president. this defies any rational attempt at a logical explanation for what the film depicts as a criminal mastermind, or for his henchmen with lesser brains.jodie foster, using her political connections with the mayor of nyc, gains permission to enter the bank which is under the control of the bank robbers while holding many hostages. she offers the chief bank robber a deal to buy back the documents he now has in hand, but he ain't interested. so what's his point (if any?).my wife was offended by the arrogance of all the players, christopher plummer (bank president), denzel washington (ace detective), and jodie foster, crack trouble shooter for high-powered problems.the last jodie foster movie i saw, "flight plan", was also riddled with holes that made no sense at all. i thought i liked jodie foster, but i will probably avoid her future films.now my problem is that i can rarely persuade my wife to go to the movies. i cannot disagree with her on this one ... "a waste of money, and a waste of time." be forewarned. a well crafted film, fine actors, lousy script writing.

i have never seen any of spike lee's prior films, as their trailers never caught my interest. i have seen, and admire denzel washington, and jodie foster's work, and have several of their dvds. i was, however, entirely disappointed with this movie. if this film is any indication of spike lee's ability as a director, my advice would be to "get a job", and stop wasting the time and talent of others. i wonder if some of the other imdb commentators watched the same movie that i'd seen. i can only assume, from their sappy lovelorn reviews, that their adoration of spike lee has blinded them to the banality of this piece of work. i only paid $2.50, in a "second run" theater, and still felt i'd wasted my money.the imdb "trivia" page says it all.......* "shot in 39 days" -- how can you expect to shoot a big budget "blockbuster", (as the media hype promised), in such a short time? no wonder there was such a weak performance by all.* "ron howard was first going to direct the film..." -- he may have done this project some justice, given more time to do so, of course. though the writing was atrocious, the premise had some merits. ok! maybe not. i'm sorry! this film was so rife with pitiful cliché's, implausible scenes, and lousy characterizations, that maybe even he couldn't have made much of it. (hey ron! be sure to thank russell...good call!) * "jodie foster filmed her part in three weeks." -- and it showed! her portrayal of a "fixer", who makes people's problems go away, was as unbelievable as the script she was given. did she even want to be there?other peeves: * how many bank robbers would bother to come to the door, and inform a uniformed police officer that they were inside robbing the bank, and he'd better keep away...or else? * when "detective frazier", (denzel washington), comes into the bank to verify there are no corpses yet, how many bank robbers, without a gun, would have "led" a cop, (much less "let" a cop) back out to the front door, allowing the police officer to walk behind him? * det. frazier later claimed, to have given the robber "every reason to shoot me." why, then, in their brief struggle, didn't he even try to expose the robber's face? that may have gotten the response he was looking for...a robber would have shot him just to prevent later identification. and why did it take "steve, stevie, steve-o", (the robber's accomplice), so long to come and help out? * i understand that these weren't your typical bank robbers. they had a different agenda, and didn't want anyone harmed. but the cops had no reason to think that they wouldn't. to them it was a desperate situation. why then, when two of the bad guys stepped outside to "pick up the pizzas?", were they not taken down. (first of all, how many robbers would have came outside without using a hostage as a shield? is this spike lee's version of ny city, or snl's?). taking them down would have reduced the bad guy's numbers, screwed up their plans, and the remaining robbers would more probably have given up. if not, there at least would be fewer bad guys inside. (give swat something to do, or send them home!)* what police department in this country, would have allowed madeline white, (jodie foster), to just waltz right into the bank, and discuss a matter with the robbers, that she would not disclose to them first? she had no authority, no governmental credentials; and besides, this was after all, "already" a hostage situation...add one more?* why wouldn't the bank ceo, (christopher plummer), just have destroyed the incriminating documents a long time ago? screw sentimentality! the diamonds, he could have sold.* who was that "schmuck", (the character, not the actor), with the jersey accent, that, conveniently, volunteered, and said he knew the recording was "100% albanian", but yet he himself couldn't speak it.....sir! put your hand down! and his ex-wife! what a "schlump" she was!!! both were totally unbelievable. * when interrogating suspects, why did det. frazier, continually harass the individuals who were obviously not a part of the heist?, (i.e. - telling the elderly woman she could go, and then she couldn't, then could; then couldn't?) give me a break! * who, after seeing the bank robbers demand that the hostages put on jump suites, couldn't deduce their escape plan included coming out of the bank pretending to be some of the hostages? * near the end of the movie, a false wall was shown to have been built in the supply room, behind which clive owens hid out for "a week"....where did the materials come from? (the drywall & studs). it was also to be assumed that they cut into the sewer, so he could relieve himself. the bank employees hadn't complained about the smell, all week long? hello!* after such a debacle; since the documents "had" fallen into the robber's hands, what kind of "references" was ms. white expecting to get from the bank ceo, seeing that he was now to be a target for blackmail, due to her failure?* and last, but certainly not least, what's with the "electric glide" that denzel did? how stupid! was that supposed to indicate his "resolve" to bring these guys to justice? he looked, rather, like a man who hopped a ride on a shopping cart, while trying to prevent a bowel movement! "cheeee-zheeee"!!!! other than the mediocre plot; lousy script; bad acting; and overall pitiful directing......yada, yada, yada. hopefully this will give enough insight into the movie to help others decide whether to waste their money or not!.

it's a waist to indulge such great actors in such a weak and boring movie. besides all the unanswered questions posted in the other comments, what's so difficult about capturing the robbers? just eliminate the bank workers, see who was at the bank-from all the cameras' footage angles-prior to the robbers entry and you have those extra 4 remaining robbers among the hostages. where is the suspense every body is talking about? it was so obvious the moment the hostages were asked to change into this identical uniform that they were all going to walk out the front door... seen it many times. at least mr. spike lee could have seasoned the movie with some good music score and artistic shooting. the movie is not worth it. pronto!

it seems to me that stephen king's "bachman" pen-name was a way for him to put out some of the grimmer, rawer, more mean-spirited stuff that he wanted to write without 'contaminating' his 'brand name'. if you look back at the "bachman books" (running man, the long walk, roadwork, thinner) you notice they have a sealed-in feeling of airlessness and hopelessness about them that is distinct from mainstream king. i realize that we are talking about the guy whose first novel featured a humiliated, blood-covered, emotionally crippled teenage girl slaughtering everyone at her high school prom...but mainstream king always at have characters and plot elements that leaven the grimness of the proceedings a bit, and mostly have endings that offer at least a glimpse of hope and human feeling. bachman books are just plain mean and always end badly. (btw, "pet semetary" could have easily been a bachman book if king hadn't revealed the alias by then. and "the dark half" seems to be at least partially about his "bachman" persona.)"thinner" was the last bachman book, and man, with its themes of class warfare, revenge, and death by starvation, it is nasty. so it should be no surprise that the movie follows suit. what is a surprise is that the adaptation seems to be filmed at a "tv movie of the week" level of talent instead of something worthy of a theatrical release. (these days, something like this would probably go directly to dvd or cable). the makeup work and the striking motif (starving to death in the midst of plenty, a metaphor for the overfed, undernourished american middle class if there ever was one) is all that keeps you watching this misfire. what went wrong? my first thought is that the director was going for the nasty bachman vibe, but he also somehow sucked all the interest out of the movie with poor casting choices - the actors here (with the exception of joe monetegna) simply can't carry the movie. and then he squished the warmth and life out of the rest of the movie with awkward pacing and scene structure. plus he couldn't leave the plot alone, and his changes don't really help. the script and dialog ought to work, but mostly the movie just lies there. everything is muffled, dull, airless, and no fun to watch...with the vivid exception of the spectacle of the main character getting....thinner, and thinner, and thinner. as other have pointed out, "thinner" is by no means the worst king movie ever made (or even the second worst). and it does have a dreadful, compelling fascination owing to the theme and the careful makeup work. but first time viewers should approach this one with lowered expectations.

this movie was absolutely terrible. i can't believe i paid to see it in the theatre. i wouldn't watch it on free cable t.v. i'm surprised that joe magtena even made it. do not waste your time with this movie.

a fun concept, but poorly executed. except for the fairly good makeup effects, there's really not much to it. there are obvious problems; for example, after taking what seems to be weeks and weeks to get from fat to normal size, the main character seems to go from normal size to deathly thin in days... and once he's deathly thin he stays pretty much equally deathly thin for what seems to be a long time.in any case, the movie has far worse problems than that--the cinematography is decidedly low-budget-tv-show quality and most of all the acting is pretty awful all around. robert john burke seems to always be trying for some kind of weird snarling charlton heston impersonation and is literally painful to watch... the only scary thing is that lucinda jenney and kari wuhrer are both even worse.the only reason why i'm giving this movie as high as i am is that once the movie enters its last 1/3 or so and joe mantegna's character takes over, the movie develops a fun, campy 'cheesefest slaughterhouse' feel, and the gangster's crazy schemes for tormenting the totally obnoxious gypsies are somewhat fun to watch. the ending, if predictable, is also nicely mean. avoid unless you're a king-o-phile or are really psyched up at the idea of the voice of fat tony from the simpsons terrorizing a gypsy camp.

so 'thinner'... yep.. this steven bachman (read steven king) yarn about a man who gets his just desserts from a gypsy elder who he just killed, the story itself is there, no doubt about it, but i don't know why i didn't enjoy it more than i could have. i guess what really distracted me was the actors. i mean, who's the lead? robert john burke? who's he? and fer crying out loud, can someone please stop hiring joseph mantegna for every italian mafioso role there ever is? and while we're at it, does every mafioso have to have a pasta cooking italian mother? the only good acting job done here is under 10 pounds of makeup, michael constantine as the gypsy elder. he's pretty good. but the rest, i make you all, "better actors..."

i began watching this movie with low expectations, as a matter of fact i only noticed it because it was an adaptation of a s.k. novel ( a novel i never read).i'm glad my expectations were low because the movie wasn't nothing close to good, but it manages to keep you interested. what really drags this story down is the work done by the director and the actors. the movie is overlong, hasn't no "nice" shots and no scares, the dialogs are dumb and the special effects are crap.the only things good are that, as i said, it keeps you interested ( i guess the book must be good) without using much horror cliches.my vote 4/10.

i am not one of those who think king is a great writer, his books are fine distractions for a few hours, and often have interesting premises, however they, in my opinion, fall apart pretty rapidly if you give them any serious thought.this film suffers from being a pretty exact re-telling of king's story. if you have read the book, there are zero surprises, no changes, no altering of scenes or characters. this is a film made by king fans for king fans.for the rest of us, there is nothing terrible about the film, it is a 'gypsy curse' horror, with its twist being the curse being something many people wish for, to become thinner. the final third has some severe structural problems, and the slightly forced ending seems to break the rules of this genre a little.there are worse ways to spend 90 minutes of your life, but you might as well read the book, because there is nothing new here...

this move reminded my of tales from the crypt keeper. it has the same sort of idea of people get what they deserve. i think that's always the them in a crypt story. the same goes for the bad acting. very bad acting. i enjoyed the movie knowing that most people didn't like it and i wasn't expecting much. whenever i watch a stephen king movie i don't expect much because all his movies are awful compared to the genius of his novels. i have read the shining and carrie and they were great books. i love how carrie played out like it was a true story and the whole book is a bunch of reports and theories and such. it was so good. but i noticed that both of the novels were nothing like the movies. the endings were very different then the movie versions. i assume from those two novels that all of his novels are changed greatly and the endings are always cheesy. i ending of thinner is the worst. so cheesy. i want to read the book to find out the real ending. i suggest everyone who intends to read stephen king's novels to watch his movies before hand so that you may compare. and that way you will be greatly satisfied in the book. i intend on doing so with all his novels that were made into movies. i'm sure if they were made into movies they were real good books... and the screenplay went terribly wrong.

the plot of the thinner is decidedly thin. and gross. an obese lawyer drives over the gypsy woman, and the gypsy curse causes him to lose and lose weight... to the bone. ok, gypsy curses should be entertaining, but the weight-losing gone bad? nope. except stephen king thinks so. and michael mcdowell, other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film, does so, too. the lawyer is not only criminally irresponsible, he is fat too, haha! the thinner is like an immature piece of crap for a person who moans how he/she has never seen anything so disgusting than fatness. hey, i can only say: well, look at the mirror.

i was really looking forward to seeing this film, but after watching it i was really disappointed. the best bit was when stephen king was in it. rober john berk cannot act to save his life and neither can any of the others. a few of the performances even made me laugh out loud! the film was was not as i imagined it, after reading the book which was awesome, i imagined it darker and a lot scarier. if i was stephen, i would be really mad!i don't know why they changed the ending, i thought the ending of the book was very good. if you just found out the pie killed your daughter, you wouldn't feed it to anyone else would you?!book was so much better!

just another example of why stepehn king's books should not be made into movies. (even carrie, one of the best, is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen.) the premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer, always on a diet, who "accidentally" kills an old gypsy woman. in court, with the help of the judge and the local police chief, he gets off, even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. the father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3, with our main character, billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. though the movie kept with the book, for the most part, and has your typical king ending, the acting was stilted and felt forced. we went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between, sort of like reading acts in a play. king himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like dave barry), which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that: authors. leave the acting to actors. not that anyone in this movie was that great. i've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better.

no, i haven't read the stephen king novel "thinner," but i choked down the film version. horror movies are an acquired taste. regular movies give an audience a hero to applaud as he strives to achieve a goal. in horror movies, audiences are invited to savor the demise of characters. in director tom holland's low-fat but tasteless revenge chiller "thinner," nobody wins and everybody deserves the bite that is put on them. gluttonous new england attorney billy halleck (robert john burke of "robocop 3") has a weight problem. although he rocks the bathroom scales at 300 pounds, he appears happily married to a trim, delectable wife, heidi (lucinda jenney of "g.i. jane") with a yeasty teenage daughter.fat doesn't mean stupid here. halleck displays his sagacity in court when he wins an acquittal verdict for sleazy mafia chieftain richie ginelli (joe mantegna of "house of games"). driving home from a victory feast, billy hits an old gypsy woman crossing the street and kills her. a cover-up occurs, and halleck's friends get him out of the soup. the disgruntled gypsy father taduz lemke (michael constantine of "skidoo") retaliates with a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two town officials that exonerated him. suddenly, halleck finds himself shedding pounds no matter how much chow he chomps. when he begs the vengeful gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. desperately, halleck resorts to richie. while halleck struggles with the gypsies to remove the hex, he learns that his loyal wife has turned his attentions to the town's hotshot doctor."thinner" qualifies as not only laughably inept horror flick, but the filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. tom holland, who directed "child's play" (1988), and scenarist michael mcdowell, have served up such a slipshod script that you cannot relish watching billy get his just dessert and shrivel up. "thinner" boasts few shocks and fewer surprises. the filmmakers may have regurgitated king's novel, but they have filleted whatever sense of horror and humor it contained. holland and mcdowell introduce characters, such as the mafioso, then inexplicably let them off the hook. one minor character shows up long enough to die and have a chicken's head stuffed in his mouth.the stereotypical behavior of the characters may offend audiences, too. "thinner" depicts women as oversexed vixens and men as swine. when halleck sneaks home from a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked at his house. his suspicions ripen into jealousy and he cooks up a scheme to get the curse transferred to this wife. even the premature ending lacks any satirical flavor. oscar-winning special effects wizard greg cannom of "van helsing" and make-up artist bob laden do a fabulous job beefing up actor robert john burke to look obese. they succeed, too, in making him shrivel.only die-hard stephen king fans will be able to stomach this misogynistic gooledyspook.

you'll notice that the chemist, who appears in two scenes and gets to speak, is played by stephen king. "don't give up your day job" is the standard thing to say, but that's not fair. king acquits himself reasonably well: he's no worse than any other member of the cast, and better than most. the story, on the other hand, is pure rubbish. please, give up your day job.never have i seen so many dreadful performances - of which the lead actor's (the lead actor's!) is probably the worst - gathered together in the one film. everyone acts hammily, but not in any entertaining way; they all somehow manage to go over-the-top without expending, or manifesting, energy. i blame screenwriter/director tom holland. it can't be that all the actors are really this bad. what are the odds against that? admittedly, i've never heard of any of them before, but still, i don't think i could walk into a talent agency and walk out with this many bad performers if i tried: one actor, despite my best efforts, would turn out to have talent. so what's more likely - that tom holland rolled a dozen consecutive snake-eyes, or that he wrote a lousy script and then directed it poorly? that would also explain why actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script. the more direction an actor got, the worse he performed. ("you want me to bend over like a hunchback, talk from the back of my throat, show all my teeth, and look bored, all at the same time? okay...")this theory is confirmed by the fact that holland undeniably managed to co-write a lousy script. several writers here have commented on the fact that billy halleck is not a likeable character, but that's a misleading way of putting it. he's not a knowable character. all we find out about him before the supernatural stuff starts happening is that he's fat, and that all he can think about is food. ("all i can think about is food," he tells us, helpfully.) and in the end...(sigh) i suppose i ought insert a spoiler warning here...in the end he becomes evil. why? i can only shrug. perhaps he's under some kind of enchantment. yeah, that's probably it. by "evil" perhaps i mean "inexplicable" - it's not so much badness as a socially undesirable suspension of ordinary means-end psychology. anyway, his actions at the end make no sense, nobody's actions make much sense, and this is despite the fact that the characters do little but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience.by the way, here's my nominee for hammiest line/delivery: "i don't think you'd like it. in fact..." [big dramatic pause] "...i don't think you'd like it at all."

one of those, "why was this made?" movies. the romance is very hard to swallow. it is one of those romances, that, suddenly, "click" - they are in love. the movie is filled with long pauses and uncomfortable moments - the drive-in restaurant being the most notable. charles grodin does a credible job but for most of the movie it's just him and louise lasser. ask yourself, do you want to watch grodin with his neurosis and lasser with her neurosis together for a hour and half?

this stuffy melodrama is quite easily the worst film starring ingrid bergman that i've seen. even her luminous screen presence can't save this insufferably slow and meandering movie that's nearly impossible to sit through without fast-forwarding a lot of it.only for die-hard bergman fans; others are very likely to fall asleep. i suggest you to watch "for whom the bell tolls" instead.

a novel by remarque. a cast that looks great on paper. a left-wing refugee struggling to remain in paris between the wars. a gestapo officer undercover.it's a pity there's no synergy here. the bits and pieces never coalesce.stories about left-wing refugees in france don't have to be this dull. read arthur koestler's memoir "scum of the earth" (if you can find it). or his chilling "dialogue with death" (ditto).to me, the only interest in this film lies in some of the incidental details.the leads spend a lot of time drinking calvados, the norman apple brandy. i welcome any prompting to have a nip of calvados myself. it certainly made this film appear to pass more quickly. but, according to the film, it's only sold in cheap, low-class saloons. vive le tabac parisien! that's what i say. references to intoxicating liquors do abound here; that would seem to be a preoccupation of the scenarists.i enjoy films set in france because it can be amusing waiting for the inevitable full-size alcohol ad to pop up on a wall in the background. i wasn't disappointed. this time it was for byrrh, a very unusual choice. this film would rate a 10 if only we were judging it on the refinement of its booze murals.the film's indifferent score is by louis gruenberg. gruenberg is best known -- if you can call it that -- for his opera "the emperor jones", based on the o'neill play. it premièred at roughly the same time as the film version starring paul robeson. the opera survives today in a recording or two by lawrence tibbett. it should surface again soon though; they're running out of potentially marketable operas to revive.opera seems an appropriate subject to mention here since charles boyer's character operates under his "czech" aliases. two of them are "wozzeck" and "gunther", both prominent roles in german opera. is that just coincidence?name-dropping just seems to be part of this film. notice that they call up "himmelstoss" on the phone. himmelstoss happens to be one of the main characters in remarque's earlier "all quiet on the western front".well, the in-jokes are all in place; guess there wasn't time to develop any drama.

this 2003 made for tv movie was shown on a women's channel, naturally. as a man, why do i even attempt to watch this? i don't know, but i should have my head examined. and director and writer simon gornick should be ashamed of himself to give men an injustice as he does. he takes away any strength and conviction a man could have by having several boring women do him in. number one bore is joyce hyser as the wife. i couldn't wait for him to drop her. her revenge was silly and stupid and very confusing through most of the movie. the other femme fatale was nichole hiltz, about the coldest person you'd ever want to meet. her looks didn't warrant our leading man to go that ape over her and her acting was so obvious, only a fool could miss. definitely a loser. tembi locke was pretty good, but slow on the uptake as to the slut seducing her own husband, again played as a guy who is a loser, by david deluise. rounding out our cast of losers is anthony denison as a boss who has little to do but scowl at our hero. stephen jenkins as our hero, or should i say victim, was not that good. at first i thought he just a bad actor, but later i believed it. he never got the part off the ground and was repetitive throughout. although, as a man, i became enraged when the two women got away with it. men, beware of this channel that puts men down and women get away even with murder. lmn is the channel. beware. note: having watched this a second time by mistake, i am convinced on my initial thoughts. especially on the writer/director, simon gornick. i still believe he has disgraced the male species and should be horse whipped. only saving grace in this film is tembi locke who doesn't have a chance to show her talents with the awful acting of jenkins, hyser, hiltz and deluise around her. plus the stupid plot that only makes it worse. down with gornick's movie and his vacant stars in it. please lmn don't show this trite again.

blows my mind how this movie got made. i watched it while i worked at home writing emails and answering the phone -- i only watched it because i hoped the "revenge" part would be good. needless to say, the revenge and the forced plot twists were not worth the emails during which they were watched. in fact, i'm not even sure what happened at the end any more. the acting was as bad as re-enactment scenarios on the "fbi files" show -- by far, the worst re-enactments (really only "arrest and trial" can possibly be as bad at re-enactments). i didn't even know that the leading man was in third eye blind until i looked the movie up here on imdb, but its obvious why he hasn't made any movies since. i hope he is a good singer.

you've heard it said to live every moment as if it's your last? whether it's your last day or not, i beg you not to waste any part of it watching this! nichole hiltz provides some nice moments of eye candy (that alas, stays wrapped) and david deluise shows why he should stick to the small screen or dog food commercials. a shallow, unrealistic plot with dreadful dialogue means there is no "art" in the "art of revenge".

there is only one reason to watch this movie if you are not related to one of the stars or a producer: actress nichole hiltz. she is the show in this slow moving and wildly unlikely story of revenge. directed by simon gornick, the film stars joyce hyser as a betrayed wife who decides to seek revenge on her cheatin' spouse. oh, but not by conventional means. she plans a total guerrilla war and recruits bad girl nichole hiltz as her weapon of choice. she wants nichole (as tuesday) to get close to her ex (the handsome but dull stephan jenkins, who should stick to music) to embarrass him and ruin his life. david deluise is good in his few brief moments, and former "crime story" star anthony dennison is given virtually nothing to do but scowl. hiltz on the other hand comes off at various times as sexy and playful, then evil and devious. she also handles vulnerable and "maybe a bit psychotic" well. she's also quite hot (though there's no naughty bits show) so you can understand how she might be able to get to any guy she is aimed at. but the performance is kind of wasted in this movie, which is just not edgy or interesting enough to recommend.

a police officer (robert forster) in a crime ridden city has his wife attacked and young son killed after she dares to stand up to a thug at a petrol station. after the murderers get off scot-free thanks to a corrupt judge and he himself is jailed for 30 days for contempt of court, he decides to take matters into his own hands by joining a group of vigilantes led by a grizzled looking fred williamson. these robin hood types sort out any criminal that the law is unwilling to prosecute, and with their help he attempts to track down those that wronged him..this film is nothing but a big bag o'clichés. the only thing out of the ordinary is the on-screen slaying of a two year old boy, which was pretty sick. otherwise it's business as usual for this genre e.g involves lots of car chases, beatings and shootings mixed in with plenty of male posturing. i could have done without the prison fight in the shower involving all those bare-a**ed inmates, though. also, did they run out of money before filming the last scenes? i mention this because it ends very abruptly with little closure. if anyone knows, give me a bell.. actually, don't bother.to conclude: file under "forgettable nonsense". next..

robert forster, normally a very strong character actor, is lost at sea here cast as a new york family man seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his son and attacked his wife in a home invasion. scary subject matter exploited for cheapjack thrills in the "death wish" vein. it isn't difficult to scoff at these smarmy proceedings: the dialogue is full of howlers, the crime statistics are irrevocably dated, and the supporting characters are ridiculously over-written (particularly a despicable judge who allows an accused murderer to walk right out of the courtroom). low-rent production is contemptible in its self-righteousness, especially as the violence in our cities has only increased. * from ****

how wonderful. yet another movie about america by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times, a day a piece, and believes himself to be an "expert" on the country. sheesh. i should take a trip to germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about germany as the "land of nazis" or some such. wim il boy, you should get together with lars von trier and make the ultimate movie about the americans. of course we all know it takes a pretentious left-leaning "we are the world" european to make a "real" movie about america.yeah, right. for a continent that started not one but two world wars, europe sure has a lot of opinions about america's wrong "foreign policy".p.s. don't worry, wim il boy, there's plenty of uc-berkeley americans that'll just love your movie. of course, these are the same people who thinks george w. bush is worst than hitler, and that a painting of a can of soup is "sheer genius"!!

"land of plenty" is not a film. it is a tombstone for the directorial career of german director wim wenders.many felt it in "the million dollar hotel" and now "land of plenty" makes it perfectly clear; not only has wenders lost it, he's actually turned into a bad director, creating horribly weak and superficial stories and scenes.one might argue that the "time you lose it" comes for every director, but wenders' case is extreme. it's as if he completely forget everything he knew about cinema and started all over again - only to get sloppish results.in a few words, this film does not deserve your time.

shiri appleby is the cutest little embodiment of evil turned good girl demon-kicking buffy clone, elle. but i'm getting ahead of myself, you see lilith was the first woman made by god as a companion to adam. but she got all uppity evil feminist so god banished her from eden. a clandestine order known as the fath captures her but doesn't kill her, so now with amnesia (which is not really explained that well) lilith (now elle) is free to become the aforementioned buffy-clone who has to battle with a mad scientist who got an injection of lilith's blood. if the previous paragraph sounded hideously convoluted, that's because it is. the movie is also dull, generic, and for a film with a plot steeped in theology it doesn't seem to know a lick about it. this bargain basement lousy-cgied movie was apparently a failed series pilot. all i can say to the fact that it didn't get picked up is a resounding amen.my grade: d-dvd extras: commentary by writer/director bill platt and co-writer chris regina; and stills gallery; video effects samples: before & after (it also has an "also available" selection that you would think would lead you to some trailers, but nope on dvd covers for other films, which is a stupid idea)dvd-rom extras: final shooting script and deleted scenes transcript both in pdf format

this obvious pilot for an unproduced tv series features young canadian actress shiri appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible powers that must be put to use when a man-turned-flying demon is let loose on the world. the cgi is par for a tv job, and appleby is ok as an amnesiac but hard to swallow as a superheroine. familiar tv face richard burgi is along for the ride as appleby's mentor, but he can do nothing to elevate this dreck above the mediocre level. we see way too much of the cartoonish flying demon right from the start, a bad sign. also, the scenes where burgi is training appleby for battle are actually laughable. they are a bad copy of similar scenes in several other movies, most notably remo williams.

yuck. i thought it odd that their ancient book on curses was made using a common script font instead of hand written. the acting is so apathetic at times and so over-dramatic at other times. why would a "demonico" kill the two suspiciously quiet doctors who helped make him immortal? just for the heck of it? and is it really necessary to show lilith's motorcycle whenever she's out somewhere. we get it! you spent a little bit of money to rent some third rate crotch rocket. it doesn't mean you have to show it all the time! the "faith's" lair looks like an old school battlestar galactica set with some last minute changes. there is a scene where we are introduced to a few people on a talk show for about 30 seconds before they are killed without apparent reason and without importance. everyone is a throwaway character. forgettable characters and an even more forgettable plot make this one of the most ill-conceived movies i've seen the scifi channel come out with. stay away unless you're into bad movies.

genghis cohn is a (very) mildly entertaining british movie about a german police commissioner in the late 1950's who is haunted by the ghost of a jewish comedian that he killed 15 years earlier while serving under hitler in the ss. the ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a jew to atone for the murders he committed.otto, the german policeman actually knows this ghost's name because, the last thing he did before he died was said, in yiddish, `kiss my ass'. the policeman didn't speak yiddish, so he asked around until he found the meaning. the `kiss my ass' left such an impression that everybody involved with that killing learned and remembered the comedian's name, genghis cohn.there are a bunch of men who are murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner, and there are no helpful clues. the men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher. the butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich, so the commissioner is a suspect. the first man is killed while making love to the butcher's wife, so the butcher is a suspect. but the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed every man that slept with his wife. all the men are killed immediately after the climax of lovemaking.i think i might be a bit angrier than the ghost of genghis cohn if i was killed like he was. he seems to be very good-natured about it, as if he was just in a mild car accident. i can only guess that it is because it is a british movie and they are known for being a very polite people. he uses some of his material from his stand-up routing, and i just didn't find it very funny.i gave this movie a 4 because it was just kind of goofy. i thought it should have been a little more serious than it was. the movie turns out to be a murder mystery (where did this come from?), and it seemed that genghis should have been more helpful than he was. the movie gave me a tiny look into jewish culture, but was only skin-deep. do all jews love liver and onion sandwiches? do they all say `shtoop' and `meshuganah' in their daily vocabulary? isn't there more important stuff that we should know about the culture?i saw this movie at a jewish community center in berkeley, ca, and i was the only person in the room whose hair was not fully gray or white. (i have no gray or white hair.) there were 18 of us, and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie. there were 2 main concerns expressed there: 1. the movie was way too light-hearted and future generations might not understand the gravity of what happened and 2. as the holocaust survivors are dying off, future generations will not know what really happened. i thought that this second concern was ridiculous and i told them i thought they didn't need to worry because there is tons of literature out there and there will always be people who like to watch movies, like myself. the murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will not ever be forgotten. i write this last paragraph because they charged me with telling others about my experience that day.

this seemed to be a good movie, i thought it would be a good movie, and throughout the movie i was hoping it would be a meaningful use of my time, and yes, i have to admit that the acting talent of dimple kapadia and deepti naval where truly commendable, but despite the best effort this movie falls short of effectively conveying a meaningful message, which it seems is it seemed was what somnath sen is trying to do. the final point comes short and the ending seemed kind of unsatisfactory after all that happens; a bit like real life in that respect but movies unlike real life ends in about 2hrs and the ending should leave the audience satisfied, if indeed that was the director's intention. this falls short in that respect and that is what disappoints me the most.another aspect that concerned me was the national stereo-typing of the american characters - they all seem to be carved out of the same block. seems to me that most american characters in indian english movies are based upon how common indians themselves perceive americans to be like and it is clear that no effort has been made to bring any sense of depth or complexity to any american in the movie.these two aspects put together they make for a disappointing story.

this has got to be one of those films where the trailer is 50 times better than the movie itself.i first saw the trailer in 1991, it looked great.since then i have always wanted to see it but could never find it.....until today, yes, 14 years later.lets just say i was so disappointed its unreal, ok i knew it wouldn't be an oscar winner but still had hopes that it would be a fun no-brain film in the bloodsport mold. unfortunately it was not, it's poohwhats with all the american rock and roll music and the acting was so bad it was quite frightening.the fight scenes were rubbish and look fake.this dvd only cost me £5 and i believe i was overcharged by £7now i'm sad as i know that i will never get that hour and a half back.

oscar wilde's comedy of manners, perhaps the wittiest play ever written, is all but wrecked at the hands of a second-rate cast. sanders is, as one would expect, casually, indolently brilliant in the role of lord darlington, but the rest of the cast makes the entire procedure a waste of time. jean crain attempts a stage accent in alternate sentences and the other members of the cast seem to believe this is a melodrama and not a comedy; indeed, the entire production has bookends that reduce it to tragedy -- doubtless the hays office insisted. preminger's direction seems to lie mostly in making sure that there are plenty of servants about and even the music seems banal. stick with the visually perfect silent farce as directed by lubitsch or even the 2004 screen version with helen hunt as mrs. erlynne; or try reading the play for the pleasure of the words. but skip this version.

i can sum this movie up using 20 words or less. way too predictable of a story line with potential to be funny but instead falls flat on its face. see, 19 words, however, i didn't completely pan this flick with just one star but instead decided to bump it up to two stars due to the fact that julie bowen is smoking hot and provided just enough eye candy to keep me from ripping the dvd right out from the machine and blowing it up with an m80. my advice, take the $4.00 rental fee you would have paid to see this movie and just send it right to me as an advance thank you for saving you the time and frustration of having to sit through this train wreck, or you may want to send me the $50.00 replacement fee you would have been charged from taking out your twelve gage to use this piece of garbage as skeet shooting practice.

some illegal so-called asylum seeker comes to stuttgart and finds that germans are "racist." this is just another already-forgotten steaming nugget in a long list of post-wwii anti-german propaganda films, aimed to make germans feel "bad" for not welcoming each and every degenerate in their country so he can chase german blonds and sell drugs to german teenagers.if you're looking for good german films in general, see "der tunnel," "der untergang," "europa europa," and "lola rennt."but not this.also, "das experiment," with the same male actor from "lola rennt."

an illegal immigrant resists the social support system causing dire consequences for many. well filmed and acted even though the story is a bit forced, yet the slow pacing really sets off the conclusion. the feeling of being lost in the big city is effectively conveyed. the little person lost in the big society is something to which we can all relate, but i cannot endorse going out of your way to see this movie.

run...do not walk away from this movie!!!!! aimed at the very young kids, this movie will bore you to tears. if the gamera trilogy of the 90's raised the bar, this film just lowered it. it's slow paced and the monster fighting is good, but seldom seen. this movie had me dry heaving in the cat box. just a very poor offering after a phenomenal 90's series.spoilers beyond this point!!!!!!!!!!! here are the top 10 reasons gamera fans of the 90's series will hate this film.10. this movie is a drama that follows a kid trying to cope with the death of his mother and fears losing baby gamera to a fight after knowing his father saw the adult gamera die.9. you see the adult gamera for maybe a minute at the beginning of the film. he gets his butt kicked by a few gyaos and self destructs??? he looks old and lethargic. plus he looks nothing like any gamera you've ever seen. his suit looked cheap and rushed.8. the young gamera you see through the rest of the film looks like a pokemon. big-eyed and cute...it will remind you of the baby godzilla from godzilla vs mechagodzilla 2. gamera is now too cute.7. this movie has the pace of watching a nascar race during a 3 hour rain delay. i watched this movie with 2 other gamera fans and nobody was happy with how slowly this film moved along. i've seen an suv full of fat people going up a mountain road move faster.6. like godzilla:final wars, this movie had very little kaiju time on screen. final wars had much more, actually, and better fights although short.5. kids take the title role. the friend of all children theme and poor writing killed the original gamera series in the 1970's and history repeats itself in the 2000's. the most successful gamera films abandoned the sesame street feel and went to a darker place. why go back to a failed formula? this was to be a new trilogy and poor ticket sales killed any hope for this story to continue (thank god).4. gamera lost his iconic roar. he now sounds like an elephant with strep throat.3. this movie may produce a new olympic event.....imagine a relay race that involves sending very young children into harm's way. you have to see the ending to understand this point. where were the parents? oh yea..right there sending their kids into a kaiju battle zone.2. the special effects were good, but sub-par for a gamera movie. legion and iris had better effects. the best effect was showing the apple sized baby gamera fly. not too impressive.1. this movie is just not what adult kaiju fans come to expect. the director was involved in power rangers and it shows. it comes off like a cross between et, always: sunset on third street and tmnt. kudos if you know all 3 references.rental at best or watch once if you buy it to complete the dvd series.

this is a very odd film ... i wasn't really sure what is was about, some n london lowlifes find a mute kid in the woods that they all believe is some kind of oracle and somehow makes them all, in their own way, change something about their lives that usually ends in disaster. the film ended after about 90 minutes leaving me feeling quite unsatisfied, almost annoyed at the pointlessness of it all. i didn't care about any of the characters - none of them get a chance to endear themselves to the viewer.what was the message? am i being dim? it was just too odd. what happens to runner? why does emilio shoot the kid? ... that made absolutely no sense, pointless. can someone help me understand this mess of a film?

i am rarely moved to make these kind of comments but after sitting through most of rankin's dreadful movie i feel like i have really earned the right to say what i feel about it! i couldn't actually make it right to the end, and became one of the half dozen or more walk outs (about 1/3rd of the audience) after the ragged plot, woeful dialogue and insulting characterisation became just too much to bear. this film is all pose and no art. all style and no substance. it is weighed down by dreadful acting, a genuinely dire script, indifferent cinematography and student-level production values. how it got funded, started, and finished is a mystery to me. i bet you a million quid it never goes on general release. the proper critics would tear it apart. a really bad film. shockingly bad. a really really really poor effort and that is without even mentioning the gratuitous new-born-kitten-gets-dropped-into-a-deep-fat-fryer moment. totally meaningless, utterly lightweight, poorly put together; this movie is a dreadful embarrassment for uk cinema.

without question, the worst film i've seen for a long while. i endured to the end because surely there must be something here, but no. the plot, when not dealing in clichés, rambles to the point of non-existence; dialogue that is supposed to be street is simply hackneyed; characters never develop beyond sketches; set-pieces are clichéd. worse, considering its co-director, the photography is only so-so.comments elsewhere that elevate this alongside get carter, long good friday or kaspar hauser are way way off the mark; lives of the saints lacks their innovation let alone their depth and shading. in short, their craft. a ruthless editor could probably trim it down to a decent 30-minute short, but as it stands it's a 6th form film project realised on a million-pound scale; rambling and bloated with its own pretensions. that it received funding (surely only because of rankin's name) while other small films struggle for cash is depressing for the british film industry.

the lives of the saints starts off with an atmospheric vision of london as a bustling city of busy, quaint streets and sunshine. i was hoping it would maintain this atmosphere, but it gets bogged down in a story that goes pretty much nowhere.othello works for big, fat mr. karva, his crime-boss step-dad (at least i think that is what he is supposed to be because it's never really defined, but he does drop kittens into deep fat friers, so trust me, he's a prick) doing scrappy little errands while his skanky girlfriend gives daddy hand-jobs. one of his colleagues is runner, a black dude who is always dashing from a to b. until the day he comes across almost mute homeless child who grants him his wish of being able to stop running. runner dumps the lost boy in othello's flat, where he promptly starts granting more wishes. keen to have some of his own desires fulfilled, karva has the boy kidnapped. but he isn't sure of what would really bring him happiness. is it the innocence of being a child again or is it another hand-job? either way, i don't want to see the little boy grant him the second.it just takes ages to get going and there are loads of repetitive scenes. the ending tries to be shocking but since there's hardly any back-story on investment in any of these characters it only serves as a release for the bored audience.writer tony grisoni, a favourite of terry gilliam, tries to blend in some kind of religious allegory which ends up being pretentious as all hell, ironically. if he gave us something more accessible or at least had better explanations for the characters suddenly acting all weird then it would have been a more enjoyable film. as it is, we are introduced to a bunch of annoying loudmouths who then miraculously seem to develop intelligence when confronted by the mysterious boy. who's origins are never revealed. that's just plain irritating! aside from sporadic moments of atmosphere and a moody score, this film has little to recommend.

i had watched "the eye" before i watched this one. i really liked "the eye", it was one of the best movies of the recent asian horror-cinema. so, i picked this "bangkok haunted" because it was the same director, and it was kind of popular round here. but man, what a disappointment... "bangkok haunted" are three stories about love, revenge, ghosts, etc. that are no scary at all, not even disturbing (as "the eye" was)... no nothing. i can't even fill the 10 lines required for the comment... 100% boring.*my rate: 2/10

times are tough for angel town, gangs rule with an iron fist and for reasons mostly unknown (mainly due to embarrassing writing) the gangs want a street kid, martine to join the gangs, so they beat him up everyday. however due to the presence of an olympic kick-boxer (olivier "world's lamest actor" gruner) named jacques, hope is on the way. angel town is seriously one of the most inept message movies ever made (and i've seen my share) it seems to consist of the idea that all gang infested neighborhoods need, are french kick-boxers who can't act. worst of all there are so many awkward moments it's just truly hilarious. best of all comes from the exchange between gruner and aragon which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is. to wit: "you like the fighting? (olivier grabs his asian best friend in a headlock) i could kill him right? when i want him dead he dies! the reason why i don't want him dead is because i'm afraid of him, and i know that if i kill him his son and wife will kill me, that's why he doesn't die!" of course the fact that it's wrong to kill someone, let alone your best friend is of course left out of the equation. odd.however don't let me make this sound that i hated this movie, far from it, it's so terrible it's priceless. the biggest laughs come at the end in the disastrous finale which sees grunner going one on one with gang-members who (the film's biggest logic gap)decline the use of pistols. also a handicapped vietnam vet helps out by shooting his machine gun at the gangs, while gruner kick-boxes the rest. all of this set to the sound of horrible "mexican" accents and surreal energy that make this one memorable for fans of cinematic trash such as this.the other treat about this movie, is that for some reason olivier gruner never attends college despite that's the main reason he's here in the states and not in france getting it on with his girlfriend (in a graveyard in the film's awkward beginning) angel town is without a doubt a failure on all conceivable levels but if you laugh at moronic martial arts movies with insane levels of action that make no sense on any level, this is the perfect movie for you. on the other hand make sure to down tequila, like the laughable opening song details "ain't no mercy in angel town" * out of 4-(bad)

olivier gruner stars as jacques a foreign exchange college student who takes on and single handedly wipes out a mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film which is so horrible that it's laughable. bad acting, bad plot and bad fight choreography make angel town a turkey.

oliver gruner is totally unknown to me. my friend showed me this film because he had seen gruner in, what he called a pretty good sci-fi film, nemesis. so as we watched this, we found ourselves fastforwarding through the bs drama parts just to get to the unbelievable action sequences. gruner loves to kick and kick and kick. and kick! hahagruner character is a graduate student who is forced to stay in a ghetto close to the one that he grew up in. he finds himself watching after the boy who lives with him because he really wants to join in the mexican gang that keeps tormenting his family. instead of joining up, gruner tells the boy to fight back (against a gang? too crazy). gruner plays a typical van damme character who kills everyone (or maims them pretty bad) and works to rid his block of these gangmembers.the plot was very cheesy and easy to think of. gruner is probably not very well known because of his script-choosing if this movie is anything to compare possible choices to. this ghetto is pure hell and i enjoyed seeing the motley crew of characters go through it as if they have a chance against gruner's character. the music was typical action music (thumping pianos and timpani, swelling guitars) which actually wasn't as bad as i make it sound. the director really needed to keep the action going instead of taking a break every 5 minutes for a tense family moment.ultimately, i gave it a 4/10 because it really tried to be an average action film for oliver gruner to star in, but the overall feel of the film leaves you wanting more closure on what you just saw.

my kid makes better videos than this! i feel ripped off of the $4.00 spent renting this thing! there is no date on the video case, apparently designed by wellspring; and, what's even worse, there's no production date for the original film listed anywhere in the movie! the only date given is 2002, leading an unsuspecting renter to believe he's getting a recent film.this movie was so bad from a standpoint of being outdated and irrelevant for any time period but precisely when it was made, that i'm amazed that anyone would take the time and expense to market it as a video. it might be of interest to students studying the counter-culture of the 1960's, the anti-war, anti-establishment, tune-in, turn-on and drop out culture; but when you read the back of the video case, there's no hint that that is what you're getting. if you do make the mistake of renting it though, it is probably best viewed while on drugs, so that your mind will more closely match the wavelength of the minds of the directors, fassbinder and fengler. regardless of your state of mind while watching it, i can tell you that it doesn't get any better after the first scene; so, knowing that, i'm sure you'll be fast asleep long before the end.

i sat through almost one episode of this series and just couldn't take anymore. it felt as though i'd watched dozens of episodes already, and then it hit me.....there's nothing new here! i've heard that joke on seinfeld, i saw someone fall like that on friends, an episode of happy days had almost the same storyline, ect. none of the actors are interesting here either! some were good on other shows (not here), and others are new to a profession they should have never entered. avoid this stinker!

billy chung siu hung's (the bloody swordplay film assassin from 1993) film love to kill (hong kong, 1993) is among the strongest products of the category iii boom that inhabited the hk cinema in early nineties. it consisted of films with strong sex, nudity and violence, more or less gratuitous and shock valued only. love to kill definitely belongs to the "more" category with some unforgettable ideas and pieces of celluloid sickness.the hk psycho anthony wong (from the award winning the untold story by herman yau, from the same year) plays a business man and a husband who likes to torture, humiliate and rape his young wife (elizabeth lee mei fung) who for some reason doesn't leave him and save herself and their little son from the disturbed tormentor. a policeman (danny lee, the famous police character actor from films like dr. lamb (1992) by billy tang (and co-directed by lee) and the killer (1989) by john woo to name just a few) however sees the problem and starts to protect the wife and the son but anthony naturally doesn't like this at all, and leads it all into the typical ultra-mean spirited and graphic finale during a rain storm.the film is almost completely without any serious merits as it's just a piece of exploitation in order to cash in when these kind of films were so popular. the imagery and happenings are something never found in the western cinema, at least in mainstream, and it all becomes even more mind-blowing when some/most taboos for westerners, like violence and perversions witnessed by a child, are broken in these films so often that reading the plotlines alone would make most viewers feel sick, and that goes perfectly especially for this film too.the film still has a rather interesting and creepy soundtrack in the tradition of the mentioned dr. lamb which practically started the whole boom in 1992. usually the music and soundtrack in hk films is interesting and adds to the imagery, especially in these terror films. also the cinematography is worth mentioning as the film bathes, especially in the finale, in blue colors and camera lenses (as does assassin, too), and the raging storm is captured nicely on the camera. otherwise there's nothing that would rate the film any higher other than on the nastiness-meter.the actors and actresses are talented and professional and so don't make the film any worse with their acting. still the film has the usual hk humor in it which makes the sick goings-on even sicker as some "humor" is thrown into the soup. that includes some jokes about danny lee's erection and so on..something that could never be found in the western "serious" films either. and that thing usually destroys mane otherwise noteworthy hk films as the humor is just so obvious way and attempt to entertain the audience and masses.the film has a very high outrageousness level as it has numerous scenes depicting the abuse of wong's wife in various ways. she gets raped and molested, beaten and kicked by her husband. we also get to see some flashbacks from wong's own childhood which turns out to be equally violent as his own father killed too and turned his young son into what he is now. these flashback scenes, mostly at the end of the film, include also some totally unexpected experiences as the imagery is speeded up (for example the hits of an axe) and that creates completely insane and mean spirited atmosphere to the scene. again something that only hk exploitation makers seem to be able to come up with. the ending itself includes plenty of sudden and shocking gore as the madman wields his axe and meets also some nails, for example, on his furious way.the film is also genuinely pretty "suspicious" in my opinion as the violence and terror is realistically painful and deals with things that should never be taken as entertainment, mostly i mean rape. the version i saw (i've seen two versions) includes a very long and completely nauseating rape scene that just tries to be as sadistic as possible. i'm not sure does the hk audience really like imagery like this but i think no one with some sense for morality in films/entertainment would never accept or make something like it. women get brutalized and killed in the most sadistic and low ways so that the fates of the men seem almost tame when compared to the females.the other version i saw, the newly released dvd in hk (without subtitles) has this "table brutality" scene in a much longer form than the subtitled taiwanese dvd which is otherwise identical to the hk version. i've also heard that the old hk laserdisc is different from these two and since the end credits are filled with scenes and images not found in the actual film, it is impossible to say how "uncut" versions these that have been released or shown theatrically are. obviously plenty of footage has been cut out, possibly even before the theatrical release.the film is written by law gam fai and lau wing kin, the former having written also films like dr. lamb, the untold story and gunmen (kirk wong, 1988) but out of his other films that i've seen, love to kill is the most gratuitous. dr. lamb and the untold story both are very brutal and violent but have also some attempt to some criticism towards the authorities and men in general as how it is easy to turn into a beast when chasing or fighting one. the harrowing torture imagery of the untold story, the victim being the criminal, is very strong and definitely has its impact to change something that may be rotten in the society and among the police for example. but there's none of this in love to kill, it is just honest, calculated and fastly made exploitation which is, by the way, produced by a veteran director kirk "organized crime & triad bureau (1993), crime story (1993)" wong!love to kill earns no more than 2/10 from me as i don't have too high appreciation on films like this. (hk) cinema is meant to be and can be more and films like love to kill are only commercial parasites living among the real pieces of the art.

this movie is really wack. there is really nothing nice i can say about it, besides the moral truth expressed in the film's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime. besides all that, the film had nothing: no good shots, no good acting, and no good script. i give this film a f and a 2 out 10.

superhero movies pretty much always suck, and this is no exception. its only redeeming quality is the fact the movie could have been even worse. i would put 'batman & robin' and 'steel' above this movie, so yes it is that bad...if your looking for a black superhero, check out 'blankman' its not a "serious" superhero movie but at least its entertaining.

the movie began well enough. it had a fellow get hit by a glowing green meteorite, getting superpowers (telekinesis, x-ray vision, invulnerability, flight, the ability to speak to dogs, superspeed, heat vision, and the ability to make plants grow large and quickly), and fighting crime. from there on it's all downhill.meteor man gets a costume from his mom, fights with the resident gangs, and has many aborted encounters with the gang leaders which serves to set you up for the disappointing, overlong, and stupefying ending.it wouldn't be so remarkably bad if it weren't like watching a boxing match where the two fighters pretend to hit each other while the audience stands looking onward while the fighters just continue to dance.despite all of this nonsense the movie has good points. it states clearly that if you try to take on a gang alone then they'll come back to your home and hurt you. it states that gangs & communities need to see their real enemies (the big bosses that use them for their own ends to crush honest people into a ghetto existence). it also states that people do not need superheroes if they are willing to work as a community do destroy the predators that harm them. the only message it really lacks is that the voters should ensure their elected officials (rudolph giuliani, marion barry, ronald reagan, george w. bush, & george h.w. bush) aren't crooks too.

let me tell you something about this movie. i have seen it twice. the first time i was a kid and the movie was quite entertaining to me. i really liked it. i thought it was funny and interesting and the main character was kind of cool.i saw it again a few days ago. it was horrible. really. i don't know why i thought it was funny before but now... i didn't laugh at all. there was nothing even slightly entertaining. it was just dumb. the story was weak. the acting was nothing special. there are great actors in this movie but still the acting is mediocre at best.what is the worst is the fact that this movie is racist. really. don't get me wrong, usually i don't complain about racism in movies. however i have seen people complaining about the lack of black men in movies like 'the shaolin temple' or about the fact that the only black man in 'the street fighter' is one of the bad guys or... whatever, you get the point. there are people seeing racism everywhere. i wonder how would they react to a movie like 'the meteor man'. why? i will tell you why. there are no asians in this movie. there are no white people among the good guys. in fact there is only one white guy in the entire movie and he is the leader of the bad guys. all the good guys are african americans. don't get me wrong, i don't care is the good guy is black or white or yellow or pink or green... what i do care about is the fact that we can barely see a white person in this movie. this is the only movie like that that i have ever seen. it is just not realistic. if there is only one black man in a japanese movie which is the case with 'the street fighter' there is no problem - in japan most of the people are asians. but if there is only one white man in an american movie there is some sort of problem - in usa most of the people are white. it is like filming a japanese movie with entirely white cast and only one asian as a bad guy. just not real.that is it. i am giving the movie the rate of 4/10. it would be 1/10 if i hadn't have fun with it as a kid.

well, i'd be lying if i said that this could easily rival spiderman or the batman movies. still, it was more appealing to me for it's moral value. i first bought the vhs when my son was about 2 years old and it immediately became his favorite. my wife and i are avid supporters of robert townsend and have been since he used credit cards to finance his first movie, "hollywood shuffle". true, he needs to take advantage of the talents and knowledge of technical advisors to make the films more believable, but his movies are still fun.meteor man provides a hero with an urban contemporary feel. i always felt that, if there were superheroes, they wouldn't provide the same scenarios as depicted in the comics. meteor man is realistic hero with real problems: car broken into, bad neighborhood, local drug-dealing gangs using children for distribution, etc. the scope of his mission stayed pretty much within the community.what i found to be truly entertaining, outside of james earl jones' "young forever" performance, was how the neighborhood responded to his newly discovered powers. it wasn't long before they had a full agenda lined up for him, without his input, of course. it was hilarious to hear them offer to lend him out to other communities where their extended families lived.yes, the plot was weak, the movie was predictable, there was bad acting and continuity was rotten, but it ranks #1 with my kids. robert townsend works to bring movies "home" so to speak. i doubt he'll ever truly be recognized as the talented actor/producer/director he truly is, but there are and will always be, those that love him for his efforts.one point to ponder about the film, which i find amusing: throughout the entire battle with simon, no one bothered to call the police???? also, what mother and father do you know that will watch their son fight from a window? my mother would have been right there, scrapping by my side, toe-to-toe. dad would be loading his pistol. lolrent it and check it out. it's worth seeing at least once and good for those of you that are fans of sinbad, luther vandross, bill cosby, big daddy kane, etc. great job with the cameos robert!

don't get me wrong - i love david suchet as poirot. i love the series as well as the movies but enough already re: death on the nile. everyone has done this one! we know who dies. we know why they die. we know who the killer is. we know how it was done. so i say enough already! mr. suchet could have used that awesome talent in another one of agatha christie's novels. i will say that the acting by all the actors was superb. the sets were terrific and very realistic. i especially liked david soul but i was surprised at how 'awful' he looked. i hope he doesn't look that way in 'real' life! i honestly can't remember from other movies whether the very end was the same. somehow i don't think so. i thought that was a rather brilliant touch whether or not ms. christie wrote it that way. i would much rather have that ending then wasting away in prison!

as low budget indies go, you will usually find that you get what you pay for, and let me just say, i didn't pay much for "frightworld"...writer / director: david r. williams brings us the story of an abandoned amusement park, besieged by the vengeful spirit of a slain serial killer. not a bad premise, but executed with a bevy of low budget mistakes. the camera work tries to be too cleaver for it's audience, by constantly using shaky quick-cuts to cover the fact that they really have nothing gory or scary to show us. this becomes evident right off the bat, as we are introduced to the would-be killer, and soon realize that the (acting) is the scariest thing happening... after a painfully long title sequence we are brought back to modern times, yet the acting remains the same. "frightworld" does generate some rather unique cinematography when showing scenery from inside the fun-house, but with an extremely long running time, it can't save the film from it's below average indie hell.there is some mediocre nudity, but not much for gore, which is usually the saving grace for these types of movies.fans of really bad b-movies might find something of interest here, otherwise, don't spend a lot of cash.

very bad. very, very bad. as a fellow who aspires to make, be in or - at least - sniff the catering table at a movie set, i find it hard to criticize independents who actually got a movie of any sort made. however, this movie ... oh dear.realizing frightworld doesn't aspire to anything more than crude exploitation (an honorable thing in itself) and to try to make it conform to more mainstream standards is a mistake. and to be fair, it is more entertaining than - say - red zone cuba ... but not by much. so i won't try to critique, just let me ask throw out some observations.1) if gore is the point of the movie, shouldn't you be able to see it?2) if you have hire three sound men make sure at least one knows how to operate the equipment.3) in a horror movie your lead maniac must be scarier than a smurf doll. difficult i know but really...4) there is a lot of talented videographers in the buffalo/rochester area, most you can hire really cheap. get one who knows how to frame a scene.5) just because you have someone who knows how to use after effects and other cool programs doesn't mean he should do so every two seconds.6) kudos for getting the girls to take off their tops but next time, get girls who's tops we want to see taken off.7) editing should help tell the story or set a mood. at the least in this sort of movie editing should sell the gore gags. a chainsaw suddenly appearing in a characters stomach is not scary, it's sloppy.some good things. not all the acting was bad. jack was pretty good and i liked acid once she started fighting back. there was some neat imagery, unfortunately it was thrown up on the screen without rhyme or reason. "acid poptart" is a name that deserves a better movie. i like the moxie of frightworld too. next time, now that they have a movie of sorts under their belts, i hope all involve aspire to something better than colman francis. upgrade at least ed wood.

this was a weird movie. it started out pretty good. a solid sound track behind flash images of gore and mayhem as our psychopath did his thing.next comes his "down fall" here i could tell i was in for a real cheesy "b" movie. poor acting , i mean how hard is it to hold a gun and act like a cop? these guys could not. after the death scene of our psychopath we get the opening credit and the movie starts...from this point on it is bad acting big boobs, the occasional bucket of blood and poorly done death scenes.that said i gave the movie a four because in spite of its flaws it did maintain a sort of creepiness that i just could not quite shake off.i do not recommend this movie but i have to admit i have seem worse.

an italian/american co-production co-starring linda blair and david 'the hoff' hasselhoff: how could any fan of trashy horror resist such a treat?well, based on the uneventful, extremely tedious, and utterly nonsensical first forty minutes or so, i would have said 'very easily'; thankfully, however, things do eventually get a tad more entertaining with the introduction of several inventive death scenes, and for those lucky enough to find an uncut copy, a smattering of nudity too (unfortunately, my copy was optically edited to remove such offensive material).the hoff stars as gary, a photographer who accompanies his beautiful girlfriend leslie (leslie cumming) to a run-down hotel on a seemingly deserted island in order to take pictures for her latest project, a book about witches; whilst there, frustrated gary also hopes to try and cure a bad case of blue balls by relieving leslie of her virginity.his plans for nookie are scuppered, however, by the unexpected arrival of property developers freddie and rose brooks (robert champagne and annie ross), their pregnant daughter jane (blair), son tommy (michael manchester), pretty nymphomaniac architect linda sullivan (catherine hickland), and estate agent jerry (rick farnsworth), who have come to inspect the island's hotel.after explaining their unexpected presence on the island, gary and leslie are welcomed by the property's new owners, and when a violent storm suddenly picks up, making it perilous to return to the mainland, everyone agrees to spend the night in the old building. unfortunately, unbeknownst to the hotel's new guests, the place is also home to the spirit of an evil witch (hildegard knef), who requires human sacrifices in order to bring herself back to life. one by one, victims are pulled into a swirling red vortex (which is guaranteed to provide unintentional laughs), before meeting a terrible fate.none of this makes much sense, and the acting is atrocious (manchester as tommy is particularly bad, whilst hasselhoff proves to be one of the better performers, which speaks volumes about the others), but those viewers who make it past the dreary first half are rewarded with some pretty decent moments of gore: rose has her lips sewn together, before being roasted alive in a fireplace; jerry is crucified and burnt alive; linda is tortured by hags and impaled on a swordfish(!!); freddie's veins pulsate and erupt in geysers of blood; and gary gets stabbed in the back.oh, and leslie is raped by a guy with no lips and blair gets possessed (again).

this movie is so bad it's good -- in an unintentionally funny way. i couldn't stop watching it, i was laughing so much! it's like a parody of a romantic thriller, except it's not a parody. alexandra paul plays emily wendell, an oppressed preacher's wife who falls hard for luke (corey sevier), a hunky and mysterious drifter who we eventually learn was in prison; the only thing sevier is guilty of, though, is bad acting! mind you, he's no worse than the other actors. you get the sense that the actors have *no* idea they're in a really awful film; they're playing it straight. everything about the film is bad: the acting, the script, the love scenes, the pacing, the plot twists, the choice of music. the climactic scenes are just so ludicrous -- first the shootout in the church, then luke's final words to emily -- i was howling with laughter. evidently luke did a lot of weight lifting and ab crunches in prison, and we get to see plenty of his naked torso. that's probably the highlight of the film.

i watched this movie last week sometime and had the biggest laugh i've had in a long while. the plot of the film is pretty dumb and convoluted in a badly crafted way. the only plus to be found anywhere in the film are corey savier's impressive abs. alexandra paul (i think that's her name) is horrendous as the preacher's wife who has a history of depression. ted mckenzie is gross and his character's a twit on top of it all. and as if the fact that you think she's having sex with her son isn't enough, they throw in needless sax solos at every opportunity! the end and climax of this film is absolutely abysmal and also laughable. i mean who the hell wants to carry the child of a con who tried to make you think he was your son and that you were having an incestuous relationship with him!

i am watching this movie right now on wtn because that was the channel that the tv was turned to when i turned it on. it is a not very credible and fairly boring story about a minister's wife (alexandra paul) falling in lust with a young stud/drifter (with washboard abs) played by corey sevier. there may or may not be a plot. corey whips his shirt off a lot and alexandra swoons. i'm getting the feeling he's supposed to be up to no good, and that's why he's messing with skinny alexandra paul. it's not really important because as i said he takes his shirt off a lot and i just caught a glimpse of butt cleavage. there's a lot of sax on the soundtrack, which is just painful.

this film is a pure failure. i am a steve martin fan, but even he can't save the tired idea and swiss cheese script. think "police academy 7" and apply it to a military parody. yuck.i do not feel the other user comments reflected the poor rating this film received (and rightfully deserved!). it is extremely misleading. i have often seen this film marked down to $3.00 in the grocery store and now i certainly know why.if only i could get my 90 minutes back...

when i say " doctor who " you might conjure up an image of tom baker , or jon pertwee or maybe peter davison . when i say " james bond " you`ll almost certainly conjure up an image of sean connery while a small handful of people may think of roger moore or pierce brosnan . but when i say " sgt bilko " absolutely everyone will think of phil silvers . unlike doctor who or james bond the role belongs exclusively to one actor . and that`s the problem with this film version you`ll continually wish you were watching the old black and white show . in fact the whole idea of making a film version of bilko without silvers in the title role comes close to sacrilage

even steve martin and dan aykroyd couldn't save this movie from laying an emu-sized egg. based on the classic phil silvers tv series, it bombed because: a) it was updated to the 1990s, and b) the simple premise of the tv series was turned into a confusing, feeble and silly screenplay.the original tv series used a small cast of talented actors to portray lovable characters acting out simple yet hilarious pranks. to expand this premise into a 1990s movie was asking for trouble, and it shows. no one could pay me enough to sit through this stinker a second time.

this was a disappointing movie. considering the material---army life is always good for a laugh---and the stars, this movie should have been a fall down laughfest. it was worth a couple of chuckles, at best. steve martin has been much funnier than this and it appears that dan ackroyd should stick to dramatic roles, where he might follow robin williams' lead and someday win an oscar.

steve martin should quit trying to do remakes of classic comedy. he absolutely does not fit this part. like the woeful remake of the out of towners, this movie falls flat on it's face. how anybody ever thought steve martin could even come close to jack lemmon's wonderful performance is beyond me and the same is true for this movie. dan ackroyd could have played the bilko part better. martin is great when doing his own original characters but fails miserably trying to recreate other people's classic work. it's a sad statement when the funniest part of a movie is contained in the first line of the credits when the movie is over. the line "the producers gratefully acknowledge the total lack of cooperation by the united states army" was just about the only line that actually made me laugh. if you want to see the real bilko, get hold of the original episodes of the phil silvers show. those are guaranteed to make you laugh, unlike this mistake that should never have happened. i put this movie in the same category as the aforementioned lemmon classic and the remake of psycho. none of them should ever have happened.

i know i've already added a comment but i just wanted to clarify something...i'm not some old fogey from the baby boom generation that grew up glued to a flickering b/w picture of phil silvers, jackie gleason etc.bilko was already 20 years old before i was born but i had the pleasure of discovering phil silver's bilko courtesy of bbc2. i wonder if i would have enjoyed steve martin's travesty if i hadn't seen or heard of phil silvers - i don't know - maybe i would have.some of the other reviewers who think this movie is worthy of a '10' admit that they haven't seen the original. i can only urge you to spend 21 minutes of your life watching a single episode. if after watching the original ernie, colonel hall, ritzig & emma, duane doberman, henshaw, dino, flashman, zimmerman, mullin et al you still think that steve martin's film is woth anything above a '2' - i'll stand you a pint....

for 50 years after world war 2 the united states was in a state where key segments of the economy were dominated by military interests. at the same time, because of the draft and wars, everyone in society had served, or was connected to someone who had.this allowed for a minigenre based on the notion of american cleverness in the midst of an inflexible military machine. sometimes that machine was non-us military, for example in prisoner of war situations. once removed are stories in other machines: science fiction and corporate, but they always reference this military genre, and indeed the testosterone shots of action even reference their comic sibling.you can trace it, i think, perhaps starting in the comic, meaning amrican, sections of "the great escape," which immediately spawned teevee offspring in "gomer pyle" and "hogan's heros." then a second wave triggered by "catch 22" and "mash," both of which had been real life, then books, then movies, and in the mash case, then teevee.but before all that, there was the "phil silvers show," about a sergeant bilko and this followed from "mister roberts." a happy con man, who only committed harmless crimes, and then only as response to an overly crude system which attempted to limit his life. this was in the day when teevee shows mattered. you absorbed them instead of merely carrying them to work to chatter about. it wasn't particularly clever in any way, except in finding that crack between what we wanted in control and freedom. its one large zone where americans worked out how they think about forgivable, even endearing lies in a military context, a zone that has been appropriated by one of our political parties here.because its big, it sometimes pays off in laughs. "stripes" was pretty darn funny i thought. it had the twist of the misfits actually defeating serious foes, sort of folding in some "dirty dozen." and sexual adventure.now this, well before the cultural wars escalated. it tries to touch that sweet spot, like other remakes that manhandled steve martin. it is so unfunny, you actually root for the army to be the stronger player. yet another way to track how societies work out the handles on military power.ted's evaluation -- 1 of 3: you can find something better to do with this part of your life.

this may or may not be the worst movie that steve martin has ever made, but it certainly was far from his best. obviously, he did this crap for the pay check. dreck like this certainly does nothing to enhance his reputation as a funny man. what he doesn't seem to grasp is that when people go to see a steve martin movie, they expect to be entertained, not bored to tears. it's sad that he dragged dan aykroyd and phil hartman down with him. i don't understand why talented people can't get a grip on the fact that people don't want to see them in lousy movies. if you're going to call a movie a comedy, then it should be funny. this wasn't. shame on the us military for allowing itself to be associated with this pabulum, too. full metal jacket had more laughs than this miserable excuse for a "service comedy." surely, phil silvers is rolling over in his grave.

maybe i'm really getting old, but this one just missed me and the old funny bone completely. surely there must be something powerful wrong with this irishman (that's me, schultz!). lordy, lordy what i would give to see the light! firstly, that phil silvers manic energy, wit and drive was very much a part of the comedic upbringing and overall education in life, if you will. although it is possible that the series, first titled: "you'll never get rich" (1955-59*) could have gotten on the cbs tv network with someone else in the title role of sgt. bilko, it is very hard to picture any other actor/comedian in the business wearing those master sergeant's stripes.such a strong identification is inescapable, though not the same sort of career-wrecking typecasting of a nightmare that it proved to be to some other guys, like clayton more("the lone ranger"), george reeves ("the adventures of superman") and charles nelson riley ("uncle croc's block").one major stumbling block to successfully adapting and updating such a work from the 1950's tv screen to the 1990's movie-going public is our collective memory. without being sure about what percentage of the crowd remembered the bilko character from seeing the original run and early syndication revivals, and their numbers were surely considerable; even a large segment of the young had seen bilko reruns in recent times. it was obvious that the new film and the source were miles; or even light years apart.so as not to be thought of as a totally square, old grouch please let's consider some other points.right here today, the 14th day of november in the year of our lord 2007, let me swear and affirm under oath that i have been a steve martin fan for nearly 30 years, furthermore, i've enjoyed the wit and talents of bilko '96 co-stars dan akroyd and the late phil hartman. after all, it was the talents of guys like this and so many others, alumni of "nbc;s saturday night" and "second city tv" that kept the last quarter of the 20th century laughing. but a bilko re-make; it just didn't click.perhaps if the film had been made as a service comedy (always liked 'em!) but without the bilko show names and gave it some identity of it self it would be more highly regarded by crabby, old guys like me.so, we've already had so many sitcom and cartoon series turned into movies lately, what's next? howse about somebody doing hal roach's world war ii army comedy series of sergeants doubleday & ames and tv's 1st cartoon series "crusader rabbit"? remember where you heard it first! poodle schnitz!

ok i'm not an american, but in my humble scottish opinion steve martin is not, never has been, and never will be a funny man as long as our posteriors point in a southerly direction. phil silvers as sergeant bilko was a funny man, no doubt due to the skilled writers and directors and all the other talented team working characters in the series who contributed perfectly to one of the funniest and dateless situation comedies america has ever produced. how anyone could have the audacity to even attempt to replicate the phil silvers character is beyond me. to compound things the exercise was repeated in martin's unfunny attempt to be peter seller's inspector clouseau, another abortive attempt, in my opinion, to rekindle a demonstrably unfunny career. some of your contributers say 'steve martin puts his own stamp on the character', to that i would say 'balderdash' , his portrayals will be long forgotten when those of silvers and sellars will be treasured for generations to come

director jonathan lynn has made some underrated comedies in the past, like 'greedy' and 'clue'. this isn't one of them. more akin to a 'police academy' film than its inspiration, it stars steve martin in the old phil silvers role as an army sergeant forever pulling scams under the nose of his superiors. but the idyllic life of bilko and his lazy platoon looks shaky when an old enemy visits the base determined to catch bilko in the act. nothing much happens, really. it's all quite dull. it's not very funny. martin, dan aykroyd and phil hartman squeeze a couple of laughs out through sheer effort, but they're all better than this and it's quite painful watching them work with such thin material.

i am sorry to fans of this film but it is the worst thing i have ever seen. slow,badly cast and badly acted it is a film trying to escape the deadbeat romcoms of the recent years and failing! mcdonald and parker seem unable to convey real emotion and are lifeless. they seem to be in this one for any pay checks they are getting for it and not because they thought it was a good idea. the plot is dull!! i love great chick films as much as the next girl and this is not one!! if you avoid one film this year....let it be

i absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? ok my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure i'm well out of the room before it comes on. its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. what happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? i mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? i wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.

i feel like i've just watched a snuff film....a beautifully acted, taut, engrossing and horrible thing! a two hour litany of perversion in the most basic and all inclusive sense of the word, sexual violence and torture, rape, decapitation, incest, corruption, live burial, and abuse, abuse, abuse. no redemption whatsoever. and i was entertained. i couldn't stop watching. what does this say about me, about the people who make and act in this sort of thing, and a world that has become so desensitized that eventually real snuff films will be the norm. and i'm neither puritanical nor humorless, i don't try to hide from the existence of darkness, and i definitely have not led a sheltered life, but i am ashamed of myself. and i'm sorry to see my british cousins dragging the subject-matter sewers the way my own tribe does. it doesn't have to be cozy, but does it have to wallow in vicarious sadism?

no spoilers here but i have been a fan since waking the dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. the stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. i found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. as a bbc licence payer, after the show i rang bbc complaints to pass on my disappointment. i'm amazed that actors of the calibre of trevor eve and sue johnstone didn't object to the story lines. these actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. it's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of father christmas!paul bentley, west yorkshire, england.

seeing as i hate reading long essays hoping to find a point and being disappointed, i will first tell everyone that this movie was terrible. downright terrible. and not, surprisingly for the reasons mentioned in the first review. i thought i might agree with him, seeing as he gave the movie the rank it deserved, but was sorrowfully rebuked upon reading what he said. i am quite ashamed to be taking the same side as someone who commented that the movie "definitely lacks good-looking females." let me be the first to say, "wow! that was definitely some serious in-depth reviewing there. my mind can hardly comprehend the philosophical musings about this movie." seriously though, a lack of "good-looking females" shouldn't be considered an essential to a movie. if you're desperate enough for "good-looking females" you should really watch other types of movies, not necessarily falling into the sci-fi category.

as seems to be the general gist of these comments, the film has some stunning animation (i watched it on blu-ray) but it really falls short of any real depth.firstly the characters are all pretty dull. i got a hint of a kind of laputa situation between agito, toola and the main antagonist shunack. however maybe my mind wanderd and this was wishful thinking (laputa being my favourite animé, original engilsh dub). the characters are not really lovable either and as mentioned in another post they fall in love exceptionally quickly, leaving poor old minka jealous and rejected (she loves agito, who seems oblivious of this). however she promptly seems to forgive toola at the end with no explanation for the change of heart other than it makes the ending a little bit more "happy". there is also a serious lack of explanation. like who are the druids really? are they people? and who are the weird women/girls who seem to hang out with them and run the forest? there is nothing explaining why they are there and how they can give regular humans superpowers. the plants coming from the moon still does not fill in the blanks about this. it is almost like a weird version of the day of the triffids.and who does call toola? why bother with this if it wont be explained?i really wanted to like this film but i found the plot no where near as deep as a film like ghost in the shell or having any real character like those of miyazaki. i do not resent watching it but i do sort of wish i hadn't bought it. my advice? give it a go if you have a couple of hours to spare, but borrow it, or buy it cheap! perhaps if your new to animé films and don't have much to go by you will enjoy it. it certainly is visually pleasing.

as many agree, origin is a beautiful anime artistically. the music, graphics, and the world created are gorgeous and it really stands above most other modern animated works. however, if you are looking for more than this, than i suggest looking else where. the beauty stops short of its appearance, and when it really comes down to plot and characters, there's nothing special. action is slow and minimal and the people are flat, corny at times, and do not act realistically. not to mention the plot hole here and the plot hole there... so, in summary, oh my goodness, i've never seen an anime as beautiful as this one; and oh my goodness, it's like... -poke- people don't act like that. it took a giant step forward in graphics and music in anime, but it also took a few step backs to times of bad characterization, and unfortunately, there's not even that much action to make up for that...

this was a rip-off of the same garbage we had to watch bob saget host during the half-hour before this. dave coulier only thought he was funny and it was pretty much the same show as america's funniest home videos except with a hosts who have a combined iq of three. tawny kitaen must've really needed the money and coulier had to go to the recycle bin for his jokes. it was torture enough having to see him imitate popeye and other washed up cartoon starts on full house. that one dude who played all of the practical jokes on everyone deserves to be on the receiving end of a grade a wedgie. coulier must've needed to money to please alannis morisette while they were dating.

i remember that show. i still remember that kick ass fun song "america's funniest people." frankly it should've been titled american's lame or unfunny or downright disgusting people. dave couldn't save this show and neither could bob saget or the replacement hosts for afv that came later. the jackalope segments were hilarious and yes dave could make some good voice overs that were better than bob's. but this show went to hell because of the lame crappy videos people submitted. also it developed as somewhat of a variety show with lame guest stars including the olson twins. plus afv was in it's prime before they started picking the drooling ugly as sin babies as the winner. did i mentioned the videos were disgusting and lame? but still the theme song rocks!

a woman (sylvia kristel) seduces a 15 year old boy (eric brown). they have sex...but it's all tied into some stupid plot or something.easily one of the most disturbing sex comedies ever. does anyone realize this movie is making light of child molestation? i suppose it's ok cause it's a teenage boy--if we had one with a man seducing a teenage girl there would (rightfully) be outrage. sorry, but having it done to a boy doesn't excuse it. it's still sick. i realize brown was of age (he was actually 18 when this was made) but he looks 15. i just find it disturbing that some people find this ok.plot aside the acting sucks (kristel is beautiful--but can't act; brown is easily one of the worst child actors i've ever seen) and the constant nudity gets boring and isn't even remotely erotic.i saw this drivel at a theatre back in 1981. i was 19 and with my 14 year old cousin (who could easily pass for 18). he wanted to see it--i didn't but i decided what the heck? we got in and i actually bought tickets for three teenage boys who were obviously underage. my cousin thought is was boring and the three other kids left halfway through! let me make this clear--three teenage boys left a movie with tons of female nudity! that should give you an idea of how bad this is. i'm surprised this was ever released. a 1 all the way.

a previous reviewer said the movie is not all that bad. what?!?!?! the movie glorifies child molestation. oh, but sylvia kristel was naked in it, so let's give it 5 out of 10 stars. why not a full 10? because the filmography was "agonizing," the child's looks of shock were "unrealistic," and the fat friend was "irritating." nowhere in the review does the reviewer express any outrage that an american movie in 1981 featured scenes of a child having sex with a grown woman. i happened to catch this steaming loaf of a movie while staying at a hotel that had showtime. to me, even if the fat friend had acted up a storm and was a deserving of an oscar, i would still have to give the movie only 1 star. that tv's howard hessman starred in the movie at the same time as he was appearing in wkrp is particularly ridiculous. but don't take my word for it!

when the folks at kino video assembled their fine "slapstick encyclopedia" collection, a multi-cassette selection of silent comedies, someone decided to kick off the first installment with one too many (1916), an obscure one-reel farce made in florida starring the very young oliver hardy. as enjoyable as the set is over all, this decision was an unfortunate one, for one too many is a very poor film which almost discourages the viewer from watching further. like any typical farce, this one involves deception inspired by greed, panic when plans go awry, and complications escalating to the point of absurdity, but unlike the good ones, one too many is incoherent, unfunny, and downright annoying. it's hard to tell at this point whether the hopelessly confusing plot is the result of missing footage or inept film-making, but whatever the cause, by the halfway point even the most alert viewer has no idea what the character relationships are or what is happening, and by the end one no longer cares.the only point of interest here is seeing the 24 year-old "babe" hardy, who appears considerably heavier than he would a decade later when he teamed with stan laurel, but who is nonetheless full of youthful energy. in the opening scene, awakening with a hangover, babe performs a highly athletic backward roll off a bed. trust me, that's as funny as this movie gets. if you read this before seeing the first cassette of kino's "slapstick encyclopedia" i suggest you fast-forward past this one and skip to the good stuff.

a sentimental school drama set in denmark, 1969, "we shall overcome" offers a pathetic danish take on us culture. frits (janus dissing rathke), a flower-power obsessed, naive 13-year-old, exits with half his ear hanging off from brutal master lindum-svendsen's (bent mejding) office. lindum-svendsen, a school director, portrayed as a fascistoid tyrant, has the local community in control. lindum-svendsen's gone too far this time, and with his father, recovering from a mental breakdown (sure, there wasn't enough drama already..), and overly stereotyped hippie music teacher mr svale ('hi, call me freddie'), frits stands up for justice.tell you what. it's so unconvincing, over-(method-)acted, and so full of misery, that as a 'family' picture this grotesque -filled with cliché's- excuse for a movie fails miserably to convince non-scandinavian audiences. sorry, kind danish readers, to crash like this into your sentimental journeys.. but it's definitely not a tale about a 'boy becoming a man by fighting the system'. the boy never becomes a man, but rather remains a naive, big eyed cry-face. if you call a church of small minded small town folk, led by a dictator like cartoonish character "the system", i'm sorry if i'm missing something.if you're into family pictures, go see happy feet instead..

here was no effort put into valentine to prevent it from being just another teenage slasher film, a sub-genre of horror films of which we have seen entirely too many over the last decade or so. i've heard a lot of people complaining that the film rips off several previous horror movies, including everything from halloween to prom night to carrie, and as much as i hate to be redundant, the rip off is so blatant that it is impossible not to say anything. the punch bowl over poor jeremy's head early in the film is so obviously taken from carrie that they may as well have just said it right in the movie (`hey everyone, this is the director, and the following is my carrie-rip-off scene. enjoy!'). but that's just a suggestion.(spoilers) the film is structured piece by piece exactly the same way that every other goofy teen thriller is structured. we get to know some girl briefly at the beginning, she gets killed, people wonder in the old oh-but-that-stuff-only-happens-to-other-people tone, and then they start to get killed. the problem here is that the director and the writers clearly and honestly want to keep the film mysterious and suspenseful, but they have no idea how to do it. take jason, for example. here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check on a date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after the brief history lesson about how bad poor jeremy was treated, he is assumed to carry some significance. besides that, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in sixth grade, and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all of those vicious valentine's day cards. it is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters that appear to be prime suspects, and jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not such a good example of a successful effort. sure, i thought for a while that he might very well be the killer, but that's not the point. we know from early on that he is terrible with women, which links him to the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiles flirtatiously at two of the main girls, and then gives them a hateful look and walks away, disappearing from the party and from the movie with no explanation. we already know he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought out that they just took him out altogether when they were done with him.on the positive side, the killer's true identity was, in fact, made difficult to predict in at least one subtle way which was also, unfortunately, yet another rip-off. early in the film, when shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, he makes no sound, suggesting that the killer might be a female staying silent to prevent revealing herself as a female, rather than a male as everyone suspects. but then for the rest of the film, we just have this stolid, relentless, unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that gigantic butcher knife. director jamie blanks (who, with all due respect, looks like he had some trouble with the girls himself in the sixth grade) mentions being influenced by halloween. this is, of course, completely unnecessary, because it's so obvious from how badly he plagiarizes the film. the only difference between the killer in valentine and michael meyer's is that michael's mask was so much more effective and he didn't have a problem with nosebleeds. this stuff is shameless. at the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us one more time as to who the killer is (complete with slow and drawn out `and-the-killer-is' mask removal), but then we see adam's nose start to bleed as he holds kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know that he's been the killer all along. nothing in the film hinted that he might be the killer until the final act, and these unexplained nosebleeds were not exactly the cleverest way to identify the true killer at the end of the film. valentine is not scary (i watched it in an empty house by myself after midnight, and i have been afraid of the dark for as long as i can remember, and even i wasn't scared), and the characters might be possible to care about if it weren't so obvious that they were just going to die. i remember being impressed by the theatrical previews (although the film was in and out of the theater's faster than battlefield earth), but the end result is the same old thing.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** are all teen slasher flicks suffering from a drought of originality? it awfully seems so. first of all, this is a noble premise that could've been utilized well. a rejected young nerd who grows up, stalks and murders all the girls who tortured the hell out of him when he was in junior high? can't say you had nothing to work with. but this film goes through the same motions as all the other recent slashers. everything from the score to the camera angles allow us to predict exactly when a false alarm is coming and exactly when the killer will strike. we know the pattern by now. these stupid slasher movies push the credibility envelope more and more by the minute. let me ask you something: who, in their right mind, is going to surprise a friend of theirs in a dark, dreary morgue in the middle of the night and just surprise her out of the blue while she's all alone and surrounded by corpses? does that make any damn sense at all?"valentine" is only occasionally innovative. one good shot involves the butchering of denise richards' character. she gets trapped inside a pool and the killer pokes at her with a chainsaw. there's some good songs in the soundtrack, including one cool track by orgy. the music video is contained in the special features section on the dvd.even the acting is mediocre at best. the actors all sleep through their roles. of course, david boreanaz is often stoic, even in his portrayal as the title character on "angel." denise richards is a fine actress, though, and she keeps a stoneface throughout the movie."valentine" is just like you'd expect: pretentious, implausible, forgettable, cheesy and without a good scare in sight. don't even bother.my score: 4 (out of 10)

this movie was rented by a friend. her choice is normally good. i read the cover first and was expecting a good movie. although itwas a horror movie. which i don't prefer. but no horror came to mind while watching the movie. it was a dull,not very entertaining movie. the appearance of denise richardswas again a pleasure for the eye. but that's it. we (the four of us)we're a little bit disappointed. but feel free to see this movie andjudge it yourself.

valentine is a horrible movie. this is what i thought of it:acting: very bad. katherine heigl can not act. the other's weren't much better.story: the story was okay, but it could have been more developed. this movie had the potential to be a great movie, but it failed.music: yes, some of the music was pretty cool.originality: not very original. the name `paige prescott' recognize prescott?bottom line: don't see valentine. it's a really stupid movie.1/10

this stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre. a masked killer stalks young, pert girls and slaughters them in a variety of gruesome ways, none of which are particularly inventive.it's not scary, it's not clever, and it's not funny. so what was the point of it?

firstly, there are some good things about this film, but it's all cliche slasher stuff combined with a teen movie. in the advertising of this movie, that i've seen, a large emphasis was on the fact that denise richards is in it, but she's a poor actress, and not as good looking as people try to make her out to be (not that that has anything to do with the movie). and what's with that look she gives everyone? perhaps it's part of the character, but like i said, the acting... still, the writing is fine. you know who it is all throughout the movie, and you can almost predict what is about to happen, but not in an irritating way. i think the book it's based on is probably good, judging by the plot line, but next time i'll read the book to find out rather than watch this.

in an attempt to bring back the teen slasher genre that was taken away by spoofs like scary movie and shriek if you know what i did last friday the 13th, valentine fails. why did people like halloween? because it was original, new and went beyond anything that's ever been done. why did they like scream? because at least it made sense. valentine is just a stupid slasher-flick that has hardly any gore what so-ever. the plot is so similar to halloween and urban legend it's not funny. and the moment the killer comes on screen, you know who it is, it's just sssssssssssooooooooooooo predictable. the teen slasher genre is dead get over it!0 out of 10

there is no way to describe how really, really, really bad this movie is. it's a shame that i actually sat through this movie, this very tiresome and predictable movie. what's wrong with it? acting: there is not one performance that is even remotely close to even being sub-par (atleast they are all very pretty). soundtrack (songs): "if we get orgy on the soundtrack then everyone will know that they are watching a horror film!"; soundtrack (score): okay, but anyone with a keyboard can make an okay soundtrack these days. don't even get me started on the "what the hell?" moments, here are a few: killer can move at the speed of light--door opens actress turns, no one is there, turns back, there is something sitting in front of her.; out of now where the killer shows up with a power drill, a really big one! the filmmakers get points for at least plugging it in, but can i really believe that the killer took the time to find the power outlet to plug it in. i feel like one of the guards at the beginning of holy grail and want to say "where'd you get the power drill?". i could go on and on about how bad this film is but i only have 1000 words. i will give this 2 out of ten stars. one star for making me laugh and another star for all the cleavage. seriously, do not waste your time with this one.

there are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad valentine that i don't know where to begin. i will say this though; here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school. you know, the ones with batman exclaiming "you're a super crime-fighting valentine!"valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony, one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of scream. the villain is omniscient and nigh-invulnerable. the heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders screaming "heyijustleftmycoatbehind!" the score is more overbearing than norman bates' mother.the flimsy plot follows several childhood friends, now grown up and extremely curvaceous. since the film gives them nothing else to do, they stand around and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one. this stalker appears to be former nerd jeremy melton, who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school. with valentine's day approaching, the women begin receiving scary cards foretelling their doom. melton seems like the obvious suspect. only problem is, as numerous characters warns, in thirteen years melton could have changed his appearance to look buff and handsome. so (insert terrified gasp here) everyone is a suspect!here's problem one. in order to have any sense of suspense while watching valentine, you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd is capable of becoming david boreanaz. nerds don't turn into angel when they grown up, they turn into older, balder nerds. he's not a terrible actor, but the script, by no less than four writers, gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do but scream and make out. denise richards (the bustiest actress in hollywood never to star in baywatch) is especially exploited; most shamefully in the blatant excuse to get her in a bathing suit just before a crucial suspense scene. note to self: always bring a bathing suit to a valentine's day party. just because it's february doesn't mean you might not feel like taking a little dip.the slasher in valentine dresses in head-to-toe black with a cherub's mask. here's problem number two. the filmmakers clearly thought this would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who's whacking people in the face with hot irons. plain and simple, it's not. instead, it just made me wonder how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face, including his eyes and ears, can move so stealthily without bumping his shins on chairs or tables. then again, given the things the cupid killer does, maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands. not only is the movie bad, it isn't even sure who the killer is; the final "twist" is more "huh?" than "hah!" when you're not scratching your head you're yawning, then groaning, then searching for the nearest exit. do not watch this movie. even if you're alone on valentine's day, find something, anything, else to do. you'll be glad you did.

there's one line that makes it worth to rent for angel fans. everyone else: this is just a very bad horror flick. the female characters are typical horror movies females. they are wooden, annoying and dumb. you are glad when they are killed off. long live the strong female character in a horror movie!!

i watched the malayalam movie "boeing boeing" made in 1985 (which in turn is probably inspired by an english movie of same name) long back. the basic story of garam masala is the same - but it is told in a pathetic way, the classy jokes replaced by routine ones which are found in normal hindi movies (probably the director did this to suit the taste of hindi audience)... i haven't seen the english original. but had really enjoyed the malayalam film (made by priyadarshan himself)which was a side splitting comedy, back then. of course the acting by mohanlal,mukesh and sukumari (who did the cook's role) was so natural and spontaneous.probably, i am too smitten by the malayalam film that i cannot tolerate even the smaller flaws in its hindi remake. but i still feel that akshay kumar and john abraham have overacted. paresh rawal has done a decent job - but doesn't reach anywhere near sukumari.but all in all its ok, if one compares it to other recent hindi comedy movies.

the first half hour of the movie had a steady pace and introduced the characters. however all of a sudden everything was happening too quick, a lame reason for akshey kumar to date 3 girls, very loud over acting by both akshey and john abraham. neha dupia was the highlight of the movie, paresh rawal did well but not as good as his performance in hera pheri. overall this movie was the biggest disappointment the film does no justice to its trailer. save your money and don't watch this movie, watch hera pheri and hungama again!summarising it: a cheap stage show performance and appearance to the film no story or substance, the plot was extraordinarily non-sense good music by preetam the man who bought us dhoom! keep it up! movie shot all in one room, new comers (female cast) were okay as it was their first film but established actors like akshey and john totally disappointed an established director like priyadarshan gives his worst movie ever!

probably the worst bollywood film i've seen.no plot line. very little character developments.full of silly and pointless humor. the whole film was chaotic and direction-less. there was no proper ending to the story. the airport was filmed in a shopping mall. same story chewed over and over again until you want to say "please, just move on with it!!" even the song and dance was pointless and badly choreographed.the only good thing about this movie is that there were hot bods all around... but then most of the bollywood movies have that anyways these days.btw i'm not from an indian background2/10

i saw this dvd in my friends house and thought that this was a turkish action movie with some hollywood-not very big-names in it. interested enough i decide to give it a shot later.. it was a tough to bear experience believe me. then, after finally seeing the credits roll i tought 'we turks really suck at hollywood style film making.. this is an insult to the heist|hostage movie genre..' but then wait! i checked some names and no, they were not turkish names and no, this was not a turkish movie; on the contrary it was literally shot in america with an american director & crew! that made me thinking-again!- how on earth can you persuade names like micheal madsen, edward furlong or even arnold vosloo to take part in such a project? with money probably.. that kept me thinking further.. how can you raise such amount of money to offer them and a supposedly international cast? then all my meditation paid off and i came to find the answer.by hiring the cheapest equipment and crew that you can find. and if you still have to difficulty in adjustin your budget then: by writing and directing the movie you are trying to produce-or vice versa i don't have any information on that-. so bottom line this is not a bad movie as everybody are so anxious to present as.. it makes you think -in my case even meditate- and there are a lot of movies outthere that doesn't give even that affect.. this one at least makes you think; it makes you wonder.. it leaves you with disbelief.. and then it makes you wonder again..

i rented this one on dvd without any prior knowledge. i was suspicious seeing michael madsen appearing in a movie i have never heard of, but it was a freebie, so why not check it out.well my guess is that mr. blonde would very much like to forget he's ever taken part in such a shame of a film.apparently, if your script and dialogs are terrible, even good actors cannot save the day. not to mention the amateur actors that flood this film. too many non-native-english-speakers play parts of native-english-speakers, reading out lines from a script that should have been thrown away and not having been made into a movie. it's unbelievable how unbelievable all the lines in the movie sound. the music is awful and totally out of place, and the whole thing looks and sounds like a poor school play.i recommend you watch it just so you would appreciate other, better, movies. this is why i gave it a 3 instead of the 1 it deserves.

i liked how this started out, featuring some decent special-effects especially for a film 50 years old. there was some pretty impressive scenery. however, the film bogs down fairly early on with some very dumb dialog as the males all try to flirt with anne francis "altaira morbius.")viewing this in the '90s after a long absence, it was fun to see francis again, an actress who has done mostly television shows since this film was released....and is still acting. it also was interesting to see a young-looking leslie nielsen ("dr. john j. adams"), who i wouldn't have recognized had it not been for this voice i watched half of this movie before the boredom came almost overwhelming and i had a strong desire to go to sleep. i appreciated them re-doing this vhs tape in stereo. but it was a weak effort. this is one those overrated film where "elites" think is so "heavy" and "thought-provoking." that's nonsense. it only appeared "intelligent" because the rest of the '50s sci-fi films were so stupid!!some if the early scenes would have looked great on wideescreen, which i didn't have at the time of this writing. perhaps another look - this time on the 2.35:1 widescreen transfer would make me change this review.

i wouldn't rent this one even on dollar rental night.

what was the purpose of this film? i suggest it was to make a handful of actors and their producers and director a big payday for doing nothing. even my favorite actor, bruce dern, couldn't keep my interest in this boring movie. a braindead ex-pugilist falls in with a weird woman and her relatives. he starts out as a fix-it man for the woman, and winds up beating a man and getting caught up in a kidnapping scheme. it was so confusing i can't even write a decent critique. if you see this one, my sweet, make sure it is after dark so you can go right to sleep.

a dreary, hopelessly predictable film set in a most unpleasant setting (lower coachella valley). acting is as amateurish as any i've seen. looks like a screenwriting 101 script. however, it does function as a great sedative.

this had high intellectual pretensions.the main lead intends to give a "deep" "meaningful" rendering(with voice over for his frames of mind naturally) and he was certainly influenced by the fifties/sixties "method " -which,when the script and the direction were worthwhile did give stunning results (see clift,newman,winters).but here the story is abysmal.besides it moves too slow,you could edit at least 20 minutes -including pointless flashbacks-and the plot line would not be changed .at times ,it's very doubtful that bruce dern believes in his "uncle "character and his portraying often verges on parody.an interesting side is only skimmed over:the relationship young boy/hero -if we admit that the hero is himself some kind of child- when he says to the young kid that he would let nobody do harm to him,some welcome tenderness emerges.but it's botched and only the final scene returns to it.word to the wise:take foley's "at close range" instead:it has two great actors (christopher walken and sean penn together!),it's also an offbeat movie ,but it's gripping,suspenseful.here my hitchcockometer points sullenly towards zero throughout.

a film so insecure the creaters perhaps hoped to milk an original film noir classic title, "farewell my lovely", thinking the gullible would assume it a remake. the characters are so foul and unappealing that it deserved its cold reception when first released. time only adds to it its absurdity. having none of the guile, cinematography, desperation or despair of classic noir it relied instead on a convoluted and senseless crime plot that would have easily resulted in several arrests within hours. as if that weren't enough it threw in an utterly sexless attempt at erotica in which at least one of the participants hadn't bothered to bathe in several days. this only made this mess all the more painful to watch. find a good classic forties or fifties film noir instead of wasting two hours on this failure.

i read some gushing reviews here on imdb and thought i would give this movie a look. disappointed. on the plus side the male leads are good, and some interesting photography but as a whole this movie fails to convince. seems to be full of its' own self indulgent importance in trying to say something meaningful but falls way short and all in all the picture is an unconvincing mess.it is one of those films classified as a film noir which can be defined as follows:"a film noir is marked by a mood of pessimism, fatalism, menace and cynical characters".well that is the story here: 3 losers stumble upon each other with their collective problems that include mental illness, alcoholism, laziness, indebtedness etc and together they conspire to kidnap a child and outwit each other.would have been a much better movie if the story was confined more to the kidnap instead of the character failings of the kidnappers. i thought the female lead was way out of her depth and came across as an amateur actress.whilst some good moments, i finished up feeling i had wasted my time.4/10.

i dunno what the hype around this is... this is really a bad movie...it did nothing to me, the only descent scene is where everyone comes together at the party, and a nice song is playing, uplifting beat and nice cinematic shots that make you move....that was the best part of the movie... otherwise this film lacks everything to suck the viewer in there's no story, there's nothing to think about like some people say, there's no cohesion between the different stories...it was more of an attempt to re-do anderson's 'magnolia' which was brilliant, but it fails blatantly... okay it's light and easy to watch, but that are movieclips too. maybe first write a story before you make a movie... 4/10 one of the worst belgian movies i've seen

how is it possible that no journalist or critic reminded us of the resemblance with that other better flemish movie "congo express (1986)"? there are also some characters in congo express put together without having really a relation to each other: jean, (de congolees), the workman, the two taxi-drivers, the street-singer, roger, guy, lucienne and gilbert. of course, tom barman is a star and luc gubbels wasn't. that should not be a reason to pardon the flaws in the script (if there is a script) of anyway the wind blows. the joke (the only one!) at the party about the ice in the refrigerator is taken from that great flemish movie "de witte (1934)" where de witte is putting too much salt on the potatoes. some accidents happen in the movie but there comes no explanation after. tom barman delivers us here a movie that is more like an experiment to watch at the television than a movie for the theatres. another missed chance for flemish cinema.

this whirling movie looks more like a combination of music-clips at mtv than as a real movie. there is no real story and as the movie goes on you ask yourself: "what is going to happen?"; but nothing happens. the story around eric cloeck, the frustrated writer, is the only good thing. the other persons seem to have nothing in common: then why bring them together in a movie. with music you can make watchable the worst movie. when i open the tap and there comes water out with the music of bach then most people will like to look at it but this is not a movie. the director should learn how to write a script for a movie of 100 minutes or more before starting to direct a movie.

the story is about the life of common people from antwerp, living their lives. so i said it, and there is nothing more actually to tell about the story. the movie is fast, like an mtv-flick, and well photographed and we feel that the director is talented and should do more films. so let's forget about this one and hope for the best with the next deus-barman picture.

okay... it seems like so far, only the barman fans have commented on this film - time for a counterpoint. beware, this writeup is *long*.for those not in the knowing (mostly the non-belgians) : tom barman, director of this film, is the frontman of deus, one of the better known rock bands of the late 90's here in belgium. basically, they made a couple of very adventurous and innovative albums and quickly rose to fame on the national scale. then, egos started hurting and the band basically fell apart, with barman and a couple of others remaining to go on making albums under the deus-monicker. the way it always happens in such cases, the post-breakdown deus was a lot tamer and less interesting than the original. they tried to go for an international breakthrough with their album "the ideal crash" in 1999, presenting a much diluted form of their earlier style of songwriting. they didn't quite make it. however, egos were still pretty big it seems : big enough for barman to consider himself enough of an artist to try on movies.more often than not this sort of thing is a very big mistake, and this film does not make the exception. and barman clearly went for *art* on this one, another very big mistake. for one thing, he's a musician, not a movie director. for another, deus at it's best made fun and provoking music, but never anything close to what i would consider *art*. it shows.so, what's this movie about? basically, it tells the story of a bunch of completely uninteresting people, doing equally uninteresting things over the course of a totally uninteresting friday in antwerp, as even more uninteresting stuff happens to them in the act of being uninteresting. the characters are shallow, the plot totally pointless and the film just doesn't have any other redeeming qualities to make up for these shortcomings. humor? the whole film made me smile (slightly) about 3 times, and actually managed to provoke a single 5-second laugh (not quite loud). mood? the film just doesn't seem to show any kind of emotion or feeling at all. mystery? well, (*minor spoiler*)the idea of the "wind-man", inspiring the name of the film, is as enthralling as a banana pepper pizza - not very, and has been done a thousand times before (anyone remember johny destiny - one of tarantino's worst appearances on film to date)(*end minor spoiler*). and well, its *artistic*, so don't expect any kind of real action to make up for all the previous. in other words, except for the few smiles, it bored me out of my shorts.so what remains? well, the soundtrack is pretty good, though it suffers from some of the same problems that other ost's have shown lately : first, it makes the movie seem like nothing more than a commercial for the cd. second, it gives the impression that barman is trying to hide the weaknesses and lack of emotional content in the film behind the content quality of the songs, which simply doesn't work. in the end, it makes the film look like nothing more than an illustration to the songs. and sadly, it's barmans own contribution to the soundtrack which gets the most attention, though it is the weakest part of the whole soundtrack as far as i'm concerned. all in all, it just stands to show that barman knows more about music than movies. camera work is okay as well, though not anything that would make you scream out with joy.the only thing about this movie that kept me watching was the sight-seeing factor. since i originate from antwerp, it was fun to play a kind of "guess-the-location" game. i would hardly consider this as a quality though.all in all, another chance lost for flemmish film. i keep on noticing that lately, the best belgian movies have been coming from the french part of the country. this is mostly because at least, they have something to tell and manage to tell it in way that is both sharp and emotional (the brothers daerden come to mind). maybe the flemmish art-house filmmakers should try that too.

i don't know what would be so great about this movie. even worse, why should anyone bother seeing this one ? first of all there is no story. one could say that even without a story a movie could be worth watching because it invokes some sort of strong feeling (laughter, cry, fear, ...), but in my opinion this movie does not do that either.you are just watching images for +/- 2 hrs. there are more useful things to do.i guess you could say the movie is an experiment and it is daring because it lacks all the above. but is this worth 2 hrs of your valuable time and 7 eur of your money ? for me the answer is: no.

what we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism. this is what happens when you live in a small country with very little (next to none, even) cinema history. whenever somebody does come up with a slightly more ambitious film project  other than the usual dramas about struggling farmer families or long feature slapstick movies of local comedians  everybody feels obliged to love it and even responsible to spread favorable reviews across the countries' borders. this is especially the case when the writer/director of this particular film is already a nation's sweetheart, because he's also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band. "any way the wind blows" is by no means a bad film, but it's definitely overrated (if that is even possible within the boundaries of a small country) and has absolutely nothing new or even remotely original to offer. this is basically the flemish version of classic movies such as "short cuts" and "magnolia" and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily lives initially appear to be unrelated but eventually come together in the end. the only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of antwerp, where they all live and work, but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and near the climax they all gather for a party. the main problem with "any way the wind blows", at least according to yours truly, lies with the characters. they really are random, uninteresting and honestly don't experience anything that could be considered out of the ordinary. it was presumably writer/director tom barman's intention to depict the average & regular inhabitant of antwerp but then, seriously, what is the point? one of the characters gets fired from his film projectionist job, another one is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis, two siblings recently lost their father and the most "mysterious" one of them all is followed by the wind wherever he goes. there are a couple of more characters regularly walking through the screen, but they're even less worth mentioning. these people simply drivel on and on about very random topics (like life in the 80's, dates and each other's bowel motions) and philosophy about matters nobody cares about. some of the dialogs do evoke mild chuckles, especially the interactions between the two twenty-something guys from ghent, but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable. the film actually works best as a touristy video to promote the city of antwerp and as an extended & versatile music documentary. there are several stylish & nifty sightseeing images of antwerp and there's always beautiful music playing, whether really loud or subtly in the background. generally speaking "any way the wind blows" is a competently made and stylish effort, but too mundane and slightly boring, and i honestly wonder most of its fans would even had bothered to watch if it weren't a flemish production.

to me this just comes off as a soap opera. i guess any depiction of profligate people can be considered "social commentary." but in the final analysis, i simply don't care how you characterize this film. none of the characters are very likable or engaging. i felt no chemistry between hudson and bacall. if there is a love story here, it is lost in the malaise. and despite the twist ending provided by a complete and immediate (and therefore, incomprehensible) reversal by dorothy maguire on the witness stand, the story is insufficient to hold my interest. no matter how much freudian symbolism and psychology are throw in, this story is sleazy, melodramatic and trite.rock hudson is nobly wooden. this is lauren bacall's least engaging role and one of her poorest performances. dorothy maguire and robert stack deliver more inspired performances, but her character is vile, and his is pathetic. robert keith, as the loving, out-of-touch father of two miscreant adult children, is the most sympathetic character. most interesting of all, however, is the severe-looking robert wilke in a small role as the bar owner. he is best remembered as a nasty henchman in countless westerns, but here he is an honest, likable fellow.i take my social commentary with an interesting, engaging story and a few likable characters, thank you.

i watched written on the wind starring rock hudson,lauren becall,robert stack & dorothy malone- robert stack was terrible- just bloody horrible- he was supposed to be a charming jet-setting millionaire- instead he came off like a jerk from the word go- the plot was stupid and overwrought and the 3 "romantic" leads had no chemistry. somehow dorothy malone won an oscar for best supporting actress- although her campy tramp character was boring- think the older sister from splendour in the grass filled with malice and bitterness and lacking charisma. director douglas sirk has the entire cast overact their way through dialogue that felt forced and the end result was a waste of 99 minutes. had a cameo by the actor that played the chief on get smart

i saw this film for the first time not too long on tcm's "essentials" series. the eye of the beholder cliché was never more apropos. this beholder saw little of value in this one. i was puzzled by the infinite attraction that lucy (lauren bacall) possessed. granted, ms. bacall was a beautiful woman, but in this film her character comes off more mousy than attractive. i would think men like mitch wayne and kyle hadley would more likely ignore lucy than fall into an instant infatuation with her. in bacall's defense, this film was made at the time of humphrey bogart's last illness and the weight of his deteriorating health may have affected her performance. of course part of this mousiness on the part of lucy was to contrast her to slutty marylee, played to the hilt and beyond by dorothy malone. the scene where she engages in a wildly sensual dance while her father wearily climbs the stairs to a fatal heart attack is far and away the best scene in the film. malone's performance outshines the rest, although jasper hadley's weariness at the disappointing behavior of his two children is brilliantly portrayed by robert keith. generally, though, i would have to say that i'm just not much of a fan of melodrama. the cartoonish behavior of the characters just makes for a story too implausible for my tastes.

first, let me state that i am a big fan of ashley judd; that's why i was curious to check out this, her debut role. no argument that her talent is apparent and her performance excellent. i guess i can also see how the professional critics liked the aesthetic content of the story. however, i like to think that movies are meant to entertain us and that is where this movie fails.by the halfway point, i found myself thinking, "how much longer do we have to watch a bored shop girl, idly standing around a deserted souvenir shop, rearranging the merchandise?" it seemed to go on forever!then, i thought, maybe this is one of those movies where the director tries to lull the audience into a relaxed state before hitting them with some dynamic event. no such luck. the movie continues it's bland, boring, uneventful story all the way to the end.i'm not saying this because i'm an action-junkie. i like all kinds of movies, especially romantic-comedies. but i expect to be entertained.add the fact that the cinematography and sound quality are comparable to your neighbor's bad home movies. depressing!i just don't get how anyone could like this movie. zero-entertainment value. the longest 114 minutes of my life.

ashley judd, in an early role and i think her first starring role, shows her real-life rebellious nature in this slow-moving feminist soap opera. wow, is this a vehicle for political correctness and extreme liberalism or what?being a staunch feminist in real life, she must have cherished this script. no wonder left wing critic roger ebert loved this movie; it's right up his political alley, too.unlike the reviewers here, i am glad judd elevated herself from this moronic fluff to better roles in movies that entertained, not preached the heavy-handed liberal agenda.

there was a great film to be made about steve biko. sadly this wasn't it. denzel washington - never the most flexible of actors - is totally unable to convey the great charisma that biko had. attenborough's big crowd scenes are laughable. the soweto massacre wasn't like this, three neat lines of children ( some doing cartwheels!) marching happily into the guns of the soldiers. with biko dead the film rapidly descends into farce. if the struggle against apartheid was anything it was a black people's struggle yet somehow we are all supposed to be gripped by the escape of a white man and his family. i'm sure donald woods was a decent man and he would be the first to say that biko was important while he wasn't. penelope wilton's accent is pure hampshire and she seems completely unaware that she is in south africa at all. at all. the wood's family dog gets more lines than the black maid. as the family make their escape one the women i saw the film with - incidentally one of only about a dozen black people in a large, full cinema - whispered "this is like the sound of music." she had a point.overall this is a film by a well-intentioned if somewhat inept white liberal about a radical black people's struggle. and really south africa needs well-intentioned white liberals like it needs a hole in the head.

this show was laughably bad. the writing sucked, the dialog sucked. the guy who played craig couldn't act his way out of a paper sack. being it was on thursday night, this was definitely great to watch with some beers. cool music, bad acting, poor writing, all came together for my entertainment.it was a drama/unintentional comedy. i don't care what happened to any of the characters, they were all boring and stupid. the first five episodes were the worst, since they couldn't reveal who the victim was, they had to write the dialog around it, which was terrible. i mean, the eulogy at the funeral was ridiculous. actually, all the scenes that occurred in the present were utterly horrible.so, let's review. everything happening in present time sucked. the flashback scenes, only the writing, dialog and craig's acting sucked. the music ruled though.

i have no idea how anyone managed to stay awake during this show. the acting was ham-fisted and amateur, the story was old news, and plot development (or lack thereof) invariably had my eyelids sagging less than halfway through each episode. that's about all there is to say of it, because it genuinely lacked substance of any kind.how can you people like crap like this? it's freaking stupid, it's an insult to your intelligence. i don't even know how to further explain it... it's as if some of you will stare mindlessly at junk like this solely because you like the way some of the actors look, or because, for whatever crazy reason, you haven't seen the same formulas in dozens of shows a million times before.i just.. forget it. this show sucked, and thankfully it's gone forever. i wish they'd get to work on demolishing the o.c. once and for all.

crude, some times crass - to me that's the summation of madhur bhandarkar's latest work - page 3. he has no point of view - just shallow, funny digs at stereotypes. what is the movie about?? is it about reporting a clan of people (so called page 3 types) who are so busy socializing and progressing their profiles in life - that they have no time for anything else. and you are either in it or out of it. is it that there is no press at all to report everyday incidents. madhur bhandarkar forgets that there is a main newspaper and page 3 is just a supplement; perhaps an entertainer for checking out who's who and what's what. don't mix the two. and then there is power play - that would happen in every walk of life. so what have you told at the end of it all - nothing - just a few crude jokes strung together in an otherwise direction less movie.

madhur has given us a powerful movie chandni bar in the past. his next film page 3 was one of the worst movies of all time. it apparently tells the story of some high class people in india. after seeing a scene where the man forces another man for sexual reasons to star in a movie. i felt like spitting and breaking the dvd. coincidently i did. the reason why was the movie contains scenes of child pornography and molestation. i literally vomited and was shocked to see a movie showing naked children. very disturbing stuff, there was no need to show the children fully naked. one of the rich guys likes to kidnap poor children and sell them to foreign people, british men in this movie. i am shocked to know this film was a hit in parts of india, otherwise super flop in uk, usa and australia. i'm from uk, and this kind of stuff makes me sick, shouldn't of been released in uk.

i do not even want to call this thing a film - it is a movie that should not have won any awards. the acting was horrible as were the silly scenarios. this is exactly the sort of film that so many folks think caters to an nri audience but is in fact loathed abroad for its awkwardness and the overwhelming sense of "trying" throughout the movie. i find it strange that so many actors conversant with the english language have such a hard time doing so convincingly in front of the camera. i'm sure many readers know what i am talking about - all those token english phrases thrown into a movie, in hindi and in regional cinema for cool points. there are few indian movies in which the english seems completely genuine - being cyrus was a recent one. although not a great film, it was a good film and the language did not seem "put on". i feel ashamed that p3 was awarded the nfa in 2005. the only semi-enjoyable parts of this rubbish were konkana and a somewhat catchy background score. other than that, do not even waste your time with this film.

i've almost forever been against the inclusion of songs in a movie. my belief was that the quality of the film would automatically be improved if only those extremely annoying songs would be axed. however, things have quickly changed after watching that horrible black (no songs) & this movie, page 3 (plenty of songs). while black was weak to an extreme, page 3 delivers a gripping story with some strong acting & good direction. the songs were almost incidental & blended in almost seamlessly with the film. there certainly weren't any women getting sprayed with water for no apparent reason from mysterious water sources while gyrating wildly on the streets at night.i was pleasantly surprised with the bold and unabashed approach used by the director. there was no glossing over of anything and almost every scene was completely believable.i'd recommend this films for hindi-speaking people with at least a slight understanding of mumbai life. the former because the english subtitling was below par and contained many errors which, at times, completely reversed the meaning of the actual statement. the latter because you'll definitely appreciate the accuracy of the depiction once you've lived it yourself.i'd definitely rank this as a work worthy of international recognition. the scenes with the gossiping drivers was a nice touch and it served simultaneously as a source of genuine humour as well as another perspective on the whole mishmash. the movie does fall short in a few places though, where the characters sometimes say the most inexplicable things which detract from the overall direction of the film.i also thought that a couple of the sadder scenes were not done very well. it was a touch amusing to watch, rather than arouse any feelings of sadness & the whole scene tended to come across as a bit foolish. these are minor issues though, because the film, on the whole, is truly a rare treat to watch.overall, it's a cynical, pessimistic outlook and a refreshing one at that! actors, not 'heroes' - that's the key. a chance to glimpse believable human beings in an extraordinary setting - everyday life. a behind-the-scenes look at the extent of the depravity and a rare ray of hope for indian cinema.8/10.

the film was made in 1942 and with world war 11 around, the movie industry decided to capitalize on the fact that spies were around.the film is fun to watch due to the fabulous dancing of eleanor powell. the late miss powell was certainly a great hoofer in every sense of the word. she is again paired with a very young looking red skelton here. the two of them also starred in "i dood it."moroni olsen, who 3 years later, was superb as the interrogating police officer in "mildred pierce" again appears as an officer asking powell to deliver an item. trouble is that olsen and his rogues are really the japanese spies.bert lahr is his usual brilliant self here and he gets ample support from virginia o'brien.

let's hope this is the final nightmare. this is the epitome of a good thing gone bad. okay, there is still some enjoyment to be had, but only in the most mundane sense. rachel talalay had been there for the duration of this franchise, had been on the production staff and produced even. i don't know what she was thinking, but this debacle comes complete with the human video game boy and a guest appearance bytom and roseanne arnold! i wish i had a clue what she was thinking when she wrote/directed this disappointing piece of garbage. she even tried to distract her audience from the fact that this movie was nothing more than an over-glorified popcorn movie instead of bearing any resemblance to horror, with the contrived use of a 3d ending. aren't those glasses nifty? and you get to keep them! it's the equivalent of, you just spent $9.00 making me rich. here's 10 cents. now, don't you feel special!? sorry, but for me, it just did not make me feel special. and freddy's had yet another face-lift. this one was for the worst, i think. all the beautiful artistry that went into his "look" in the earlier films has been replaced by an obviously cheaper, less detailed set of prosthetics. he looks ... less like the burn victim he is supposed to be, and more like he has a skin disorder. changing the lead's makeup like that so far into a series is about on the same level as changing the lead actor. but wait! they've done that, and done that. so i guess it doesn't matter. but it mattered to me. freddy is no longer scary. he's just ... another low-rent monster like the leprechaun. it's more...a dark comedy than the horror classic this series promises; riddled with what you can only hope the writers thought were witty one-liners and clever repartee (sadly, it fell short on both accounts). so there's nothing more to say than grab the popcorn and get ready to laugh, because there was not one scary or suspenseful moment in this entire film. it rates a 3.2/10 from...the fiend :.

in the future of 2001, freddy is after the last surviving teenager of elm street. forsaking any scares whatsoever for unfunny attempts at humor and needless celebrity cameos (come on..roseanne??? tom arnold??!!?? wtf?), this is tied with part 2 is the worst the demon child rapist ever got. wow was this a piece of crap. not even the great legendary alice cooper could make the stench of this movie go away. and when they hell did freddy ever have a daughter?? the whole film is severely retarded in ever single conceivable way, shape & form. rachel talalay, you stink to high heaven, babe.my grade: d- dvd extras: cast and crew bios; jump to the 3d sequence and jump to a nightmare options (more extras for the film can be found on the seventh disc of the nightmare collection dvd set) dvd-rom content: trivia game; screenplay; and web link

i have to congratulate the genius who approved this one. edward furlong, you're not as good as you think mate, you can't grab on every piece of low-cost amateur crap, which sole intention has to be to get some bucks.the filming is bad, and i mean bad. anyone with a camera would get the same result, or better.the acting, lets just say: don't go to the supermarket looking for actors. the good ones usually come with a degree or, at least, have some damn experience! the director.. mr. jon keeyes, please find your purpose in life, as a director you simply suck. your directing is poor, the angles are all messed up (not in a good way), the lines seem as if they're being read out of toilet paper, and the damn music.. it always comes up when it shouldn't and goes out for no apparent reason. and don't go for writer either, by the way. making movies isn't like serving on a coffeshop, it requires art and skill, things i really doubt you'll ever have.instead of making a badass shootout movie, you should've shot this one back to oblivion and wait 'till something good came up.. or just go find a job on a coffeshop. you'll have less stress and you'll save movie goers some money and a bad night.vote: 1/10 (my first one)

sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful it has a destructive effect on your morale. you begin to really ask yourself, what does it mean for our society that the standard is so terribly low? can they honestly expect that we'll endure this many clichés and still be entertained?of course, it is still a hollywood mainstay to make the gun the major character, plot device, and the source of all conflict and resolution in films. character needs a gun. gets a gun. can't do that because he has a gun. puts his gun down first. oh my god what are we going to do!? he has a gun! he waves it around, acting more malicious than real human beings ever do. he pushes it in someone's face for 90 minutes, shouting questions. the hallmark of any conclusion will be the comforting sound of police sirens. it's a real challenge to make such a tired, hackneyed formula work again; a film has to be very clever and well executed. this one is neither. it has no life and no personality, and it will suck these components from you. it will make you feel worse about living in the time and space that you do. really, who needs that!? so yes, i'll say it: i think this may well be the worst film i have ever seen. anyone who was involved in the making of this sub- mediocre soul killing trash should be publicly embarrassed for the disservice they've done to us all.

so, american pie: beta house is the 6th american pie movie in the series. although, it really has nothing to do with the original three american pie movies except some of the characters are supposed to be related to the characters in the original trilogy and eugene levy is in it (can't that guy get better gigs?).there is very little to compliment this movie on. there aren't any funny jokes. the acting is painful to watch, especially the girl with the "southern" accent which sounds more like a canadian's impersonation of a british woman pretending to be a hillbilly by using the word "ya'll." this movie makes me feel like such an idiot. why didn't i apply to a college where nobody goes to class (but everybody gets good grades), girls consistently take their clothes off in public, everybody has promiscuous unprotected sex without the burden of babies and stis, and you can ejaculate all over a girl's family photos without her minding? really, this series has lowered itself to the standards of softcore porn. maybe for the next one, they'll finally break down and hire ron jeremy as the lead. i'm sure they can just tie it in to the series by making his character stifler's 3rd uncle once removed or something like that.

this was the worst film i have seen for a long time. not only that it has nearly nothing to do with the other american pie movies, the story is obvious, flat and absolutely not funny. the girls are nice though, but spending your time watching a cheap soft porno would possibly be greater than watching this film.this film seems to be a very bad made sex ad, made for an audience that is not older than 12.i never visited an american college, but i would seriously doubt that anyone who did could really laugh about any of the scenes.save your time, do something else.

let's cut to the chase: this movie is softcore pornography marketed for the masses under a name that the studio is milking every last penny out of the american pie teat. period.the whole plot (and that shouldn't imply that there's a whole lot to go around) serves as a vehicle to show the audience more boobs and sex scenes.if you're a tween guy, and you're too squeamish to purchase actual pornography, then this is the movie for you. otherwise, the movie doesn't have much to offer at all.the acting is sub-par, the character development is virtually non-existent, and the story is a nonsensical knarl of nudity, binge drinking and pranks (none of which are particularly memorable).go buy real porn if that's what you want to see, and if not, go watch a good movie. animal house, kids, or even the original american pie are all great cinematic works, and all of them contain heavy alcohol use and nudity."it's not how much, it's how you use it"

ok so there's nudity, but hey, there's free porn on the internet for whomever likes it. and its just silly how they forced tits into every frame. i mean i was embarrassed, not from the nudity but from the far-fetchessness of the producers/writers of this piece of crap.the movie is not funny at all, its just extremely predictable all the time. there is no plot, no dramatic content at all. this is way waay worse then the other pie-films and they arnt that great either:) if you're really drunk or maybe a 13 year old buy who are really obsessed with tits this might be acceptable, otherwise not. may it forever roth align with crap of the same magnitude with regards erik the questmaster flash mc

band camp was awful, the naked mile was a little better, and this third straight to dvd in the american pie franchise seems the same quality as the predecessor. basically erik stifler (john white) split from his girlfriend after losing his virginity, and now him and mike 'cooze' coozeman (jake siegel) are joining erik's cousin dwight (steve talley) at college. with the promise of many parties, plenty of booze, and enough hot chicks at the beta house, they only have fifty listed tasks to carry out to become official privileged members. but a threat comes into sight with the rivals, gek ("geek") house, led by power-hungry nerd (and sheep shagger) edgar (tyrone savage) offering bigger and better than what beta have. to settle it once and for all, beta and gek go into battle with the banned, for forty years, greek games to beat each other in, with the loser moving out. the last champion of the games, noah levenstein aka jim's dad (the only regular eugene levy) runs the show, which sees the people unhooking bras, a gladiator duel floating on water, catching a greased pig, russian roulette in the mouth with cartridges of aged horse spunk, wife carrying and drinking a full keg of alcohol (with puking not disqualifying). it all comes to the sudden death, with a guy getting stripper lap dancing, and they have to resist cumming, beta house win when edgar cums with a girl dressed as a sheep on his lap. also starring flubber's christopher mcdonald as mr. stifler, meghan heffern as ashley, dan petronijevic as bull, nic nac as bobby, christine barger as margie, italia ricci as laura johnson, moshana halbert as sara coleman, sarah power as denise, andreja punkris as stacy and jordan prentice as rock. the nudity amount is very slightly increased, as is the grossness of the jokes, and i could guess it being rated one star out of five, but i like it. adequate!

for those with little time on their hands, i'll sum it up quickly, in one word...pathetic. there are a lot of good examples as to why this movie fits perfectly under that description. so much so that you can barely go through 2 minutes of screen time without seeing something completely stupid and pointless forced upon you. want a fully naked woman in the first 10 minutes? you got it! the reason she appears is so pointless though that it really sets the tone for the rest of this piece of juvenile crap. you can almost glimpse into the deluded minds of the 12 year old boys that wrote this piece of garbage just by watching this crap that they expect the public to actually pay for!!??!!! i've watched many a movie franchise decline over the years, but american pie;beta house has to be one of the worst offenders when you consider that despite the average nature of the original movie, it's still a thousand times funnier than this dreck.the plot is predictable, and sometimes you actually feel like you're watching a school play. the things that happen in this movie are so unrealistic that it takes a lot of suspension of disbelief to actually watch it (we're talking star wars levels of suspension, like the kind you need to convince yourself jar jar is real)the plot is paper thin and mostly the events that transpire are only there to show another pair of breasts or set up yet another pathetic joke. there is no acting talent to speak of, all you get is a bunch of pretty boys trying to make us laugh. and ohhh how they fail!!!! every gag falls flat and the only thing i laughed at was how socially unaware the scriptwriters appear to be. how else can you explain the bulls**t they try to pass off as a story?they pass up every opportunity to do something worthwhile and entertaining in favour of badly written, lowest common denominator nonsense. the characters have to complete a set number of tasks before they are accepted as members of beta house, but this is dealt with mostly by a series of very brief montages that imply that they are completing the tasks but we see little to no evidence of it actually happening. its a very lazy way of telling a story. it also misses opportunities to be funny in doing so.(imagine say the wizard of oz where all the important events happened offscreen instead of on it, and all we see is dorothy high-fiving the scarecrow every now and again and saying "gee that sure was a great adventure we just had back then") lazy. lazy. lazy!!!!the female characters have little or nothing to say. all they do is get naked for no apparent reason and are used as visual props through most of the movie. you braindeads that only seek t&a will not be disappointed, but for that reason alone shame on you. if you buy this on dvd you will be contributing to the downfall of society in your own special way. congratulations.

american pie has gone a long distance from the first. at first i believe the actors don't have a clue what their doing and instead it's just a remake of a college party gone nuts. story sets out as two freshman college guys (featuring the young stifler) setting out the dreams of attending college just to experience the late night parties, sex and of course the booze. the plot is stupid and comes along way away from the original pie. in fact they didn't once again feature an apple pie somewhere in the film.luckily i work in a video store and can rent for free. but please remember it is a waste of time unless you enjoy brainless sex films with absolute nudity and insane drinking. i'm a teen myself and i believe even evan almighty would've been a better choice instead.

for starters, i would like to say that i'm a fan of the american pie series. even though 'the naked mile' and this one are the two worst, this one seems to be the downfall of the whole series.first of all, the best part of the film was that it was an american pie film, which is always appreciated.however, there are tonnes of bad things to say about this film. first of all, the story has a very stale 'arc' structure. first, there is the introduction of the characters, then the pledging of the beta house and finally the greek olympiad. each of which has exactly 25 minutes of length. apart from the general staleness of the plot, there is little to no character development, which makes a double whammy of a bad plot.apart from that, i deeply disliked the stereotyping in this film. that is, showing the jocks as the extremely cool, only-thinking-about-sex guys, and explicitly displaying the geeks as inferior. also, it shows females only as sexual objects, and males as only wanting to treat the females as sexual objects.apart from that, the acting was also poor. with perhaps the exception of steve talley.so, in the end, a generally horrid film, if seen from a critical point of view. if seen from a teen point of view, i guess that it's better, but this film is rated 18+ in most countries, so it shouldn't really be seen by minors.

stifler, has finished running his naked mile and is now attending beta house. crazy stuff happens, people run around naked and nerds are made fun of and this series is dead in the water. the naked mile was a crap film, but i found it to be significantly better then band camp. it seems they've gone back to what didn't work for them and it shows that they don't care either. you can tell where the target audience is and they nailed it perfectly. young teenage boys who like to see naked women, crude humour and beer drinking will love beta house, everyone else can pretty much look away.star wars became a massive success that stunned audiences with it's ahead of its time special effects. lord of the rings created an entire world of mythical creatures and massive battles that dazzled the eye. the matrix changed the way action and sci/fi films were made, specifically with the cutting edge special effects. with all the advancement in technology, we eagerly await the next big thing that will have our jaws dropped to the floor. then comes american pie: beta house, which pushes the boundaries of what technology can do. when people have created spaceships, landscapes and creatures using cgi, beta house decides to use this technology to create semen. yes, the thing that creates life, the thing you see so many times in pornography films is created and time slows down to show us the white residue shoot across the room onto a teddy bear. is this funny? disgusting? neither? beta house shows more nudity then the naked mile, which is surprising considering the previous installments title. does the film need it? of course not, does it ever advance the plot, does it ever? does it ever get a laugh? does it ever get young boys aroused? yes the women are beautiful, but if i am the one who thinks there is too much nudity then you might as well just have made a porno.the female who catches the affections of our main character is pretty and doesn't annoy the viewer, like previous girls have done in the series, but not once did i ever believe this character would ever do what she does. i'm pretty sure every action from the characters in this film are far from realistic. the american pie series has fallen from a realm of reality into a fantasy world. none of the events in this film would ever happen, if they ever did then i need to attend this school immediately. is this film suppose to make people feel like they are having a good time? well it doesn't, we are watching them have a good time, by the end of the film we hate them for all the fun they are having.there is a "deer hunter" scene in the film, but to make it "funny" for today's audience they decided to substitute bullets wit horse semen. are you laughing yet? instead of shooting themselves with said semen in the head, or face, they place the gun in their mouths. are you on the floor laughing yet? the first time we are introduced to stifler's roommate, he's having sex with his girlfriend. are you cheering at the nudity yet? the film at first seems like it will be about the boys trying to get into the frat house, but then it shifts to them already being in the frat house, but needing to perform certain tasks. then it shifts to a competition between nerds and the boys. it goes a little "revenge of the nerds" on us for a bit and it seems out of place. i honestly do not know what these film is about because it goes all over the place.most of the comedy seems forced for shock value. even at the beginning with the dad showing his son the list of people he has had sex with. the joke is in there somewhere, i think it might be the fact that his wife is not the last name on the list, or it could have been that one of his son's friend's mother was on the list. either one, it doesn't work.i guess if you haven't guessed it yet, this film is not funny. nor does it seem to be focused, the story is pathetic and the so called crude humour that the series has been known for doesn't shock. skip this lame installment and any future ones as well. i do not know why i have seen all the entries in the series, but for some unknown reason they seem to have found their way to my eyes.

american pie: beta house is sort of in limbo between genres. on the one hand, it's a comedy with no plot and few genuinely clever jokes. on the other hand, it's porno that's a tad too soft-core to actually turn on any viewers. essentially beta house is a collage of sex scenes - some humiliating, others just lame attempts at humor - with a couple thin plot points thrown in an effort at cohesiveness. the characters are barely even two-dimensional, most development relies on knowledge of naked mile, and the "important" plot scenes are so far apart that you wonder why the writers even felt the need for a story.in all fairness, i did not go into this movie without expectations. i liked the original three american pie movies, and thought band camp and naked mile were solid rentals. i thought naked mile was almost good enough to be released in theaters, and so when i saw that some of the same characters were returning for beta house, i was excited to see this installment. i was aware that there would be numerous scenes of debauchery and sexual humiliation in multiple forms. and i was fine with it, because in the past, these scenes were backed by the story and were well integrated into the plot. in beta house, however, it's almost as if the writers forgot why the formula in the other ap movies worked. they spent too much energy working in the nudity that they forgot to actually write a story.this movie is a disappointment and not even worth a one-dollar rental. the jokes are lame, the story is non-existent, and the porno-aspect is too tame if that's all you really care about seeing.

although it's an r rated movie, i really doubt that you'll really enjoy it unless you're a teenagerwhy? because there's no real plot, no character development,no funny jokes. the only thing that this movie has plenty of is nudity. tons and tons of naked or almost naked chicks (pretty nice ones i might add) to feast your eyes on.i really can't understand why this movie has the american pie title since it's only a bad combination between an erotic movie and a comedy without succeeding in being either of them.my suggestion is to watch this movie only if you want to see some naked chicks, but you're too shy to rent/buy an erotic movie. gave it 1/10 for the 2 smiles i had in the entire movie and another 2/10 for the nice chicks

assuming this won't end up a straight-to-video release, i would have to say void this title at all costs. unless you're bored of good, well-executed movies, that is. i saw this last night at afi dallas, and i left with 20 minutes remaining, simply because i didn't care anymore (about the plot, not about insulting the director...that is awkward). when you can spot a goof only 5 minutes into the movie (a shot out, shattered window before any shots are fired...and then the window breaks with the first shot), things are going to bad. let's just say this is only an indicator of things to come...unfortunately.i'll spare you all the details, but this is sub-par in every manner, even the half-assed acting by michael madsen is disappointing when you're expecting half-assed acting from him. and the rape scene...christ! "shut up and take it" should never be used in a rape scene. ever.3/10

story goes like this, netflix was late sending me my dvds so i went on down to the the analog rental place known as "blockbuster video" they suck you know. real bad, they have 150 copies of the latest lame movies for your viewing pleasure yet i never want to see any of those. so i saw btk killer there on the shelf, all by its lonesome self. i like seeing films based on serial killers. its just a part of humanity that i will never understand, therefore i wanna see that kind of stuff. anyways i put this dvd in and all the sudden from the very first second, it sucks. i'm sitting there with my b.f. and we are like, "what is this kind of crap?" unsteady camera operation, horrible acting,- the first scene in which a woman gets killed you wonder if she would rather just calmly gab instead, then a rat gets stuffed down her throat. i really wonder if the director has a hard-on for this crap. there is nothing decent about this "film". all i have to say to the director is "do you own a freakin' tripod?" every shot was brutally unstable. the music was awful. it was like they just decided one day to make a movie. they were probably gathering people from walmart to show up and "act" for them. just plain awful. if you make a movie like this then directing is your hobby-not what you should be doing for a living- should not make it to the dvd renal outlets for movie buffs like myself. better left at home for your friends when you are having a party and run out of interesting things to entertain them with.... then you break out your btk killer film and say, "wanna see this crappy movie i did once?"

oh my god! please, for the love of all that is holy, do not watch this movie! it it 82 minutes of my life i will never get back. sure, i could have stopped watching half way through. but i thought it might get better. it didn't. anyone who actually enjoyed this movie is one seriously sick and twisted individual. no wonder us australians/new zealanders have a terrible reputation when it comes to making movies. everything about this movie is horrible, from the acting to the editing. i don't even normally write reviews on here, but in this case i'll make an exception. i only wish someone had of warned me before i hired this catastrophe

i rented this horrible movie. the worst think i have ever seen. i believe a 1st grade class could have done a better job. the worse film i have ever seen and i have seen some bad ones. nothing scary except i paid 1.50 to rent it and that was 1.49 too much. the acting is horrible, the characters are worse and the film is just a piece of trash. the slauther house scenes are so low budget that it makes a b movied look like an oscar candidate. all i can say is if you wnat to waste a good evening and a little money go rent this horrible flick. i would rather watch killer clowns from outer space while sitting in a bucket of razors than sit through this flop again

this is by far the worst horror/thriller i've seen in my 29 years. if someone offers this to you for free tell them no. this movie makes you a dumber person for knowing you watched it. the plot isn't even the worst part of this movie.....its the acting, camera work, lighting, and sound. there is absolutely nothing to like about this movie. whoever paid to have this film made is broke now. i hope the director never gets the greenlight for another movie. in its defense this movie was made quickly to try to capitalize on the actual btk killer's capture but i've seen movie of the weeks that looked like oscar winners compared to this.

this movie features a gorgeous brunette named danielle petty. she has stunning green eyes, and is in the first few scenes and the last scene. she is the only thing about this movie that is not repulsive. she may not have a future as an actress, because this kind of movie is the kind of offensive disaster that kills careers.the movie itself has absolutely nothing to recommend it. it is not a good horror film, or a good fake journalistic report, or remotely well done. there is no skill apparent in it's production. it is like a bad student film. the story's horrific elements do not make you sick, it is the fact that it is so poorly done that makes you sick. i would give this movie zero stars if i could.

this movie start quite gruesomely with a female being bound and psychologically tortured. there's male full frontal nudity, dead animal parts, dogs licking nipples, the female loosing control of her bladder. all shot in a gray cold color. effective, but a little too much. we then move on to seeing the btk killer's youth as well as the present and his history of crimes. the tension is entirely psychological and the scenes of the killer entering the homes of his victims and talking to them lasts for quite a long time and it's creepy. here we don't see fancy or good imagery, it looks as if shot with your home camera. it doesn't look horrifying, but in a way seeing a criminal engage his victims for quite some time before killing them is quite unusual and chilling. what this movie doesn't have is any drama, really. there are some cop scenes every once in a while, but there's no excitement in terms of them finding the killer. there isn't much of an arc to this story. this could have been an effective psychological thriller, a study of madness. unfortunately, the movie is filled with real slaughterhouse footage. it's dispersed throughout the movie and comes on suddenly again and again. sometimes you don't know it's coming and don't have enough time to look away. and that i have to reject. i'm all for low budget horror movies but i don't tolerate animal suffering. it was unnecessary, excessive, and comes without warning. i'm glad that lionsgate releases stuff that no one else does, but they should have passed on this movie or edited out the animal gore. stay away from this garbage.

this is the biggest piece of crap ever. it looks like they spent more time, effort, and money making the dvd cover than they did on the actual movie. i really thought the dvd had been switched out with someone's homemade porno until i recognized one of the actors from the cover. this movie looks like someone made it with a hundred bucks and a camcorder and they spent half of that on rats. the picture is really clear, but that, along with the very unfortunate lighting, cinematography, if you can call it that, production, acting, if that is actually what they are doing, and script, if they had one, makes this movie look worse than an old porno. at least the old porno has a point. this just looks like some peta members got together and decided to make a really disturbing, pointless psa about animals rights and feelings. this is so not worth the money or the time. it has nothing in common with the actual btk serial killer other than the name of the killer and that of some of the victims. the people who made this movie should be glad he's not still free, or he might have come after them just for screwing up this movie so bad.

i question the motive of the creators of this fictional account of the btk killer's motives. are they attempting to portray animal rights activists as sick monsters? who is responsible for this? don't they think the people involved with this monster are hurting enough? what a blatant disrespect and exploitation of the victims! it was like a personality experiment: what disturbs you more, the slaughterhouse or the human murders? they used actual names of some of the victims....this movie was hideous, disrespectful and insulting! the creators of this movie used this tragedy for their own agenda! people need to awaken and redraw the line!

my mother worked with dennis l. raider for eleven years, not to mention shared an office with him. when it was announced he was btk, she was shocked. the whole day was just her telling stories about how she never would have seen him as the wichita killer. i've heard her re-tell them many times. i've inquired her about a lot of things, and gone to all the interviews that she was asked to go to. i've read the entire book written about raider, wichita is my hometown and i was surprised that such a thing could happen in kansas.there was another btk movie on tv not too long ago, and i thought this one would have been better at portraying dennis' killings, maybe even have some intelligent touches to his motives.i'm going to be very blunt with the flaws in this movie. this is based on my mom's portrayal of him, all my readings on him, and the video tapes i've seen of him talking.first of all, the camera angles were horrible. it looked as though it had been shot on a home video camera. the acting was terrible and i couldn't even bear to watch it.dennis raider never had long hair. dennis raider was a "very anal man" and was a "follow the rule book" kind of guy. he wasn't as nice as the movie made him look, he was very polite and abrupt, business like. same goes for his killings, as far as we all know. if you've seen his confession in court, you can already guess.and as for the obsession with the slaughter house? no. never have i read or has dennis raider confessed to having a problem with animal cruelty or people squishing bugs. in fact, he practiced on cats and dogs for choking methods. yet through-out the whole movie he was putting animals in his victim's faces and acting like he cared about the well-being of them.dennis raider never killed the people that he knew, he confessed this, but in the movie in his first killing he tells the lady he knows her also.i really don't even want to go in to this movie, and i'm already ranting. this is not what you want to watch if you are interested in the actual happenings of btk. this is not what you want to watch if you want a good horror movie. if you want a badly shot half-porno with some slaughter scenes served the side, then this is your kind of movie.

don't see this movie. bad acting and stupid gore effects. a complete waste of time. i was hoping to see a lot of cool murders and hot chicks,instead the director depended on animal slaughter videos to shock you, the watcher. disgusting. the murders are pretty lame, basically strangulation. one woman he stuffs worms in her mouth, one he puts raw hamburgers on her face and strangles her. btk = btk broiler, burger king's "killer" new sandwich....ha ha. i don't think this movie relied too much on actual facts. i mean, he real btk killer didn't carry around a bunch of rodents, scorpions and worms..and oh yeah...a slaughtered cow head too. go figure.

this was the worst movie i have ever seen and i've seen a lot of bad movies. first of i'm from kansas this movie does not have a shred of truth in it at all. its like they took btk name and made up the rest. on top of that it looks like someone was like i've only got $20 bucks here take it and make a movie and oh yeah don't worry about researching btk at all just make up something. seriously pure dookie no one should ever see this movie. the slaughtering cows scenes and making his victims eat stuff and describing animal slaughter btk did none of these things but the movie does so for the love of god never see this god awful movie. the made for tv ones are way better and way more accurate

i have never watched a movie in so little time. the only salvation was the fast forward function on the dvd unit. it was like watching a poorly produced cbc film. there was obviously no money for lighting, filming, sets, location, scriptwriters, editors, actors... oh, there was absolutely no story either! i need to write ten lines of comment... bad, awful, horrible, wretched, anguishing, tortuous, bilious, nauseous, sickening, fromage, disgusting, flimsy, icky, yucky, pukey, stinky, smelly, vile, putrid, all-thumbs-down, and i don't know if i can keep on going to complete all ten lines of just how bad this piece of crap-o-matic production was!

this movie was so ridiculous i never even finished watching it i actually thought someone had made their own version and dubbed it onto the dvd from the movie store. this movie made me sick not because it was gory, but because i wasted 2 50 on it!!!! it looks like my brother and i went into a house and made the movie ourselves and edited slaughterhouse footage into it! i am so ticked off, even the btk killer deserves more credit than that it was not even accurate i mean come on the cow head was obviously made out of play dough or bubble gum omg i cant even get all the words out to explain it do not watch this movie!!!!!!!

this movie is the biggest steaming pile of you know what, being from and growing up in wichita kansas;i know for a fact 90% of the movie was bogus. aside from the names of some of the victims, nothing else much was correct. the movie looks like it was made with dad's handy-cam, it had footage that i believe came from another film along with stock footage from a slaughter house. i usually enjoy watching bad films for the fun of it, but due to the bad acting, poorly prepared or non existent sets and a very dull and short ending.it was a struggle to watch it through to the ending. i recommend that you not waste your money on this film or you will be sorry. crunch

this movie is just so awful. so bad that i can't bear to expend anything other than just a few words. avoid this movie at all costs, it is terrible.none of the details of the crimes are re-enacted correctly. lots of slaughterhouse footage. weird cuts and edits. no continuity to the plot. the acting is absolutely the most amateur i have ever seen.this bomb of a movie was obviously made to make some money without any regard to the accuracy of it's content. the camera work is out of focus at times and always shaky. it looks as if it was shot on video.in fact, now that they've got dennis rader with life in prison, i wish they would put the guys that made this horrible movie into prison as well.seriously, don't even think about watching this one. i'd give it a negative star if i could.

as i work at a video store, i found it to be my solemn duty to talk about the worst movies i've ever seen, and warn my friends and co-workers of it. amidst one day of particularly heated debate of what is the worst movie, my friend dared me to watch b.t.k. killer, even stating that if i could watch the whole movie and still claim my previous choice was the worst movie ever, then he'd watch it. i lost. i believe that even i made better videos than this in high school, and those were hardly great feats of a young genius. this film not only lacked in what seemed to be production value (it looks like it was shot on a bad camcorder, although it is surprisingly clear), but also in acting (wooden, hollow, and pathetic don't scratch the surface), as well as just generally bad movie feeling. i can remember a scene where i heard glass smash, suddenly, i was reminded of some bad high school plays (i know that i reference high school too often here, but this film did seem very juvenile) both in terms of the set, which seemed far too fake, but also as if the people were reading their lines from the script, not entirely sure what was actually going on. my review doesn't do this film justice, because i can't describe how utterly horrid the time i spent watching this was. it's almost ironic that i do a pathetic job describing a pathetic excuse for a movie.

i can't really say what i think about this movie, its against the guidelines, i've watched many many films, and this has got to be the worst one yet, extremely low budget, i'm guessing all the money went into the slaughter house scenes, cause i could of did a better job with a b&w 8mm camera and a crew of monkeys. it was so bad i registered just to leave a comment, cause i had to tell someone, movie rental place wasn't enough. but this is my 2 cents worth, i suggest borrowing it from some poor sap who rented it and watch it yourself. cause i sure wouldn't waste the money on it myself again. now i leave you with this comment. i hope your not made at the rental place when they wont refund you your money .. =)

horrible, horrible, horrible do not waste your money to rent this movie. its like a low budget made for tv canadian movie. absolutely the worst movie i have ever seen and there have been many others out there. this movie is not worth the time it takes to put it in the dvd player or vcr. :~( . is it possible to write ten lines? the acting was horrific. it had absolutely no flow. i saw the made for tv movie on the btk killer and it was much better(in comparison to this one). i am not sure what they were going for in producing this film but if it was to educate us or tell a story about the btk killer they missed by a mile. it appeared to be more of a infomercial for animal rights.

i just watched this movie today and not only is it, terrible and awful but it looks like the director just got a few friends together to make a movie about a sick man. i also think that this movie has the look of a porn video with it's clear crisp just filmed view.thank heavens i work in a video store and i didn't have to pay for it cause this movie is crap x infinity..do not buy or rent this movie!!!!! you'd have a better time watching dude where's my car than this piece of crap! and that's not saying a lot for that movie either.the acting is lousy and the movie is just very unwatchable. i was watching this movie and i wanted to kill myself during and after the movie.i walked home and threw up after watching this piece of dirt movie, i then took a shower and burnt my clothes. if i had half a mind i would of took the movie outside and burned it too cause no one should be subjected to it...well maybe members of al queda..especially the ones we have in custody and also child rapists who are in prison on life sentences with out parole....just make a set up like a clock work orange, and then force these cheese head to watch it over and over again.

to compare this squalor with an old, low budget porno flick would be an insult to the old, low budget porno flick. the animal scenes have no meaning nor do they represent this man and his crimes even in the broadest sense of abstractions. the synopsis on the back of the dvd case says in part, "gripping retelling of the btk killer's reign of terror." this is not a retelling. a retelling would suggest that you are being told the truth of what happened or how or why. none of these things are true. i'm an enthusiastic studier of serial killers and have seen some pretty crappy movies about them and honestly, this is not one of them. this isn't even about the btk killer. save yourself some time and a few bucks and rent dahmer instead. that serial killer movie is accurate and true. however, if you just have to see this movie for yourself, check it out for free at your local library and even then, you'll still feel cheated.

the case is the best part of the movie but it alone is not worth the purchase price. i expected a "based on the true story" movie only to find a shot on home video hodge-podge of poorly shot clips tied together with pathetic acting and non-related slaughter house scenes. the video scenes had numerous rewind situations which were used probably to extend the length of the feature rather than for effects. i started this review before i was even halfway through the movie and waited till it was over just in case it had a better ending but, low and behold it only got worse. if i could mark it any lower it would have been a negative ten. learn from my mistake and save your money and time with this one.

the past creeps up on a rehab-addict when he reconnects with his ill brother and a former girlfriend after what he hopes was his last stint in detox. "life's dramas", presented here in the most simplistic way imaginable (not even the writing has any bite or wit). the cast is made up of attractive looking actors smiling glumly at one another, and the music and photography are lugubrious (a couple of the visual effects are laughable, indie-cliché touches that reek of a puny budget). although written and directed by a man, this was produced by a woman, and i'm not sure but i think this may be a distinct reason why this picture about two men, estranged brothers growing closer, never quite gels, never feels natural or seems lived in. it's an attempt to get inside a male relationship, but the careful, sterile presentation is a cheat. no one's heart is in this, living, breathing, or bleeding this material. "the perfect son" is quickly diffused by too many cooks in the kitchen.

i'm starting to write this review during a break as i watch the movie. it's the first time i've tried doing that, but i'm having trouble getting through this one without occasional breaks. that's not because it's intense but because it's bad.it's almost painfully tedious and unbelievable, especially when the preternaturally robust dying brother ryan (colm feore) is on screen being tragic and bitchy, self-indulgent and self-pitying. this would have been a much better movie if they'd just left that character out of the story.he adds nothing but mawkish, maudlin, very irritating melodrama. maybe somebody decided that if they couldn't make ryan believable they'd just make him obnoxious. the problem with that is: who cares if a spoiled, whining, obnoxious jerk is dying? not me.the only thing this character has going for him is the fact that he's dying, and sorry, but that's just not enough. dying doesn't make anybody special. we're all dying, sooner or later. it doesn't give anybody the right to expect sympathy while acting like a jerk.the other two characters, and the actors playing them (david cubitt as theo and chandra west as sarah), are very much more interesting, and their story, without ryan's self-pitying interruptions, would have made a much better movie. but it's not over yet, and it's time to hit play again. maybe something great happens before the end....nope. sorry. this rented turkey goes back tonight!

ursula andress' naked body is one of those things that make you believe in god. the other two women (especially the one who plays the maid) have great bodies as well. then why is the higher grade that i can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only 3 out of 10? because, to get to ursula's unbelievable body, we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring (keep in mind that i watched the full 101-minute version, not the 78-minute american one which probably cuts out a lot of the extraneous material). in typical italian-comedy tradition, most of the characters are exaggerated caricatures (the army freak, the "latin lover", the constant drunk, the naive maid) that are not funny, simply overacted. final word: watch this, but keep your finger on the fast-forward button, you're gonna need it. (*)

what was this supposed to be? a remake of fisher king? why do we care about sandler's character? what a slow, dreary, boring, who-gives-a-damn-about-these-people movie!!! just simply painful to sit through, i turned it off before it was over. it's so obvious that cheadle needs help as much as sandler; like i said: can you say "fisher king"? and how does this psychotic character function in his daily life? we aren't supposed to think that deeply, i guess. why does cheadle continue to give sandler a chance to turn violent on him? if they were such good friends, how did they grow apart? if cheadle is so in control, why does he keep seeking the advice of the shrink on the street? we are never told. that's why fisher king was a better film on so many levels and why this just sucks. nearly 8 out of 10 average score? i don't agree. at all. even the top films are lucky to get such a high average rating, and this crap doesn't deserve to be in the same universe with them.

i admit the problem i have with the much-celebrated ealing films i've seen so far could be mine. to my taste, either they are black and rippingly funny, or so light in tone to be unsatisfying as comedies or stories. that's a self-important way of saying i wanted to like "the man in the white suit" but found myself struggling to sit through its short run time.textile worker sidney stratton (alec guinness) may be meek in manner, but he is doggedly committed to progress in the form of his attempts to invent a strand of fabric that can't be broken or made dirty. using a factory lab for his latest experiment, he toils against limitations both material and human - the latter being the benighted mill bosses who don't understand what he is up to, then figure it out and become even more committed to stopping him."it's small minds like yours that stand in the way of progress," sidney complains, practicing in the mirror what he struggles to say to the man.one problem with "man in the white suit" is that sidney's vision of progress is awfully small-minded, too, more so even than that of the bosses or the laborers who also resent his work. my problem is more elemental: for a comedy, "white suit" is not funny. it's a rather earnest script which too often tries to mine its feeble attempts at humor from spit-takes, double-takes, triple-takes, and dizzy takes.the best joke is the sound of the machine sidney toils at, going "bleep-blop-bleep-bop" endlessly and fetching queer looks from every visitor until sidney either extracts his miracle from it or blows it up trying. like every other bit of stray humor that functions decently in this film, it's leaned on too long.i've never seen guinness less affecting in a movie, even though he looks impossibly young and earnest (though actually in his mid-30s). he seems so bloodless, even more so than the wax-faced general he played in "doctor zhivago" he's the same cold fish whether he's ignoring the sad affections of the affecting mill girl who offers to give him her life savings when he loses his job (pan-faced vida hope as bertha) or the more sultry charms of young daphne birnley (joan greenwood), his one real ally in his fight against "shabbiness and dirt", as she puts it, making those words sound as impossibly sexy as only greenwood could.supporting players make "white suit" work as well as it does. ernest thesinger of "bride of frankenstein" fame plays a singularly nasty captain of industry who looks like nosferatu and makes a laugh like a death rattle. howard marion-crawford as another factory leader is as memorable here as he was playing a blinkered medical officer in "lawrence of arabia". then there's the undeniable charm of mandy miller as a little girl who steals her few moments on camera right from under everyone else.but most of the scenes are played so straight that one wouldn't think director alexander mackendrick had ever worked on a comedy before (his previous ealing comedy "whisky galore" doesn't reverse that impression, alas). roger macdougall's play posits the notion of scientific progress as potential disaster, but fails to present dull sidney in anything other than the most blandly pleasant of lights.ealing comedies are remembered for capturing the human side of comedy. yet the ealings i've seen never seem to do this, working only when they play aggressively against our own sympathies. "kind hearts and coronets" and "the ladykillers" (mackendrick again, go figure) are classics this way. "white suit", on the other hand, is a pointless ramble that falls apart when it should cohere, just like that unfortunate suit.

the premise of this movie is revealed on the dvd box. a textile worker develops a miracle fabric that doesn't degrade. but the movie fails to get on with it. instead it pads for 45 minutes, noodling around a preamble before he makes the big discovery. since audiences don't benefit much from seeing a whiz kid figuring things out, it's a strange choice: the movie has successfully been prevented from engaging any topic. once the fabric is discovered, the movie too rapidly establishes that both industry bigwigs, and blue-collar co-workers want the invention squelched, leaving the movie with just two flimsy movements; inventing the chemical, and running from oppressors.i can't understand why anyone would describe this as comedy. the tone isn't funny or comical. it's more like serious social criticism of the day: that capitalism warps both supply chains and production. which in turn prevents innovation from reaching and improving the world. yes, that's probably true, but without some toying with an attitude towards that fact, the movie is simply an earnest argument. you'll need an extremely broad definition of comedy to find any here.this is more like a british meet john doe (meet nigel doe ?).

i couldn't bear to sit through he entire movie. do families like this really exist somewhere? there have been many comments describing this family as akin to llbean models and such, and i think that that is a great description of how they behaved.more absurdly unbelievable writing/acting occurs as we meet a character referred to in high school as "pigface" who, of course, has grown into a drop-dead gorgeous 20-year harvard-educated plastic surgeon (but only to do good in the world-not for the money,) and she beds steve carrel on the first date. that's when i quit watching...if you can completely suspend your disbelief for two hours, then perhaps you'll enjoy this sentimental, self-indulgent waste of time.

there's little to get excited about "dan in real life". first off, the whole setup is incredibly contrived. did you really believe that during that very long first meeting conversation at the restaurant, marie wouldn't have told dan where she was going? and since dan did all the talking during that conversation, why would she be so attracted to him? for that matter, i never figured out why marie was so attracted to dan throughout the movie. he's very narcissistic and does little to convince us that he's truly a good guy (for example he lies to marie in the bookstore, ridicules his brother about his past girlfriends and tries to make marie jealous with a 'blind date'). there's more contrivance such as that ridiculous scene at the bowling alley where dan and marie are caught making out by the whole family. yeah like that could really happen. dan in real life is slow-paced, sappy and manipulative. even chick flicks like the jane austen book club get higher marks than this predictable "tearjerker".

i actually saw china o'brien ii before i ever saw the original china o'brien. and i have to say that the first incarnation is actually worse. but: worse = funnier! and funnier = better. if you're a bad movie fan like i am, this is great material. if, however, you are looking for any sort of meaningful plot, acting ability, or movie-making skill, this is best avoided. the best part is how they filmed all the fighting sequences in stuttering fast-forward. hilariously bad. see it for a laugh, see it for mindless entertainment, but whatever you do, see it for free on tv.

cynthia rothrock,(china o'brien),"manhattan chase",2000, made this film enjoyable to watch and of course,e this cute petite gal burned up the screen with her artistic abilities and hot sexy body. china o'brien gets upset as a police officer and decides to call it quits and go back home to her hometown and get back to her roots and her dad, who is the local sheriff. her dad is getting older and the town has changed, gangsters have taken over the town and started to get the local women to start turning tricks and the city people were getting sick and tired of their town going to hell. well, you almost can guess what happens, and you are right, china o'brien fights back after great tragedy strikes her life. bad acting through out the picture, but cynthia rothrock brings this film to a wonderful conclusion.

i saw this film in its premier week in 1975. i was 13 years old and at that time i found it adequate and somewhat fun. i then came to discover the world of doc savage through the bantam novels of the old pulp magazine stories. i had no idea before any of this of the realm of doc, but i fast became one of the most avid doc savage fans you could ever meet. i read (and still own) all of the bantam books, i started going to comic book cons (along with star trek and doctor who and all manner of geeky fat kid events) and had a wonderful time with each adventure i took with doc and the original fab 5. philip jose farmer's book - the apocalyptic life of doc savage became a bit of a bible for me and to this day i have very fond feelings regarding my doc phase. in so saying i have to admit now years later that this film really missed the boat. it is a film that did not know what it wanted to be when it grew up. the screenplay was infantile and bore little resemblance to the pulp story. these stories from the 30's were short and if one looked at lester dent's (aka kenneth robeson) outline for writing them, they broke down into perfect 3 act dramas that screamed for screen treatment. one would have thought that with george pal and michael anderson at the helm, it would have turned out better. the spoof elements miss the target and the more serious moments almost get there, but then fall short. it is interesting to watch though in that they hired second-string character actors (guys that had really been only bit players and extras before this film) who all acquit themselves very well. paul gleason of course has gone on to be a fine utility player in all facets of entertainment and bill lucking is a television perennial. all the rest have fallen off the map sadly. i do wish to own a copy of this film as it is the only movie version of my hero, but i fear i will not watch it much as it is too painful. i would say 0 but i give it 2 out of 10 instead for some of the period art direction (doc's answering machine at the end was a nice touch) and the cast of 3rd stingers getting a moment in the sun.

i dug this out and watched it tonight. i honestly think it must be 20 years since the last time i saw it. i remember it being a seriously flawed film. i don't remember it being this bad!!!!!i am absolutely aghast that a project with this much potential should have been mistreated so reprehensibly. who am i to blame for this? the 2 guys who wrote (and i use that word loosely) the script? the casting directors who so terribly miscast at least 3 major characters in the story? (only 2 of them are among "the amazing 5".) the director, who clearly refused to take it seriously, and kept shoving awful music on top of bad writing & bad acting everywhere? (i liked the theme song-- but it should never have been used all the way throughout the entire film!) don black, who should be ashamed at some of the lyrics he wrote for that music?it figures that i should pull this out, less than a week after re-reading the comic-book adaptation. the first 15-20 minutes of the film more-or-less (really, less) parallel the first issue of the comic. as i watched it tonight, i kept wondering-- why was almost every single detail changed? doc showing up, then using his wrist-watch remote-control to open the safe, and the sniper's bullet missing him by 5 inches because the refractive glass, were just about the only things left the same. i mean, if you're gonna do an "adaptation", why in god's name change everything???once they leave doc's hq, virtually nothing is as it was in the comic (which, given roy thomas, i figure probably follows the book). i read somewhere they actually combined elements of 2 different novels into one movie. again-- why? i've heard it was changed because they weren't able to secure the kind of budget they wanted. i look at the film, and think... lack of money in no way explains what i saw on the screen!!you know, when people complain about joel schumacher, they should really take a look at this thing. the best thing i can say is, i think it would make a great double-feature with the 1966 batman feature-- and probably a great triple-bill with that and the 1980 flash gordon. all 3 films are "silly". maybe we can "blame" the 1966 film (and tv series) for this. some fans have complained over the years that adam west's batman ruined the image of comic-books in the minds of generations of non-comics fans. i think the same could be said for hollywood. i'm reminded of how many really, really bad films based on "classic" characters have been made over the years, especially (it seems to me) in the late 70's & early 80's. charlie chan, fu manchu, tarzan, buck rogers, flash gordon, the lone ranger-- all "murdered" by hollywood types who think, "oh, comic-books! so you know it's supposed to be stupid!" more like they're the "stupid" ones. what a waste of potential.let me say some good things... despite the script and the directing, ron ely is great. when i read a doc savage story, i don't think of the james bama paintings, i think of ely. bill lucking (who later was a regular on the a-team) is terrific. eldon quick (who i've seen somewhere else, but can't recall where) is terrific. paul gleason-- who i absolutely hated with a passion and a vengeance in the breakfast club ("teachers" like the one he played should be banned from ever teaching anywhere), may be the best of the "amazing 5" in the film. pamela hensley-- though her part was almost unrecognizable from the original story-- is terrific. before she let her hair down, i also realized she looked a hell of a lot like "ardala valmar" from those awful john calkins buck rogers strips i just read the other day. she's got a big nose like ardala-- only not quite as pronounced. the comics ardala actually looked more like the 1936 movie princess aura-- or cher. or maybe streisand. take yer pick. (ardala actually got plastic surgery in the george tuska strips-- after, she was stunning!)paul wexler, funny enough, i saw just last week in a get smart episode. i wonder if he was anything like the character he was supposed to be playing? i don't know, because that character sure wasn't in the movie the film takes its title from.

after having seen the movie the first question arising in my mind was: is this supposed to be irony or not? after reading a few comments about the character doc savage and the comic series, i knew this film was not meant to be ironic. so, the story tells us about an us-american super-doc saving a south american republic from evil. sounds like a typical story. but this one comes in such an unrealistic way that it becomes ridiculous. the mandatory end-fight shows the worst presentation of martial arts i have ever seen. the film might be interesting for low budget movie designers as a bad example.

doc savage: the man of bronze (1 outta 5 stars)dreadful, dreadful movie... based on the pulp magazine/paperback series by lester dent/kenneth robeson... about a super-heroic adventure hero in the '30s and his five assistants, all experts in some field of endeavor that allows them to combat evil. it was a pretty hokey series... but kinda fun to read when i was a teenager. i knew they made a movie version in the '70s, starring ron (tarzan) ely... but i never got a chance to see it. it never played in theaters where i lived and was never shown on tv. now that i have finally seen the film i can understand why. the plot and characters are never treated seriously... it's all kind of tongue-in-cheek and campy... kind of like the old batman tv series... only without the benefit of being funny... or having any visual flair. corny dialogue, cheesy special effects, dumb stereotypes, crummy action scenes and bad, bad acting. actually, i find it kind of fascinating in its badness... what could they have possibly been thinking? arnold schwarzenegger was rumoured to be starring in a modern-day remake... but i don't imagine that would have turned out to be much better.

fantastically putrid. i don't mean to imply above that only a few people should avoid "doc savage." almost every demographic group would be bored by this trivial, tv-movie-quality production. it's a little like the 60's "batman" tv series, except it's not funny. even accidentally. you're better off taking a nap.

doc savage: the man of bronze is a horrible movie. poorly scripted, over-acted, and just plain silly. that being said... it is actually an enjoyable movie on some level. this movie begs to be watched in a group with an ample supply of cheap beer. it's one of those movies like "santa claus conquers the martians" or "yor, the hunter from the future"... so bad it is almost good. if you have the right group of people this movie is a blast to watch. it's campy. it's fun. it has a theme by sousa. if you're looking for a good movie though, look elsewhere. 3/10.btw, i've heard rumors some studio is exploring the possibility of a remake...

after watergate, vietnam and the dark days of the nixon and jimmy carter eras, what the world needed was a good old-fashioned chapter-play hero taking on venomous serpents and evildoers in the america of 1936 or the jungles of south america in a series of fantastic cliffhanging adventures. unfortunately what it got in 1975 was doc savage, the man of bronze. perhaps the best that can be said of legendary producer george pal's final film is that his often beautifully designed but sadly flat adaptation of kenneth robeson's pulp-paperback novels probably had george lucas and phil kaufman leaving the theatre and saying to each other "we can do better than that," and adding a bullwhip, a battered fedora and some much needed character flaws to the mix.a big part of the problem is that doc savage is in many ways even harder to write for than superman  explorer, adventurer, philanthropist, a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronzed bleach-blonde bulletproof muscle-bound body of a greek god (or rather the form of tv's tarzan, ron ely, a rather dull charlton heston clone here), there's simply nothing he can't do and, more damagingly, nothing that can harm him. the man is the virtual incarnation of hitler's aryan ubermensch (no surprise that the dvd is only available in germany!), albeit with all-american values. and just in case there should ever be anything he's overlooked (not that there ever is) he has not one but five sidekicks in his entourage, the (less than) fabulous five. a chemist, an electrician and even an archaeologist i can accept, and at a stretch i could possibly even go as far as to see the possible need for a construction engineer, but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer with him on his adventures? in reality doc's brain trust were probably added because with the hero so tiresomely invulnerable and practically perfect in every way  even kryptonite wouldn't put a dent in him - there needed to be someone at risk in the stories, though with the exception of paul gleason they're all so horribly badly cast and overplayed (as are most parts in the film) you'd happily kill them all off during the opening titles. the villains fare no better, with paul wexler exuding all the menace of a geography teacher as captain seas, scott walker (no, a different one) delivering one of cinema's worst accents (is it meant to be scottish, irish, welsh, greek, pakistani or some nationality no-one has ever heard of?) while robyn hilton's marilyn monroe-ish dumb blonde moll gives paris (no relation) a run for her money in the untalented bimbo stakes.even with those drawbacks, this should have been much better than it is considering the various ingredients  lost tribes, a pool of gold, a dogfight with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes alive, all wrapped up in a quest to discover why doc's father was murdered. unfortunately it's a question of tone: in the 60s and 70s pulp superheroes weren't brooding figures prone to state-of-the-art action scenes and special effects but were treated as somewhat comical figures of low-budget camp fun with action scenes quickly knocked off on the cheap almost as an afterthought, the films aimed purely at the matinée market: you know, for kids. there have long been rumours that the original cut was more straight-faced  and certainly much of the camp value has been added in post-production, be it the colgate twinkle in doc's eye, the comical captions identifying various fighting styles in the final dust-up with captain seas or don black's gung-ho lyrics to john philip sousa's patriotic marches  but plenty was in the film to begin with. after all, it's hard to see how one of the villain's underlings making phone calls from a giant rocking crib was ever intended as anything other than a joke that falls flat, while doc's explanation to pamela hensley of why he never dates girls could be a scene written for adam west's batman. instead, the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional, such as doc displaying his sixth sense by, er, bobbing his adam's apple.perhaps an even bigger problem is that, while promising on paper, the action is handled in an almost relentlessly mundane fashion, be it chasing a native assassin on the rooftops of new york skyscrapers or escaping from a yacht full of bad guys. even the winning notion of animated glowing green snakes swirling through the air as they poison their victims fails to raise any enthusiasm from director michael anderson: having demonstrated their own invulnerability a couple of scenes earlier, doc manages to dispatch them with no more than a chair and an electric fan by simply pulling the curtains on them.still, aside from doc's various vehicles all stamped with his logo and looking more moulded plastic than bronze, the production design is often rather handsome even if it is very obviously l.a. standing in for new york while fred koenekamp's cinematography ensures the film often looks good despite the low budget. and it's good to see a superhero movie that doesn't spend most of its running time on an origin story, though one is left with the suspicion that doc sprang fully formed from the loins of zeus himself.it's a film i'd really like to like more, but it just feels like 100 minutes of lost opportunities. no wonder doc savage, the arch enemy of evil, the sequel so optimistically promised in the end credits, never happened.

i was fortunate enough to meet george pal (and still have my ds:tmob poster autographed by him) at a convention shortly after the release, and asked him why he chose to do the film "camp". before he could answer, two studio flacks intercepted and lectured me on how the studio "knew best" and how "no one will take such a film seriously". i had been reading the bantam reprints for a couple of years thanks to a friend (comicon attendees of the 1970s will recall blackhawk and his band? i was in a couple of years of that with him), and had higher hopes than what we got.the flacks insisted that no high adventure would ever be done seriously, and so doing 'camp' was the only way. several other fans jumped in on my side, with pal listening as best he could. at the end of the little event, pal came up to us and apologized, wishing he could have done more and better.star wars put the lie to the flacks, and a year after pal's death, spielberg and lucas proved that doc savage could have easily been the next major movie franchise...if it hadn't been for the flacks.tear out the memory or history of doc, and the film would have been worth a 6/10 rating as nothing more than a mindless popcorn seller.but destroying the legacy like that was no less an abomination than killing a baby in the crib.doc savage can still come to the screen, and survive the inevitable comparisons by the ill-informed to indiana jones, but it would have to be done in all seriousness and earnest to reclaim the glory that we should expect from the first american superhero.sidenotes: yes, there was a second script for archenemy of evil, and it's a lot more serious. yes, there was simultaneous footage shot, but mostly establishing shots and very little with actors. and, yes, there _is_ a one-sheet of ron ely leaping over a brick wall and blasting at something over his shoulder with a specially built bronze pistol. ely's wearing a duster over a button down white shirt with a bronze tie, and the words "doc savage: archenemy of evil...coming next summer!" postscript: if anyone knows who the studio flacks were that accompanied george pal in 1975 to san diego for the convention, smack the idiots up the side of the head and call them the idiots that they are. at the time, they were doing dorkknobs and fu manchu in stripes and baggy canvas pants, and carrying paramount portfolios.

this is the second british rank film to adapt the stories of sommerset maugham to film. all but one story from 'quartet' does not travel well into the contempory era; and the actors speech is decidedly "clipped", as only british pre-1950's actors delivery can be. in anycase 'trio' seems tighter and more filmic than the first film adaptation.one of the problems these two films can't overcome is that their source material was written 25-30 years prior to the films. consequently, by the 1950's maughm's (pre-war) popularist "small morality" storyteling seemed rather quaint, if not downright coy.

this snarky, homophobic thing was dated in 1976. it seems particularly mean-spirited now, filled with gay stereotypes, and characters that are meant to be laughed at, rather than with. redd foxx does his standard schtick, michael warren at least tries to bring humanity to a one dimensional character, and pearl--pearl what were you thinking--? pearl bailey deserves far better.

i have no idea as to which audience director george schlatter hoped to sell this comedy-of-ills. with redd foxx in the central role and enough pimpy outfits and polyester to carpet the entire 1970s, "norman" plays like a blaxploitation picture combined with any number of silly sitcom episodes involving comic misunderstandings, not to mention an elongated cameo by waylon flowers! based on a play by sam bobrick and ron clark, this tale of an estranged married couple (foxx and pearl bailey) learning the hard way that their son is secretly gay--and living with a mincing, prancing white homosexual--has enough limp-wristed jokes to shame any early episode of "three's company". bailey keeps her dignity, and foxx's sheer confusion is good for a couple of chuckles, but the rest of the performers are humiliated. * from ****

when ben (red foxx) discovers his wife beatrice (pearl bailey) has run off with his own brother, he rushes to his son norman (michael warren) to unload his tale of woe--only to discover that norman has a secret lover: the effeminate garson (dennis dugan.) needless to say, ben does not take it well, and numerous complications follow--including ben's attempt to get norman over being homosexual by fixing him up with a hooker (tammy dobson.) unfortunately, this description of the movie sounds a great deal more entertaining than the movie itself.originally written for the theatre by ron clark and sam bobrick, norman... is that you? was an absolute disaster on the new york stage. to give the play its due, i actually saw it staged in the 1970s as a community theatre production--and while no one would accuse it of being anything other than a shallow farce, the cast played so broadly and in such drop-dead manner that it proved quite amusing. it is a pity the cast of this film didn't do the same.this is an atrociously performed motion picture. red foxx, one of the most hilarious comics of the 20th century, is about as funny here as yesterday's wash, michael warren (who later appeared on the television series hill street blues to much better effect) competes with foxx to see who can give the worst performance, and pearl bailey is not far behind; truth be told, only dennis duggan, tammy dobson, and a cameo by wayland flowers have any spark--and sadly, that is only in comparison with the rest of the cast.not only is the film badly performed, it looks bad. according to film lore, this was the first big screen effort to be filmed in videotape, which was then transfered to celluloid for project purposes--and believe me, it shows. the film has the look of a bad 1970s sitcom right down to the painted skyline seen through the windows of norman and garson's apartment.some films are so bad that they become funny, but norman... is that you? isn't one of them. i can sum up my reaction to this film in two words: miss it. don't buy it, don't rent it, don't touch it with a ten foot pole. just back away slowly and then run like hell.gary f. taylor, aka gft, amazon reviewer

there's nothing amazing about 'the amazing mr williams'. part of this movie's problem is its lead actor melvyn douglas. he was a lousy actor and lazy with it. for most of his career, he allowed his good looks, a glib manner and (usually, but not in this movie) some fine scriptwriting to make up for his lack of acting ability. i disliked douglas as an actor before i knew anything about him as a person; i've learnt enough about him to know that i also despise his politics. i'll give melvyn douglas credit for one thing: his chromosomes did produce the incredibly talented and sexy actress illeana douglas.melvyn douglas made this movie right after the brilliant 'ninotchka' ... talk about a comedown! 'the amazing mr williams' is allegedly a comedy, but i never laughed. douglas plays a plainclothes detective on the homicide squad, named kenny williams. i never heard of a police detective named kenny, but if they called him kenneth williams ... well, what a carry-on. the whole city is in a panic because a serial killer is going about, killing women. no motive is given for this; he just likes to kill women. the mayor (jonathan hale, better than usual) calls williams on the carpet to account for his failure to catch the killer.spoilers approaching. the cheap, vulgar, untalented and unattractive joan blondell plays the mayor's secretary. (she doesn't sound literate enough to file a letter, much less type one.) blondell and douglas squabble like a cat and a dog, so it's blatantly obvious they're going to end up together.at this movie's lowest point, melvyn douglas decides to draw out the killer by dressing up as a woman. you do not want to see melvyn douglas in drag! he's well over six foot, and he doesn't even shave off that annoying moustache. the similarly-'tashed william powell was an actor very similar in type to melvyn douglas (but much more talented). when powell disguised himself as a woman in 'love crazy', he had the integrity to shave off his moustache: a genuine sacrifice, as powell needed it to grow in again for his next role. but melvyn douglas brings nothing whatever to his role in this movie, not even a razor. he plays his drag scenes with the same annoying smirk he used throughout the bulk of his career.on the plus side, 'the amazing mr williams' has several of those splendid supporting players who made hollywood's movies of the '30s so delightful. edward brophy is brilliant here, touching and funny as a criminal who gets an unlikely furlough from his life sentence. the dyspeptic donald macbride is fine as a cop who gets mistaken for the killer, and is nearly lynched by a mob. ruth donnelly is splendid: as usual for her, but here she gets a chance to show her talents away from her usual orbit on the warner brothers backlot. jimmy conlin, luis alberni and the grinning dave willock are all fine in small roles. barbara pepper (whom i usually dislike) is good here too. the grossly unpleasant maude eburne gets some screen time; i always loathe her, and she gives the same performance in every film ... but some audiences enjoy eburne's one-note performance very much, for reasons i can't fathom.if you're familiar with hollywood character actors of the 1930s, and the roles they tended to play, one glance at imdb's cast list will tell you who the murderer is. that's the problem with 'the amazing mr wiliams': everything is too obvious. i'll rate this movie 2 points out of 10.

it's a real challenge to make a movie about a baby being devoured by wild canines and the mother being wrongly accused of murder funny but against all odds this one succeeds. meryl streep gives the performance of her life, melodramatic, overwrought but with that comic genius that keeps you laughing even as a mother struggles with the ultimate horror.if comedies about the infants being eaten by dogs are not your cup of tea you might be uncomfortable watching this and, yes, it is an odd choice of topic for a farce but really very little of the movie has anything to do with that as it focuses on giving streep a showcase for her aussie accent and facial contortions. throwing in a slam at media bias and sensationalism and disregard for either the truth or ethics gives the movie the chance to make the daring point that those things are bad.

except for the acting of meryl streep, which is of note as always, i'd avoid this film because it has a dated "movie of the week" quality about it. but it is worth watching if you keep the several understories in mind: how a couple endures media scrutiny, and how the different are treated.throughout the movie the issue is the credibility of the different. australians are different than "us" (most of the rest of the world), so we (most of us) automatically come at it with an air of "oddness" about them. the couple involved is religious (different than most of culture) and adventists (different) at that. so their lifestyle and mindset are suspect to begin with. dingos are different animals than other dogs, so again we're faced with oddness questions. the real story, then, is how society (and the world) treats the different, those who have different accents, different beliefs, than we do and how we treat what they say as suspect.it's difficult to hear the phrase "a dingo took my baby!" without laughing and there are humorous posts, sadly, all over the web about it. but in the years that followed the story and the movie it has been discovered (as you'll find in web searches) that much larger children have been stalked by dingos. research by experts in dingos have shown that it was not only possible but most probable that the baby was taken by dingos (maybe a pair), extracted expertly from the clothing and eaten within moments without a trace.yet what is left behind is the question of why people defended dingos when they were found to be endangering children rather than killing the dingo to save the children, why because a woman's affect (expression) is so cold she is assumed to be guilty, and on and on.haunting questions, with or without the film.

it is enjoyable and fast-paced. there is no way on earth that the actor playing mat could be eighteen. however, the main thing is that he does act eighteen very convincingly. it must be a credit to his audition that he convinced them to cast him. i quite soon accepted him as being a naive young country boy.while his was the best performance, most of the others were also very engaging. in particular, the interplay between the policemen was natural and well-balanced, and worked very well.it is only about 45 minutes long, so the plot is not complex. more key is the style of the whole thing. it is very slick and vibrant, and the backdrops are atmospheric, especially from the fact that all the colours are extremely rich. the gangland is identifiable to foreign audiences, but still manages to be distinctly australian.

well, sorry for the mistake on the one line summary.......run people, run!! this movie is an horror!! imagine! gary busey in another low budget movie, with an incredibly bad scenario...isn't that a nightmare? no (well yes), it is plato's run...........i give it * out of *****.

i'll say one thing about this film: there are no lulls. you can't get bored watching this. the problem is that it is too intense. there is too much action and it needs lulls! that is the risk you take in modern action films. you want it interesting but not overdone. this is way overdone.even though the acting is fine and features a couple of "names" in gary busey and roy scheider, it still has the feel of a "b" film. the best part of it is scheider's dialog: the only "a" part of this "b" film.the rest of the story is strictly rambo mentality but did have a few standout scenes. one in particular was a very innovative scene featuring land mines. that was memorable. not enough of the other scenes were to make this a keeper for long.

the dukes of hazzard is quite an achievement  a $53m film that's worse than any given episode of a downmarket 25-year old tv show. the plot is serviceable enough but the mindless fun is rarely to be found and the casting is pretty atrocious: johnny knoxville is more passenger than protagonist, m.c. gainey's sheriff roscoe is a bland thug, michael weston's enos tiresome, a seemingly ideally-cast willie nelson just seems to be waiting for the check to clear and burt reynolds, stuck in some purgatory where he's doomed to relive his old movies as a bit player, is a curious choice for boss hogg to say the least but does have one good moment with a heckler and a hundred dollar bill. you know a film is in trouble when seann william scott and jessica simpson are the most charismatic screen presences but worse than the script or the casting is jay chandrasekhar's hopeless direction: seemingly born with no conception of comic timing, unable to do much more than basic two-shots and seemingly clueless as to how to shoot a car chase let alone the couple of decent stunts in the film, he seems determined to sap the film of any signs of life before they materialise. there are a couple of neat post-modern moments revolving around the confederate flag and daisy's stereotypical role in every episode, but no film that makes you pine for the days when hal needham was directing this sort of thing (and badly) can be a good thing.

once again, like charlie's angels, inspector gadget and thunderbirds, a tv series is turned into a full length film and gets ruined for all the hundreds of people that watched. basically the duke cousins, luke (johnny knoxville) and bo (seann william scott) in hazzard county, spend a lot of time driving very fast in "the general lee". but they need to get their act together and stop their family farm being destroyed along with almost the whole town by nasty jefferson davis 'boss' hogg (razzie nominated burt reynolds) to make way for a huge coal mine. they get help along the way from their sexy cousin daisy (razzie nominated jessica simpson) and uncle jesse (willie nelson), while being chased by equally mean sheriff rosco p. coltrane (lost's m.c. gainey) and the police. also starring joe don baker as governor jim applewhite, jack polick as deputy cletus hogg, david koechner as cooter davenport, michael weston as deputy enos strate and lynda carter as pauline. i think the only reason i give the film an extra star is because of a couple of impressive car stunts, and of course the gorgeous body of simpson (i'll admit her legs aren't quite catherine bach, but still!), but besides that it is pretty boring. it was nominated the razzies for worst picture, worst director for jay chandrasekhar, worst remake or sequel, worst screen couple for simpson & her "daisy dukes" and worst screenplay. pretty poor!

do not watch this movie if you loved the classics such as tom wopat, john schneider, catherine bach, sorrell booke, james best, denver pyle, sonny shroyer, and ben jones! this movie will dissappoint you badly! first of all, this movie starts out with bo and luke running moonshine for jesse. bo and luke would not do that ever on the real series! this movie portrays unimaginable characters doing things that never would have happened in the series. in the series, uncle jesse was honest, and law-abiding. in this movie, he is a criminal who is making moonshine and smoking weed with the governor of georgia. plus, if this was an extension adding on to the dukes of hazzard reunion! and the dukes of hazzard in hollywood, i have one question: how could uncle jesse be making moonshine when he died before the dukes of hazzard in hollywood movie? and how is boss hogg alive when he died before the reunion movie in 1997! movie and rosco ran hazzard? it seems magical that these characters came back to life, when they have been dead for 11 and 8 years? if hollywood really wanted to make a good movie, they should have brought back james best, john schneider, tom wopat, ben jones, and catherine bach like they did in 1997 and 2000 and made a family friendly movie with the living original characters that made the show what it was and still is compared to this disgusting, disgraced movie! if you want to see good dukes movies, either buy the original series, or go out to walmart.com and buy the dvd set of 2 that includes the reunion, and dukes of hazzard in hollywood movies! they both star the original cast, and are family friendly! don't waste your time on a movie that isn't worth the cd it's written on!

the 1980s tv show, updated with fresh female flesh, and raunchy language. "the dukes of hazzard" passed me by; it was not repeated whenever i was in front of the television in either new york or california; or, i probably would have watched. still, from somewhere (like the clips accompanying this film's updated 2005 release), i knew it was about a fast, orange dodge charger - and, the "general lee" is still good to go. hunky cousins seann william scott and johnny knoxville (as bo and luke duke) are the new riders of the orange sage. beautiful jessica simpson (as daisy) fills her skimpy short well - but, even her arousing pink bikini can't beat off the competition from a dormitory full of bouncing, topless coeds. the too stupid plot involves a graying burt reynolds (as "boss" hogg) threatening to turn hazzard county into a strip-mine.** the dukes of hazzard (7/27/05) jay chandrasekhar ~ seann william scott, johnny knoxville, jessica simpson, burt reynolds

if you ever watched the dukes of hazard you know that you never had to worry about drugs or cussing or crude behavior being seen by young children. if you've seen the movie you know that is no longer the case! this movie was horrible! main characters doing drugs and thinking it is funny and cool is certainly not what i call entertainment. they took a wonderful show and just turned it into trash. daisy who was a little flirtatious in the original show now looks and acts like she belongs on the street corner getting paid for her services. i was so excited about seeing this movie before it came out, 15 minutes into the movie i was ready to leave. i stayed thinking it had to get better but instead it got worse by the minute. i wish i had never seen this movie. it trashed a good show and left nothing but horrible taste in my mouth when i left. do yourself a favor, go see something worth your money, cause it's not only a waste of money but a waste of 2 hours of your life you will never get back!

i have to say many people have argued that some of us need to get with the times cause the new "dukes" movie is a modernized version. oh please. if this is what you consider modernized then hollywood can keep it. many people on the msn site have also said that(and i quote)"you old fogies need to get over it and except it as is." well let me tell you something, i am 24 so i am a long way from being and old fogie, and i won't get over it, it was a disgrace to all that is hazzard county. the only thing right in the movie title was "hazzard." was all the profanity, smoking, and drinking really necessary. the cast was terrible. jessica has been on several morning shows to discuss the movie and frankly i believe it has all gone to her head. she is in no way a daisy duke, a fluke maybe, but definitely no duke. i love sean williams scott, but not as bo. they should have included the original cast as at least cameos, but even hollywood knew they wouldn't approve of the script. i mean come on people even todays actors and actresses are voicing a negative opinion so why are some of you giving positive remarks.

oh geez... there are so many other films i want to see out there... i got stuck with my nephew for the weekend and this is what he wanted - yeah...i used to watch this show when i was in college...it was mindless, kinda fun, and somewhat action-oriented. the show had a good heart tho...and the characters were cute; no one ever got killed or even hurt badly... it was like a cartoon come to life. cut to 2005...what happened? this one doesn't work. as others have said, there simply isn't a cohesive story and the performances are weird...almost annoying - definitely not faithful to the original characters...the whole thing is a like a mad tv skit and it lasts over 100 minutes! this was one of the few times i've been embarrassed watching a film. what were they thinking? as best i can tell, must've been for the product marketing, toys, etc. all i can say is, let this one die a quick death. it makes the original dukes of hazzard seem like masterpiece theater...i think the only remake left to do from tv is gilligan's island... good luck!

i wont go and give them my 10 bucks i went and bought the fourth season of the original and the best. at least my kids enjoy it and can watch it without me worrying about what they are seeing. i have a teenager and she thinks the previews are ridiculous and would rather watch the original. and she thinks jessica simpson is a horrible daisy in fact she thinks she looks more like a slut than daisy duke. those shorts she might as well not be wearing anything at all. and since when is american pie have anything to do with the dukes shame on them for putting that nasty line in there about having sex with a car. that in itself should have gotten the movie a r rating. the only good thing that might come out of this is a reunion movie with the originals. lets all hope. so the people out there that went and seen the movie will see how it should have looked

i had suspicions the movie was going to be bad. i'm a duke's fan from way back. have three years of the tv series on dvd. well i was right. took the family to see it. i really wanted to see the general jump again and some of the chase jump scenes were good. but to sum it up, the movie was a dumbed down tarted up version of the tv show.jessica simpson was pathetic. while i can honestly say that the original daisy's outfits were just as revealing, jessica simpson's interpretation of daisy was simply awful. sorrel booke and denver pyle must be rolling in their graves as well.don't waste your money. if you are an old tried and true dukes fan like me and my three kids are you will be very disappointed.

the dukes of hazzard will academy awards!! best actor and actress 4 the persons who can say with a straight face that this was a great movie.this "movie" was a torture to watch. so sad how an weekly half hour entertainment was destroyed by these amateurs.the only good thing about this crap was the car! i remember when daisy was a real threat to look 4ward 2. who's the moron that decided that jessica simpson is hot?! we know she can't act but come on. in the tv show daisy was a fox and brunette.all members who contributed in these waste of time please please please don't even think about makin a sequel, a prequel or anything that's got 2 do with a former tv show.i gave a empty dvd so this "movie" could be burned 4 me. i sat trough it and i want my money back!

ok we all love the daisy dukes, but what is up with this cast. lets start, jessica simpson as daisy, there is not one thing country about this girl and daisy was not ditzy! uncle jesse was probably the closest one to resemble the original. no offense to burt, but i never noticed boss hog being so tall. that was part of the humor of boss hog was his size. did they even try someone like danny devito?!? ok , now get this they cast jessica simpson did anyone take a look at her husband? he matches luke duke to a tee!!!!!! cleary these producers did not look at the appearance of the old cast members. the screen t's were never present on the dukes!! this made the movie a turn off from the beginning. i give this a huge thumbs down.

have i seen a worse movie? perhaps only "manos: the hands of fate" dragged more than "dukes". i had more fun poking at the gigantic plot holes than the movie gave me at any point. let's touch on a few...there was a noticeable script death and rebirth when sheev is talking to the dukes and they don't respond. he shrugs and moves on, since neither the knoxville or scott know what he's talking about (nor do we). it was like the engine died and was restarted.the few times the general lee flew through the air weren't even that exciting. nothing i haven't seen on the tv series.very little chemistry between knoxville and scott. the best part was when bo is upset at luke for stealing the girl he liked. the only reason this works is that the script actually forshadowed it (although roughly). the rest of the time it seems distant and forced.seann william scott's awful, horrendous accent (or lack thereof).i hated willie nelson's performance. were bad jokes supposed to be endearing? i wanted him to disappear.jessica simpson comes across splendidly on the big screen. she actually felt like one of the better actors in the film. that's telling you how horrible this movie is. she's a goddess.during the climax of the film, i was rooting for boss hogg and the bad guys to flatten all of hazzard county, starting with willie nelson and his accomplices. a nuclear bomb would have sufficed.this is not meant to be a coherent dismantling of the film, but a release of frustration at the abysmal writing and execution of what could have been a truly heartwarming film.if only we could erase and start over...

when a movie like "the dukes of hazzard" brings in over $75 million it makes some incredibly sad statements about the condition of our own society. either we are collectively too stupid to stay away from trash like this or maybe i'm just not realizing how many people this kind of no-effort trash will appeal to.hollywood has had no incentive to make good movies since if it puts out trash then people will see it anyways since there is nothing else on screen. this is that. i walked out despite getting a free movie pass. the dialogue could not be dumber. the stunts could not be more over-the-top and outrageous. perhaps this "bigger that big" image appeals to texans but it didn't appeal to me nor anyone else in the theater. none of the "big names" were in this career-ending flick, except for burt reynolds, which says all you need to hear. jessica simpson -- don't make me laugh.i wouldn't even recommend this film for video, even if you were desperate. this was all about fooling the public to make enough money after opening day to equal or do better than it cost through marketing. they did despite the public being forewarned. stupidity abound.

i don't understand why making remakes has become the trend. every remake i have ever seen is awful, and this is no exception. if any of you have seen the quote from ben jones, that it is a "sleazy" piece of trash, he is quite right. why they would take a wonderful television show, which i loved, have never missed an episode, and own seasons 1-4 on dvd, and ruin it, i'll never know. the television show was a family show, and although daisy has the body, it was really flaunted, or even addressed in the show, save the outfits. a family show has been turned in to a dirty piece of garbage, and i wouldn't recommend anyone go see it. another thing i didn't like was that john schneider and tom wopat are excellent actors (along with the rest of the original cast), and they are also extremely cute. the new bo and luke are not even a little cute. that was one of the drawers for the show. the casting is terrible. they could have at least gotten a brunette for daisy. i don't think burt reynolds is a qualified boss hogg, either. every other role he has ever played is totally opposite this role. the only role they cast halfway decent is willie nelson as uncle jesse, but still it is no comparison. denver pyle is an actor all his own, and that made him perfect for the role. i think that the casting is awful, the story is awful, and all in all ruined a wonderful show and turned it into a dirty, terrible movie. i wouldn't recommend anyone go see it. i only saw it out of curiosity, plus there was a free ticket in season 4 dvd. i would never have paid to see this movie, but it was free. don't pay to see this movie.

if this movie should be renamed, it should be "the jackasses of hazzard." to sum it up, this movie is nothing but 88 minutes of two immature country punks joyriding the famed 1968 dodge charger around town and in the country, chasing the girls and eluding the law.i have been a fan of the "dukes" and what tarnishes the movie is the characters are out of key. the overindulgence of profanity, sexual references, and drug use, has made the good name of the "dukes" into trailer trash.side from comparing it to the television show, the acting was horrible. the only actor that got it right was the famed 1969 dodge charger named general lee. the others have exaggerated the character's role which tarnished the movie.the "dukes" have been another casualty of the 21-st century hollywood television-to-big screen transition tragedy. skip this movie and just buy the television series on dvd.my grade: f

hollywood now has officially gone too far and i really hope that this travesty of a motion picture creates a genuine backlash against their crap machines, in spite of the good box office returns. if you are an industry person reading our comments looking for hints on what to do next, stop. stop making our tv shows into these repellent, stupid, money grubbing waste of time movies that suck. by doing so you are proving one thing: hollywood is out of ideas, and going to see the movies they churn out only perpetuates the cycle of disgust. what's next -- you guys gonna go & ruin the bionic man??the film is just plain wrong, and manages to get the most stupid, simple fact of the show totally incorrect by forgetting (or ignoring) that tom wopat & john schneider's bo & luke duke were *reformed* moonshiners. they had been busted, learned their lesson, gone straight, and were there to help people and be good neighbors who just happened to shoot dynamite tipped arrows from hunting bows & drive like steve mcqueen. denver pyle's uncle jessie was also the moral center of the family, always insisting that the boys do good, even at their own expense or embarrassment while he made sandwiches and coffee for when the chores were done. they always did the right thing and had a sort of earnest naiveté about them that was quite appealing. we wanted to be more like them than we were, sorta. my favorite gimmick from the show was how they always buckled their seat belts before roaring off, which was apparently too moral for this film.by transforming the duke family into a pack of leering, wisecracking, criminally minded, redneck baiting, misogynistic losers the movie has no moral standpoint, where the show was all about how honest or incorruptible the dukes were -- are the duke boys in this movie supposed to come off as good guys? i wanted to punch them both in the nose. they seem to have a lot of free time on their hands that could be spent doing chores back at the farm and end up pursuing less than noble ends, if not acting like a pair of 14 year old boys who haven't grown up. there should be no marijuana use, no gawking at buxom, nubile coeds & their breasts, no shenanigans involving the brothers in da hood. all of it looks like the work of a marketing consultant who took a poll at the mall of what 14 year old boys like to see in movies. the problem being that 14 year old boys cannot possibly remember the show, imho shouldn't be seeing this movie either, and the parents who might feel nostalgia for the show will be disgusted by what the writers, director & producers did to our collective memories just to part us from our money, which is exactly how i feel. what were they thinking???and boy did they *ever* get daisy wrong. jessica simpson all dolled up like a pamela anderson mall slut may be the only reason for anyone to see this disgrace, but you can service your needs just fine downloading some promotional stills of her, printing them up & pinning them to the wall in a restroom. she is hardly in the film at all (which is the movie's only saving grace), and the ten minutes or so they used her was still excessive. catherine bach's daisy may have had the same kind of shorts, and long legs that make people feel funny just looking at her, but the daisy she played was a *person*. the pratfalls she elicited by simply being who she was had an almost natural ring to it. she remains one of the most outrageously sexy pop culture icons ever created but there was somebody at home. and most importantly she was a sweet, caring person who couldn't help it if the guys went ga ga over her.by contrast, jessica simpson appears phony, contrived, made up, costumed, posed, aloof, bored, out of place, and i don't think she even looks that great in the outfit. she doesn't look like a person but a plot device, conjured up during a deal with someone representing her agent. ms. simpson would be well advised to fire that person immediately and pretend like the whole thing never even happened. whatever the joke was, she isn't in on it and is disgracefully exploited for t&a. if that's all she wants from her career, executive produce the sequel if only to ensure yourself enough screen time at least, because this effort was just pathetic.the bottom line is skip it. for the cost of two tickets and a slurpee to go you can pick up one of warner bros. excellent box set collections of the original shows on dvd and the entire family can watch them together. that was why it worked. the only real purpose i can see in the film might be it's future use as an interrogation tool at guantanamo bay. twenty minutes of this & they'll be singing a choir.1/10, and i mean it. and stay the hell away from the bionic man, you schnooks.

i'll tell you what happened, some people with money thought it would be nice to ruin one of the best shows that was on tv. did we really need a big screen re-make? did they ask the fans? i wonder how all the fans would feel if they did a remake of "rocky horror picture show" with actors like ashton krutcher, steve martin, britney spears, and kiefer southerland, took out all the music, and made it a drama. do you think they would like that! this movie does not have the same feel to it that the original had. sure the original was a bit corny at times, but bo and luke were always nice, they got into trouble because they were always set up to get into trouble, and their main objective was to help people that passed through town. none of that mattered to the people that made this film, they might have never even seen the original show all the way through. my big question is, what will they ruin next?

first: i bought it at the video store. second: i watched it. third: it was boring. fourth: it was not funny. fifth: most of the antics were lame. and last, but not least: it's not only a bad movie, it's a total fiasco.i am a huge adam sandler fan despite this disappointing and forgotten film. i pity it because it was his first movie. even if you are a huge adam sandler fan, don't bother watching this movie. instead, just take the video, board a yacht, and throw it overboard.

this movie sucked ! they took something from my childhood ,and raped it in an outhouse! this movie was so bad i wanted to go home and hold my "dukes" dvds and cry in a corner. the cast was terrible ! it wasn't "the dukes", it was stiffler and jackass driving a car. when was boss hogg evil? when was rosco a tough guy? they never were ! boss hogg was greedy and rosco was an idiot. when did jesse smoke pot? he never did ! now don't get me wrong,i'm very liberal and there's nothing wrong with a little chiba, but it had no place in this movie! the only thing good about this movie was the trailers before the movie and the end credits. it was a waste of money time and air. avoid at all costs!!!!!!!!

first let me say that i am not a dukes fan, but after this movie the series looked like law and order. the worst thing was the casting of roscoe and boss hogg. burt reynolds is not boss hogg, and even worse was m.c. gainey as roscoe, if they ever watched the show roscoe was not a hard ass cop. he was more a barney fife than the role he played in this movie.the movie is loaded with the usual errors, cars getting torn up, and continues like nothing happened. the worst example of this is when the the general gets together with billy prickett, and the general is ran into a dirt hill obviously slowing to a near stop, but goes on to win the race.

for this review,a list of good points and bad points.i'll start with the bad.bad points:the casting choices(especially burt reynolds as boss hogg),the acting of said badly chosen cast,the storyline,the idea of setting the film in the modern day,the direction,the editing,the soundtrack,and above all,the whole idea of making a feature film out of a television series that wasn't that great to start with,despite it's popularity.good points:jessica simpson in a red bikini............that's it!one might make an analogy here.in the scene where jessica simpson as daisy duke struts her way up to michael weston as enos,and asks the question,"enos,where's boss hogg and roscoe?",in his clouded judgment, tells her where they are.she might just as well have asked,"enos,is this a good movie?",the red bikini would have clouded his judgment into saying yes,even though in his right mind he would have said,"no, not really."as good as she looked in the bikini,she could have been stark naked,and even that would not have saved this horrible piece of film-making.stay out of hazzard!

i wanted to punch the tv. watching it was torture. i hated it. never watch this movie. the terrorists are annoying. adam sandler is annoying. i normally like him but not in this one. i wanted to break the dvd. this is the most irritating film in the world. the comedian he's jealous of is obnoxious. the only remotely funny part is the rocker with the black teeth getting all the girls. it was so irritating i wanted to punch the tv. do not buy this movie unless you want to annoy someone. if you even like adam sandler a little bit, don't buy it. it will just make you hate him. do yourself a favor, if you see it in the store, hide it to put everyone out of danger of buying it. its a waste of the $1.99 i paid for it.

i can say without a shadow of a doubt that going overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen, and yes, i have seen cujo. adam sandler is an abomination as schecky moskowitz, a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner. that's the plot. that's it! nothing else in the film makes sense, it's all over the place like a mad man's breakfast, and not in a wacky naked gun kind of way, but more of a frustrating, 'throw both shoes at the t.v' kind of way. even general noriega makes an appearance, for no reason i can comprehend (it certainly wasn't for humour). add to the mix miss australia, who has the worst australian accent i've ever heared, and you have something which i won't call the worst film ever made, because going overboard doesn't even fit the basic definition of a film. i highly recomend seeing this film, as it will elevate the standing of every bad film you ever see. i guarantee the first thing you'll say after seeing a bad film will be "at least it wasn't as bad as going overboard".

i will start this off by saying i couldn't get all the way through it. i picked it up on a rainy day from walmart like the rest of the reviewers on this site. i figured there wasn't any way i would regret my purchase. was i wrong or what? seriously now, who approved this project? they need to be forced to watch this movie over and over until the end of eternity. that's the only fitting punishment i can think of for releasing something this bad. the shooting reminds me of the movies i used to make for class projects on a big old vhs cam. the acting isnt much better. i think the only difference is that there are a few cool cameos. yay, who cares... shecky moskowitz is unfunny, and the ships comedian is an even bigger loser. that's about as much of the plot as i understood.overall it's the worst movie i've ever seen. i own it on dvd and have given it to many co-workers to watch. each comes back and laughs and says "wow i didnt think i'd ever say i shut off an adam sandler movie 15 minutes in...."my response is always "well now you can"

i remember when the golden child was released in 1986 it was universally panned by the critics , and i`m talking panned so badly that it more or less ended the glittering career of eddie murphy so i guess this movie has something going for itit gets off to a bad start where buddist monks kneel in front of a child with a blank expression on his face . bad guys enter the templechild sits with blank expressionbad guys chop up the monkschild sits with blank expressionbad guys pull out giant bird cage and stick the child inside who now sits with ... go on guess ? you do get the impression that even if they were taking him for a sleepover at michael jackson`s wonderland ranch he`d still give the same blank expression , this movie would be better titled the wooden childthe title sequence starts and being a movie from the 1980s a pop soundtrack features heavily . obviously this might have been cool and funky at the time but now in 2004 it seems very dated . not only that but it jars completely with the somewhat bloody opening . in fact that`s the main problem ( and boy it`s a serious one ) with this movie - the whole mood seems to change from scene to scene so much so that sometimes it`s like watching scenes from totally different movies spliced together . i blame the director personally but it should also be pointed out that both the screenwriter and producer should share equal blame too . did anyone know before shooting commenced what type of movie this was going to be ? it`s part fantasy , part martial arts , part buddy movie , part comedy and it`s all crap

bad movie for sure. it's such a ridiculous fantasy with a lot of poor special effects, a lot of hasty scenes (the airport one for example), and a real unfunny time. (charles dance) is awful as the evil guy and he is much better in (last action hero). (eddie murphy) is doing a non-comic joking, and i heard that this sunk had already succeed, big time success??!! i'll never understand why or how ?! in one tv interview i've heard (eddie murphy) himself, when he was nominated for an oscar 2007, regretted it in a comic way !! one of the comments said (hey...it's the 1980s !). well, no my friend. it's the cinematic foolishness which made a lot of razzie movies all over the years whether it's the 1980s or the 1950s ! there are 2 reasons made me write about this movie. the first is that i'll never forget the long tan fascinating legs of (charlotte lewis) especially when she was on bed before the bad guys attack her house, wearing just a blue shirt and oh boy the camera was versifying about her naked legs as it should be. but how odd ! as i've watched her in following movies and she wasn't that beautiful again ?!! anyhow the second reason is that i've found this movie's title lately at my list of the worst 100 movies ever!the bottom line: bad movie, greeeeeat legs.

michael jackson would have claimed a spot for the top-billed character in the golden child, and because he loves kids. that didn't work (and why should it?), so instead we have eddie murphy out to save the world by rescuing "kid midas". i would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor's inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy - adventure - comedy that's a step closer to ishtar. whatever murphy says or does can be best liked, but don't get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent; he doesn't belong in this movie, and the same went for dr. dolittle! the violence and visuals combined are reasons to stamp it as a cult camp classic, and that wouldn't have made any sense as hollywood and movie fanatics kept cashing in on the guy. speaking of visuals, they were pulled off amazingly well at the time of ronald reagan's presidential fame. murphy is far better at coming to america and 48 hrs, but this stale movie isn't my touch of golden honey for a sweet crunchy taste.

why is it that when a star reaches the top of the star chain, they ruin all the good work by making a bad movie? burt reynolds peaked, then started making dreadful hal needham car chase flicks. arnold schwarzenegger became the hottest property in hollywood, only to invite derision upon himself with the appalling last action hero. and here, loquacious eddie murphy erases memories of trading places and 48 hours with this "family" adventure flick, which is an unbelievably tedious, childish and generally plain awful misfire in which the chance to see charlotte lewis's great big breasts in a tight blouse is the most appealing aspect of the entire film.the story is pure humdrum. it concerns social worker murphy, contacted by mysterious types and told that he is the chosen one. chosen for what, i hear you ask. his job is to rescue a tibetan boy with mystical powers from a race of demons who want to rule the world. as the main demon, classy actor charles dance looks terribly embarrassed to be in the film, but hey, i'm sure he was well paid for sacrificing his talents. of all murphy's films, this is easily the worst. i've read some reviews which suggest that it is nice to see murphy in an atypical role, in a non formulaic kind of film, and while both points are loosely true there's no forgiving the fact that the film - however atypical and non formulaic it might be - is an absolute load of garbage.

just a dumb old movie. first stanwyck's son gets his foot trapped in a really dumb way, and then her husband gets his foot trapped in another really dumb way. in an effort to save him, stanwyck gets unlucky, yet again, and comes across an escaped convict. she has a chance to kill him but fails in a very dumb way. in the end her husband is saved, and stanwyck tells us through narration what the dumb message of the movie is. all's well than ends dumb.i could never figure out how an unattractive woman like stanwyck ever made it as a leading lady in hollywood's glamour-oriented golden era; that nose is so beautiful so photogenic the film is mercifully short, running a little over an hour. it's as though the director sensed that he was making crap, so he thought it best to keep the crap short.

awesomely improbable and foolish potboiler that at least has some redeeming, crisp location photography, but it's too unbelievable to generate much in the way of tension. i was kinda hoping that stanwyck wouldn't make it back in time because, really, she was saddled with the wet, in more ways than one, husband,and she had an idiot child as well..why not run off with meeker? but the nagging question remains..what sort of wood was that pier support made of if a rotten piece of it pulled off didn't float? stanwyck, always impeccably professional, does the best she could with the material but it's threadbare.

the truth is that a film based on a harold robbins novel is not going to win any awards. this is no exception. "the lonely lady" is a pure b picture in budget, cast and execution. technically, it looks like a made-for-tv film. the acting is very uneven. joseph cali is especially terrible. anthony holland is an embarrassment. as one reviewer said of a certain katherine hepburn performance, her range goes from a to b. ms zedora manages to get to g. the rest of the cast is solid (and wasted in their respective roles). lloyd bochner and bibi besch deserved better. still, the whole thing can be a great deal of fun in a trashy sort of way. as befits robbins, everything revolves around sex and nudity. if you're looking for some fun...and you're not too sober...this could be for you.

wow! only a movie this ludicrously awful could inspire the similar "showgirls." i mean where to begin? the indescibably horrid theme song? pia zadora's non-expressions throughout the movie? the fact that despite being set in los angeles, aka "land of the casting couch" every single man (and woman!) is fawning all over themselves to sleep with pia zadora, by any contrived means necessary? or what about the fact that every person in the movie is totally unsympathetic because they're either mind-numbingly stupid (pia) or obvious despicable sleazeball (everyone else)? and given that this flick was written by actual "screenwriters (sorta), it shows a shocking lack of understanding of the movie-making industry (who the hell would admire and kiss up to a screenwriter?)but it's (unintentionally) funny as hell though. the "breakdown" scene alone will have you giggling, and after seeing the climatic "i'm not the only one who had to **** her way to the top" scene at the "awards" (all done in the usual bargain-basement acting level we expect from such quality thespians as pia), i sincerely hope that our dear pia actually reused that speech when she "won" her golden globe. it's fitting and that would totally make my day.anyway, if you're a fan of bad, tashy camp, give this otherwise tacky movie a try.

this is absolutely the worst trash i have ever seen. when i saw it in the theater (arghhh!), it took 15 full minutes before i realized that what i was seeing was the feature, not a sick joke!

the super sexy b movie actress has another bit part as future "goodfellas" star ray liotta's girlfriend in this box office bomb. she plays marion, has only one line of dialog, well, one word of dialog actually. she shouts out "joe!" as ray's character is violating poor pia zadora with a plastic garden hose sprinkler. this movie is so bad though it becomes funny, hilarious at times. the guys at mystery science theater 3000 would love this! check out the hysterical scene at the end where pia has a nervous breakdown and all the cheesy editing and effects they do to try and show how badly pia's character is freaking out. pia plays an aspiring hollywood screenwriter in this. pia zadora as a screenwriter? yeah, right. pia can barely talk, let alone write! pia is utterly and absolutely miscast in this dumb role. but who cares? the real star is the hot and fresh glory annen in her bit part in this cat's opinion! rock on glory!

the wonderful "z" channel in los angeles showed this pia zadora film about six months or so after "butterfly". i had such high hopes for the actress, and then she goes from bad to obviously worse in this film.again, it was the 80's and i gotta tell you harold robbin's work had been eclipsed by smarter writers. jacqueline susann ripped into him (she hated his way of writing women), irwin shaw's work caught on with many women, and of course sidney sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70's early 80's and then came jackie collins who made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books, even more so. which is why this work smelt. harold robbin's work in the 80's just didn't catch on with audiences. pia zadora acting in one of robbin's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire. the supporting cast was not a help either.oooooh... this was awful to look at then and even 20 more years later, it looks even worse. i had a hope for pia as an actress and it all got shot to heck when this was done. it would be tough for pia to redeem herself as an actress (although john waters casting her in "hairspray" was a spark) although she has a nice singing voice.hey, pia, wherever you are...hairspray may go on tour! join the show. you may be the biggest comeback story yet.i just hope they burn this film for ya if you do.

this film is a pia zadora special! when viewing it, i was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a hollywood starlet; in urgent need of another role but afraid of becoming typecast for 'b' movie or soft porn roles; who says at her casting session "well of course i do not normally do roles requiring nudity, but if it is artistically necessary for the film...............". this recollection brought up a very naughty image of a similar cartoon showing pia at such a session saying "well of course i do not normally take any roles requiring actual acting, but if it will really give me sufficient exposure to enhance my status as a sex symbol..................". this is probably grossly unfair, the rather sordid tale is the fault of harold robbins book; considering the nature of the story pia's exposures certainly do not receive undue attention, and perhaps pia (who once won an acting award in butterfly) is deliberately satirising her part rather than attempting to act in an almost unplayable role. critics usually point first to the actors as the problem whenever a film proves disappointing, but this is grossly unfair; the scriptwriters and director are far more often the guilty parties. the real problem with "the lonely lady" is that the screenplay, like the original book, looks for sensation rather than substance, and nothing can help with this. 	the screenplay for this film is abysmal, but whether the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better script, tauter directing and really competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgement. as it was released, my viewers rating for it would depend upon whether i am assessing my personal opinion, or assessing to what extent the film succeeds in providing what it aims at doing. my personal rating for it would be two out of ten; but to some extent this film probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended, and judged on this basis a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable. being in a charitable mood, and wanting to make it clear that i am not blaming pia for my disappointment, i will give an imdb rating of four.

oh my, i think this may be the single cheesiest movie i've ever seen. i'm serious, this is one of the ultimate b-movies. the first proof is that it isn't a $5 dvd. oh no, that's too mainstream for this. i got this on vhs, from a bin full of ex-rental videos at my local video store.if i may quote the blurb: "in 17th century japan, there lived a samurai who would set the standard for the ages. his name was mayeda. he is sent on an epic journey across the world to acquire 5,000 muscats from the king of spain. whilst at sea a violent storm swallows their precious gold intended to buy the weapons and almost takes their lives. mayeda must battle all odds to survive and the secure the fate of his beloved japan." it then goes on to say "a multi million dollar action adventure epic set across three continents"i must have seen a different movie. this was no epic, and it certainly wasn't a multi million dollar anything. no, 'shogun mayeda' is really just the crazy adventures of the engrish-speaking mayeda (sho kosugi). he isn't even a shogun really, but thats not important. what is important, is that he does a really cool impression of john cleese's repeated charging of the one castle in 'monty python and the holy grail', and his ability to go from serious scenes to showing off his samurai mind powers. awesome.the greatest thing about this movie is sho kosugi's engrish accent. the movie may lack nearly everything that makes a good movie, but makes up for it with some of the cheesiest lines ever, delivered by the coolest engrish accent ever. and honestly, do you really want anything else? you could fast forward 'shogun mayeda' to the end, and replay kosugi's final line over and over. the tape will probably wear out before you get tired of that one line. awesome.2/10 - so very very cheesy.

i must admit that i have been a sucker for samurai flicks since i can remember. i used to watch rather indiscriminate, be it "elitist" works like the seven samurai or the bloody comic-book variation like lone wolf and cub. i also liked us-/japanese "crossovers" like the bushido blade. and of course everything containing sonny chiba and hiroyuki sanada. and i've virtually watched every samurai at least twice. but not kabuto.in 1993 i first watched kabuto on video, that even samurai films can be boring. in the beginning i was looking forward to mayeda reaching europe and the confrontations that would come from that but by the time he actually reached spain, i really didn't care so much for the movie anymore.it wouldn't do the film justice to call it "bad". technically it's a clean entry into the genre. but there is simply never quiet enough. sho kosugi has limited skills as both director and actor and has only a fraction of above mentioned japanese actors charisma. and speaking of sho kosugis son kane, who appears in almost all sho kosugi films as shos son: he has inherited little-to-none of his fathers limited acting skills. adding to the minus-points is the absence of the blood and gore that until then was a trademark of all samurai film. this was obviously intended for a younger us- / european audience.lets just say that it's a so-so film for the average historic-action-adventure fan but a bore for hardened fans of samurai cinema. fans who are into the "samurai meets "-genre, should rather go and watch red sun (1971), featuring charles bronson as cowboy who has to team up with samurai toshiro mifume to retrieve a samurai sword from bad-guy alan delon. it pretty much how to do it right and where kabuto went wrong.so, even though the film is a mere 100 minutes, it seems like a much longer film.the reason i gave this a honourable 4/10 points instead of 3/10: first time i saw this film, i saw it in the german synchronized version. in this version, kosugi can actually be understood. i must admit that his 'engrish' is at times funny but gets tiresome after about 30 minutes.

whoever made this nonsense completely missed the point. jane is a silly comic strip to titillate without being sleazy.this giant mess tries to be funny and exciting but is just a shambles. there is not one decent performance in it..even the usually reliable jasper carrott is painfully unfunny.the american bloke whose name escapes me is just as rubbiush as he was in flash gordon.maud adams tries as a villianess but she is a bit long in the tooth for this type of thing. all of these things would not matter if the girl was sexy or funny or likable.she is not. kirsten holmes faded into obscurity after this and so much the better.i've flushed more entertaining things than this down the toilet. avoid

despite some mildly thought-provoking oddities in the script and the film's overall curiosity value, fury of the wolfman emerges as a dull, uninteresting excursion into lycanthropy, saved only by the statuesque presence of villainess perla cristal. the rest of the players, including the hammy naschy, are a complete write-off (though admittedly none are helped by often atrocious dubbing). although the screenplay packs in enough variations on werewolf/frankenstein/dr moreau themes to flesh out a dozen movies, the plot is so unevenly developed, the characterizations so feeble and the dialogue so verbosely ridiculous (at least in the english version), that any latent interest in the turgid proceedings is soon quashed.zabalza's direction seems jerky, even amateurish. his staging is clumsy and ineffective. he is not helped by villasenor's over-bright lighting. even promising sets are so unatmospherically photographed that the director's few attempts to give the audience a fright are signaled far in advanceother credits fall into a similar pattern of ineptitude, though the stridently over-emphatic music score and the laughably crude, totally primitive special effects deserve special condemnation.

this review applies for the cut of the film that's generally available as "fury of the wolfman". i understand there is an uncut version out there with additional footage, and i would hope that it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as "fury of the wolfman". in short, the movie makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. it is utter nonsense, and incomprehensible nonsense at that.waldemar daninsky, that venerable lycanthropic antihero portrayed by paul naschy in a seemingly endless series of films, is apparently a normal guy who has just come back from a trip to tibet, where he was attacked by a yeti. somehow this has turned him into a werewolf. daninsky is a doctor, a scientist, and an instructor at what appears to be a college. one of his female colleagues, ilona elmann, is involved in a vague form of hypnosis..."chematodes", a nonsense word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to a victim's head. ellman feels this will enable her to "change the direction of the human brain", naturally enabling her to rule the world, provided she can get us all attached to those wires with no trouble.elmann is also into werewolves, because she kidnaps daninsky and takes him to her hidden laboratory. she has a bunch of other people trapped there as well. some of them look like gypsies, and are chained up, being in varying states of lucidity. others are clearly hippies. elmann feels that one day she may be able to "help them be human again" (?), but in the meantime she controls them with her chematodes. waldemar becomes her hairy hit man, wandering around like a werewolf zombie--that is until the filmmakers decide to use footage spliced in from another naschy werewolf film, "frankenstein's bloody terror" (don't ask), at which point naschy's werewolf makeup changes considerably and he lurches around like an animal.is this making any sense? no? good. that's the film's saving grace. it doesn't try and engage you on any kind of intellectual level, it just goes full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets it can muster up. "fury of the wolfman" may be the best halloween party movie ever. you absolutely do not need to pay attention to it, and in fact if you do, you will be completely confused.

i saw this little magnum opus for the first time very recently, on one of those dollar dvd's that seem to be everywhere nowadays, and was so moved by it that i cannot contain myself. for those who have never seen this mesmerizingly miserable mexican import, and wish to view it without being prejudiced by anyone else's jaundiced commentary, there are undoubtedly substantial spoilers in what follows. so if you are one of those reckless individuals, stop reading at once and go and watch it for yourself. if you get drunk enough in advance, you might be fortunate enough to pass out before it's over.begin with the premise that a man may become a werewolf after being bitten by a yeti. no one in the film ventures an explanation as to how this sort of cross-species implantation could occur, and the rest of the movie is even more hopelessly nonsensical. but pour yourself another glass of wine (or whatever you're drinking), and let us proceed.paul naschy (our werewolf) has the look of a man fighting a toothache, in a town where the only dentist has traded his supply of novocaine for a case of cheap whiskey, and has been drunk ever since. (ain't he the lucky one?) naschy's facial expression never varies, whether in or out of makeup, and apparently no one gave him any coaching on how to act like a werewolf. occasionally he tries to imitate the lon chaney jr. crouch, but most of the time he simply strolls around in his black mafia shirt, like just another cool dude with a tad too much facial hair. to be fair, the makeup is actually better than the actor inside of it, but the continuity is infinitely worse. naschy's werewolf is the only one i can think of that changes shirts twice in the middle of a prowl. he goes from black shirt to red shirt, then back to black, then back to red, then back to black, all in a single, frenzied night. interestingly enough, he always does the chaney crouch while wearing the red shirt, and the cool dude walk while wearing the black shirt. and it's only while he is wearing the red shirt that we see much of the fury alluded to in the title. presumably there's something about that red shirt that just brings out the animal in him.so anyway, after being bitten by the cross-pollinating yeti, the poor schmuck returns home from tibet to learn that his wife has been sleeping with one of his students. the two illicit lovers try to murder him by adjusting the brakes on his car. he survives the wreck, and makes it home just in time for a full moon. then, after chewing up his wife and her lover, he wanders off again, and somehow manages to get himself electrocuted. but is that enough? can they let this tormented wretch rest in peace? not a chance. he is resurrected by a supposed female scientist with a hardcore s/m fetish, otherwise known as "the doctor" (and definitely not a new incarnation of doctor who). she digs him up and whisks him away to her kinky kastle, takes him down to the dungeon, chains him to the wall, and gives him a damn good flogging. presumably such a string of indignities ought to be enough to put a little fury into any wolfman.after his two-shirted rampage, our wolfman spends most of the rest of the film wandering around the castle, trying to find a way out. (and who can blame him?) in the course of his wanderings, he encounters a bewilderingly incoherent assortment of clichés, including a man dressed in medieval armor, a curiously inept phantom of the opera impersonator (supposedly the doctor's father), and a hard-partying cadre of bondage slaves.so what's it all about, one may reasonably ask? one gets the vague impression that it has something to do with mind control, and involves something the doctor calls "chemotrodes." (best guess. i really have no idea how it's spelled, if there even is such a thing.) mercifully, the experiment ends in failure, and most importantly, it ends...before one has time to gnaw one's own leg off.of course, one doesn't really expect any sense from a film like this, but at least it ought to be good for laughs. this one isn't. forget it, buddy. there is a creeping sort of anarchy about this film, from its patched-together, tequila-drenched ambiance to its atrocious cinematography and agonizing musical score, that defies even the most sozzled attempts to get any mst3k type laughs out of it. if it's not even good for that, what the hell is it good for? if montezuma's revenge could have somehow been digitally remastered and put on a dvd, it would have looked exactly like this movie.

"while traveling in the mountains, a man is attached by a mysterious creature that promptly departs, leaving no trace of its presence. unbeknownst to the man, he has been attacked by a werewolf and now he's inherited the curse associated with such creatures. now our hero must race against time to rid himself of this dreadful affliction before the next full moon," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.horrifically re-produced from the original spanish, "the fury of the wolf man" loses whatever charms it may have possessed in its original form. lycanthropic paul naschy's werewolf characterization is uneven and ineffectual. dominatrix scientist perla cristal and sexy assistant verónica luján never get close enough to truly titillate. the often incoherent storyline isn't even ghoulishly amusing.

"la furia del hombre lobo" forms a completely stand-alone storyline which doesn't seem to fit in at all with the previous waldemar daninsky movies. some have commented that this movie is supposed to take place before the events of "werewolf shadow", although it was released afterwards ... they may be right, i'm not sure. anyway, in this movie waldemar daninsky is bitten by a yeti-like creature in tibet (great dialogue here -- "it was a yeti. but that's impossible. i'm a scientist and these things don't exist. it was a hallucination. that's all.") and although marked with the sign of the pentagram, he is able to prevent the change into a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has been cheating on him. changing into the beast one night, he kills both her and her lover before running out into a storm and being electrocuted. it's not long before he's resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who is conducting some kind of unfathomable experiments with mind control. he is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals.first of all -- jacinto molina, paul naschy, whatever you want to call him, he's a fine actor and cared passionately about his work. no matter how flawed these movies are, you can always rely on him for a decent performance. the rest of the cast seem good enough, but it's hard to tell when they have a half-assed voice-over dubbed over all their lines. and that was really the main problem for me ... many of the voice-over artists they used were just awful, awful, awful. whenever i chuckled during the movie it was at the inept way that they delivered their lines (they seem to constantly refer to the hero as "waldeman"). but unfortunately it's almost impossible to find subtitled copies of naschy movies, although they're sometimes available in the original language without subtitles.the directing of jose maria zabalza seems sort of hit-and-miss ... there are some great visual ideas in some scenes, while others are badly constructed and poorly edited, particularly in the final scenes when it really counts. the reason for this, was that zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on set. he allowed his fourteen year old nephew to rewrite molina's dialogue, used extras without his permission, and spliced several shots from molina's earlier movies. all of this pretty much ruined any chance this movie had of being one of molina's best works, and it's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again.but it's not all bad news, as there are some good ideas here. some aspects of the storyline make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage. the 'werewolf as a yeti' idea is one that returned in molina's later work. some pretty horrific and surreal stuff goes on down in the cellar, and there's also a very memorable sequence about half way through the film where daninsky runs from house to house through a village, slaughtering or molesting innocents as he goes -- one scene is particularly intense, but it's actually lifted straight from molina's first movie, "la marca del hombre-lobo" along with a few other shots. i actually found the movie on the whole to be very entertaining, although there are some problems with the front row entertainment version, such as pretty obvious cuts (although some of it may simply be due to the director's lack of continuity). gods knows what omissions there are -- i'll probably try to get my hands on the uncut version at some stage in the future.this is a overall a decent piece of vintage naschy which experienced fans might enjoy, but it could have been much better and so probably wouldn't make a great introduction.

spanish horror icon paul naschy stars in this, one of his weakest werewolf films... but bear with me for a moment. most people will be familiar with it under its most common television title, the fury of the wolf man, and there have been many home video versions of it over the years. if you want to be serious about giving it a fair shot though, the most workable edition i've seen of it goes by the title the wolf man never sleeps, and it's an unedited and complete european version which restores a couple of disturbing scenes and contains the original nude shots which are missing from fury's print. it is also letterboxed.naschy plays waldemar daninsky, returning home from a trip to tibet only to find out that he's contracted a werewolf curse and that his wife has been having an affair. he takes care of her and her lover while in animal form, but then becomes a guinea pig for a sexy woman doctor and her female assistant. apparently, the doc attempts to "tame" the werewolf, and there is a very strange sado-masochistic love scene between her and the hairy and fanged daninsky who is under her trance, at least in the original version. ultimately we get two werewolves for the price of one as daninsky battles a she-wolf! the biggest problem with the movie is that the director (according to naschy's claims) was often drunk, and the results are indeed rather incoherent. when watching the wolf man never sleeps copy, it's not quite as difficult to make out what's going on, though the editing remains atrocious in spots. worst of all is occasional non-matching footage of naschy's ravenous werewolf swiped straight from another previous film (la marc del hombre lobo, aka "frankenstein's bloody terror") and mixed into this one without any sensible reason! the wolf's clothing changes from black shirt to white and back again, as does his demeanor; one moment the wolf is walking around lethargically in a hypnotic trance from fury, next he is growling and running around savagely from bloody terror. really bizarre.

how did this ever come into existence? i generally love sci f/bigfoot whatever films etc. . . but i still expect them to be written without quite so much cheese as this. the effects were sad, the lines were sadder. avoid at all costs. i only ended up renting it because it was in the wrong case (i was looking for the sasquatch film with lance henrikson in it -- still haven't seen that one). the idea of the film is actually a good one. there was a lot of potential to make a great little movie here. i just don't understand how something like this ends up like this. go speak to the film/arts/english interested students in any high school and you'll find people who can write a better script.

when i first saw this film i thought it was going to be a good sasquatch film. usually when you have these types of movies there's generally one sasquatch, but in this one there is like what? 7 or 10 of them?. acting was good, plot was ok, i liked the scenes where the sasquatch is killing the first few victims, very good camera work. i was expecting it to be a gory film but it was very little. this movie was way better than sasquatch. the sci-fi channel really needs to make more sasquatch films, i mean i really liked sasquatch mountain, abominibal was not good, the one i'm reviewing is ok, but the movie sasquatch was not, but i'm not reviewing that so let me get back on track. this movie is good for a rainy saterday afternoon, but for any other occasions, no.

oh where to begin. the cinematography was great. when the movie first started because of the initial landscape scenes i thought that i was in for a good movie. then the cgi bigfoot showed up .it looked like a cartoon drawing of the lion king and king kong's love child.it totally took away from the believability of the character.now i knew there wasn't a bigfoot chasing people hiking around the woods for no apparent reason but a cheesy cgi cartoon.so from then on the whole movie was shot for me.the money they flushed down the toilet for the cgi they could of spent on a costume like roger patterson did. his was the best bigfoot costume ever no one else could match his.i am a hardcore cheesy bigfoot movie fan and i was warned about this movie but my compulsion led me to watching this movie and i was disappointed like the previous reviews warned me about. i know after you read this review you will still say "i must watch sasquatch hunters,must watch sasquatch hunters." then you will say why did i waste my good hard earned money on such a excruciatingly bad boring movie!

this is the biggest piece of lamo i've ever watched. it is excruciatingly boring i would have rather sat through a seminar on creationism than have watched this if i had known it was going to be as boring as it was. not even the 40 seconds of the hot chick in the bikini with the big ta tas redeems this of anything lower than a 1.the reviews of this movie claiming that this movie is "unintentionally funny" are absurd and just plain wrong. not one thing is funny about this movie. they spend the first 50 or so minutes walking through the woods talking about stuff you wouldn't understand nor care about and it is just as lame when the people start dying because you don't even know who the people are because they are so uninteresting. honestly though, i didn't watch it to the ending, but that should say something about how horrible it is. worst movie ever.immediately after ejecting this filth from my dvd player i started scraping it against the cement in front of my house, not wanting other blockbuster customers to have to fall upon the same mistake i had made as to rent this movie. then zach peed his pants. thankyou for your time.

foywonder's review of this cheap stv hits the nail squarely on the head. make sure you read it. in case you don't, a group of scientists heads off into the deep woods of the pacific northwest, to fumble around with a bunch of bones in an animal graveyard. the big foot family doesn't take kindly to this, and proceeds to pick off the team one by one, largely offscreen. big foot himself has a distinctly ape-like face, but is less scary overall than harry from harry and the hendersons. most of the movie has the wooden, generic actors pretending to be scientists tromping around in the woods and yakking away. this is a no-budget movie in which very little happens, at least on screen. we do get to watch the sexiest of the females take a shower while one of her male companions watches, but nothing comes of this.

i got this movie out of blockbuster in one of those racks were you can get like 5 movies for 20 bucks. i'd have to say i got my money's worth on this one. i had expected horrible dialogue, crappy monsters, and shaky cameras. well, as meatloaf said, two outta three ain't bad.the acting is bad, though not as bad as some movies i've seen. or maybe i've watched so many low budget movies recently i've lost perspective. there are some bits were the acting is downright terrible, but for the most part it's of at least high school play level.the cg for the sasquatch in this movie is probably the second-worst part. the first thing i thought when i saw it (and i noticed another reviewer agreed with me) was that a man in an ape suit would have been better. clunky stop-motion animation would have looked better.so you may be asking why i call the cg the second-worst part. that's because the very worst part of the movie is the sound effects. they are loud, annoying, and constant. i've been camping, i know what insects sound like in the woods at night, and while they can be loud, they're not deafening like the cacophony in this movie. usually when the "background" sounds drown out the movie's dialogue, it's a bad thing, but from what i caught of the dialogue of this film, i wasn't missing much.the action was infrequent and boring. the tension was non-existent, as was any sense of empathy with the characters. speaking of the characters, they were all cookie-cutter and bland. the only mildly engaging byplay was between...actually, i can't think of anything. there was a line or two that made me crack a wan smile, but that was about it.the cinematography was decent, a step or two above what you'd normally see in a movie like this. however, it still had that "home movie" quality to it that you get with movies made on pocket change and a prayer. if you're like me and get a kick out of shoestring budget genre flicks, and you see this one in the dollar bin, think about grabbing it. otherwise, stay away at all costs.

a group of forest rangers and scientists go into the woods to find fossils.they stumble on a bigfoot burial ground eventually (the didn't notice it in the dark), the scenes of the cgi bigfoot are horrid, but better than the endless scenes of talking that they rarely punctuate. i used to think that there just might be a good bigfoot movie to be made. but now after so many sad sad movies about the legend, i'm having serious doubts. to pour salt in the wound of watching this film, the one good-looking girl just doesn't get naked once. and while this one may be better than "boggy creek 2" (no mean feat there), it's still sad that the best non-documentary film on bigfoot remains "harry and the henriksons" my grade: d

this is definitely the worst bigfoot movie i've ever seen and quite possibly the overall worst movie i've ever seen in my life. the actors and actresses were horrible and it seemed like they were trying way too hard to play their roles as dorks, tough guys, jerks, know it alls, etc. and the bigfoot itself was terrible. it appeared to be some kind of computer generated image from the days of atari & intellivision. at one point near the end of the movie as an army of sasquatches were chasing after the remaining survivors, one gets shot and as it's running it looked like a poor man's version of donkey kong himself! and one gets hit by a bullet and the blood that comes out of it was just awful animation. another thing that was annoying was the music. way way way too much music (classical score or whatever you call it) throughout the entire film. it was never ending. oh yeah, the movie is boring too. absolutely one of the worst films i've ever seen. i highly recommend taking your $3 or whatever they charge to rent this movie and spending it on a gallon of gas or a value menu somewhere. truly awful!

i have always been interested in anything about bigfoot, so when i was browsing around looking for a movie to rent, this one caught my eye. it was the worst $4.50 i've ever spent and i want my money back! please don't waste your money on this!! this was one of the cheapest movies i've ever seen. the entire movie was so incredibly boring and i found myself rolling my eyes a lot and i didn't even watch it all the way through. i just got fed up with it. the acting was horrible, the effects were horrible, everything was just really bad and tasteless. it all added up to be a really bad, boring movie and total waste of time and money. i hope that one day they'll make a good movie about sasquatch, but until then, i'll have to sit through countless cheap duds like this one to find the real masterpiece.

i went into watching this movie knowing it wasn't going to be great. but what i witnessed was to awful for words. i don't mean to be harsh, its just the movie was terrible. overall it had bad, i mean awful special effects, the acting wasn't too bad, but wasn't good either, and sasquatch himself was like.... well, not sasquatch. in my opinion the best sasquatch movie is harry and the hendersons. its not violent or horror, but it has the best depiction of sasquatch. at least its a suit and not some half-ass cgi rip-off. only see this movie if you are desperate, or really appreciate anyone in the film. or go watch boondock saints, it is much better.

budget, decent actors ...who knew these things were important. don't waste your time on this piece of junk. the effects are crap. the acting is crap. the only thing that could have made this even tolerable was a little cheap t&a and that gets squandered in the first 20 minutes.the only even remotely redeeming quality about this movie is the very awkward profanity. it was like they found the only 7 people on the planet who have never cursed before. hats off!if you want to see some dude in a bad suit just go back and look at old prom photos. the only way for a bigfoot flick to be any good is for it to have a big budget and some actors who didn't come from frogballs community theater.

that's right. a movie written, directed and produced by fred tepper and family. (fred should have known better, having worked the sets of 'titantic' and 'dogma'.) so, the plot. there are some scientists, and some forest rangers, and a hot chick with huge fake breasts. they are all really bad at their jobs, including the hot chick(who i think is supposed to be a photographer, but who cares because she wears a bikini). one of the forest rangers comments that the scientists are "professional people," which is good, because it would be horrible if they were professional grubs or jellybeans or ewoks.they are hiking through the woods in search of some strange ape-like bones, and no one even once mentions that the bones just might be those of the infamous bigfoot. they just wander around and one of the rangers unabashedly hits on the hottie. we all hope he dies real soon (along with his sister who's meant to be the cute naive one, but is really just annoying). then they, *gasp*, find a sasqu... i mean, ape-like animal burial ground. of course, no mentions that it might just be bigfoot bones they're messing with... i guess scientists and forest rangers just don't think about those types of things.then sasquatch and his tribe get really angry and kill all the people we dislike, chases the other losers away and buries his great aunt muriel and cousin josh (who died in an unfortunate trout accident) all over again.insipid, boring dialogue (i zoned out several times), inane plot, unlikable characters, bad cgi (a man in a monkey suit would look better), and acting that just wasn't very good all add up to make a movie i won't be watching again.you check it out though; it's good for some unintentional laughs.

there have been many movies featuring bigfoot, the majority of which are not good but most at least have a goofy charm to them. sasquatch hunters doesn't even have that going for it. it's just a crashing bore.sasquatch hunters is about a group of paleontologists, primatologists, and forest rangers that venture off into a remote part of a pacific northwest forest. bones belonging to some sort of abnormally large primate have been discovered in this region and since apes aren't natural to north america to begin with this leads to a scientific expedition. sure enough, they soon discover a whole burial ground full of the skeletal remains of these enormous ape-like creatures. i think we all know what happens to people that disturb ancient burial grounds in the movies.the first half of the movie consists of uninteresting, interchangeable characters assembling their gear, hiking through the woods, stopping to rest, hiking through the woods some more, pausing long enough to investigate and discuss a few findings along the way, yet more hiking through the woods, looking for a group member that has vanished, even more hiking through the woods, digging through dirt, random theorizing, and gathering around a campfire to discuss what little they've done that day. when sasquatch finally shows up it just turns into people stumbling around in the dark while being picked off one at a time (done in a blink and you missed it fashion and the actual killing occurs off-camera). all of this is excruciatingly boring.the movie wants to be taken seriously and the director is clearly trying to build suspense but there is none to be found, thus we are left with dull, drawn out scenes of people wandering around the woods just to get somewhere and wander around the woods at night trying to act scared. i'd be lying if i said i didn't make liberal use of the fast forward button to speed these scenes up.as for sasquatch himself, much like every other character else in the movie, it doesn't have much to do and lacks a distinct personality. it looks like a shaggier version of king kong, which isn't all that bad except in the scenes where they used cgi instead of a man in a bigfoot costume, which is painfully obvious during the daylight monster scenes. a part of me can't help but feel that even using computer effects to bring bigfoot to life is a tad sacrilegious. if there is any single movie monster that i believe should only be brought to life through situation, it's bigfoot.this is one of those movies that doesn't so much have a plot as it does a premise. that's all it really is, a premise, which the people involved stretched out to make a feature length motion picture without bothering to add all the ingredients to make a worthwhile movie.

director warren beatty's intention to turn chester gould's famous comic strip into a live-action cartoon (with beatty himself cast in the lead as the square-jawed detective) had sweet overtures of innocent nostalgia--quite unusual and intriguing coming from warren beatty. unfortunately, the picture is requisite ham, fun for awhile but eventually tiring. dick tracy attempts to bring down mobster big boy caprice, aided by loving tess trueheart but tripped up by evil breathless mahoney. for the first half-hour or so, the oscar-winning art direction and set design are wonderful to absorb but, as the plot creaks along predictably (with no real sting in the writing), things begin to congeal. al pacino got a surprise supporting oscar nomination as bad boy caprice, and madonna (who is mostly used as a decorative prop) gets to sing stephen sondheim's "sooner or later (i always get my man)", which copped the award for best original song. lots of heart, thanks to beatty--who was dedicated to his vision--but the picture is too cool and calculated. it lacks heat. *1/2 from ****

this has to be one of the worst films of the 1990s. when my friends & i were watching this film (being the target audience it was aimed at) we just sat & watched the first half an hour with our jaws touching the floor at how bad it really was. the rest of the time, everyone else in the theatre just started talking to each other, leaving or generally crying into their popcorn that they actually paid money they had earnt working to watch this feeble excuse for a film. it must have looked like a great idea on paper, but on film it looks like no-one in the film has a clue what is going on. crap acting, crap costumes. i can't get across how embarrasing this is to watch. save yourself an hour & a bit of your life.........

i just saw dick tracy and i thought it was terrible. the paintings in the background of the cities looked awful. also the mob characters looked too weird. warren beatty didn't do an awful job as dick tracy but it was definetely not one of his better performances. madonna should just stick to singing. glenne headly did a good job in this movie. i gave this movie a 2/10 just because of the amazing acting by al pacino. it wasn't a high note in his career but he still did a good job.

when people ask me whats the worst movie i've ever seen its this one. its not even close to mst3k level riffing, or midnight viewing at a theatre, or even as disney channel late night filler. the only time i've ever wanted to jump off a ride at disney world (or disney/mgm studios in this case) was to grab dick tracey's jacket off the mannequin, rip it to shreds, and ram it down the tour guides throat saying "eat this! eat this unholy coat of darkness!!!" i've never been so mad at a movie, not even "nutty professor ii: the klumps" or "flash gordon". you want pretty colors and cinematography? ain't here babe. reviewers keep saying "oh, but its too look like a comic book", well, to me, its the color of a gordito after several weeks in the sun. about as enjoyable too. beatty wanders around this landscape jumping around and talking to his watch, himself, and occasional at the other actors, hoping someone will tell him what time the sequel will begin shooting. to be fair, i have only seen this movie once, but my pain threshold is that of a man, not a god.

this film is stale, and misses the mark. it is far off compared to the 89 batman that it tries to coppy. that women singer whats her name can not act, and we see why her film carrier died. notice how this film died in the box office no one see this film on tv either. my uncle and dad were expecting batman, and the films impression is more like cop rock. not worth renting 3/10

as other viewers have mentioned, this film was an interesting experiment in photography. the colors are comic book bold. i think the director got carried away with his "artistic vision" over the look of the film instead o badly needed attention to content. despite its stellar cast, the performances are lackluster and the story nearly incoherent. madonna was likely cast purely as a stunt to get pre-release press. a good thing as her appearance here lent some credence to her album "i'm breathless (music inspired by the film dick tracy)" which was a stratospheric hit (due in large part to the inclusion of dance-hit "vogue" - which is not in, nor has the slightest relation to this film). i'd guess the major portion of money from this film came from tie-ins to madonna's "i'm breathless" album.if you watch it at home, by end-titles, you'll think "there's two hours out of my life i'd like to have back." save yourself the wasted time - do not bother with this.

believe me, i wanted to like "spirit". the idiotic comments people made at the time of its release about how quaint it was to see old-fashioned, hand-drawn animation again, as if the last pencil-animated cartoon had been released twenty years ago, and the even more idiotic comments about how computers had now made the old techniques obsolete, had got my blood up ... but then, the insulting, flavourless banality i had to endure in the first ten minutes of "spirit" got my blood up even more.the character designs are generic, the animation (partly as a result) merely competent, the art direction as a whole so utterly, boringly lacklustre that you wonder how it could have come about (we know, from "the prince of egypt" and "the road to el-dorado", that there are talented artists at dreamworks), and the sophisticated use of cgi is in every single instance ill-judged. (why do they bother?) there's not a single thing worth looking at. in an animated cartoon, this is fatal.but it gets worse...the horses can't talk, but they're far more anthropomorphised and unconvincing than the deer in "bambi", which can. and it seems that, in a way, the horses can talk. spirit himself delivers the prologue (sounding for all the world like a 21st-century actor picked out of a shopping mall in california), and from then on his laid-back, decidedly unhorselike narration is scarcely absent from the soundtrack, although it never once tells us anything that we didn't already know, or expresses a feeling which the artwork, poor though it is, wasn't capable of expressing twice as well. that prologue, by the way: (a) contains information which spirit, we later discover, had know way of knowing; (b) expresses ideas which spirit would lack the power to express even if he could talk; (c) includes new age rubbish like, "this story may not be true, but it's what i remember"; and (d) will give countless children (the production is pitched, i presume, at six-year-olds) the impression that horses are native to north america, which is sort of true, in that the common ancestor of domestic horses, zebras etc. was native to north america - but all horse species on the continent had gone extinct long before the first humans arrived, and the mustangs of spirit's herd (which allegedly "belong here like the buffalo grass") were descended from horses introduced by europeans.so the prologue rather annoyed me.as often as spirit talks, bryan adams sings, sounding as usual as though he's got a bad throat infection - and it's not that he sings or even how he sings, it's what he sings: maudlin narrative ballads which contribute even less, if possible, than spirit's spoken narrative, and which sound as though they all have exactly the same tune (although i was paying close attention, and was able to discern that they probably didn't). if only bryan adams and the guy-pretending-to-be-a-horse could have shut up for a minute or two, the movie might have been allowed to take its true form: mediocre and derivative, rather than jaw-droppingly bad.

flat, soulless computer images on less than astonishing backgrounds animates a horribly predictable story in this film. absolutely nothing takes you by surprise, you can even tell when the bryan adams vocals are going to come in, which are always at the wrong time.the main character, spirit the horse, is given an annoying voice when he narrates what is happening. the narration is not needed, though, as everything happening is really obvious. you can even tell what the horses are saying, although all they do is neigh. which would be good, but all the horses make exactly the same sounds - one for warning, one for sorrow, one for laughing, etc. there is no variation between the horses' voices.young kids might like this film, though. it's soppy enough for a family to sit down and watch, and there's little danger of anyone being frightened. if you have nothing else to do, and want to watch a film with your kids, this isn't a bad choice.but otherwise, this isn't recommended.

decent animation and some workable character development keep this animated horse fable from dreamworks at least watchable... however it remains somewhat slow paced and the storyline is a bit on the silly side.. it is interesting to see a reversal of the typical cowboys and indian roles, but here it just seems like a nod to political correctness rather than a proper storyline decision. grade: c

even though an animated film it really bored everyone under at least 6.as a grown up who grew up in an area with wild horses and native americans, it felt this was a combination of pc mixed in with too many fantasy films created by people who never lived in the area they filmed about. talk to those who have lived on horse back, most treat their animals like family members, regardless of background. regardless of background we have dealt with good and bad breakers of wild horses. i had to explain that was a real life issues to us vs the movie makers views to children who were surprised to see how pc showed a world different than what they knew in reality.this dreamworks break from the normal disney or dreamworks fare of cute talking animals burning up the screen was nice from the older viewer point of view. but if you live in an area similar to what is shown, you may end up answering questions.

for anyone that loves predictable movies with an awful soundtrack, lack of dialogue, clichés up the wazoo, and also stereotypes that just happens to be typical of an american film, look no farther. dreamworks whether wanted to save money on acquiring voice talent, or really wanted to create an animated episode of national geographic; either way, they succeeded in delivering a rather bland and boring movie. spirit: stallion of the cimarron is a bore fest that sends mixed signals to kids and adults, and also fails to entertain despite the oh-so-cutesy theme of animals triumphing over humans. after looking past the wonderful animations, what you have remaining is nothing but a big mess.spirit is about a stallion that from the beginning of the film looks like quite a handful, as he is a horse that cannot be tamed, calmed, nor controlled. because of this, he rises and becomes the leader of his group of high-spirited horses, which includes his mom. but, his life of freedom and running around comes to an abrupt halt as he is captured by a group of americans in the process of connecting the wild west with the rest of the country. during this, spirit (never actually named that throughout the entire film almost) befriends a courageous native american, and a fellow female horse, and also has a lot of run-ins with the cynical and cruel army folks that apparently don't believe in giving up.why must movies mix computer animation with traditional? it comes off looking rather meshed, something spirited away suffered from as well. best example is when a train is chasing after spirit; you see the hand-drawn spirit running from a computer-animated train. it would look much better if it were one or the other, but not both; unless you can really pull off some nice effects. beauty and the beast's famous dance sequence uses computer animation, but it is nowhere near as obvious as the train or the snow in this movie. the opening sequence was the best-looking part of the film, kind of sad to see the rest of the movie slide a bit downhill in terms of quality. a little scene has multiple; i mean multiple similar shots of just a general's face, quite repetitive and annoying in my opinion.the kids might enjoy this flick, but with lack of dialog, song, and motivation, it might be a perfect technique in making hyper children fall asleep. while disney becomes criticized for its animated musicals, they wind up becoming much more entertaining than a more realistic approach to telling a story like this one. bryan adams has no place in this movie, and why does hans zimmer stay away from using a western theme in this movie, when it is a story taking place in the old west? soundtrack sounds a bit off if you ask me. at least they are using realistic noises of horses, two points for that. yet, if you are going to refrain from making horses talk, why even have a narrator interrupt every so often, which just so happens to be the main character himself?native americans are nice, and the western folks are evil, native-killing, horse torturing, rowdy, psychopathic monsters that must be destroyed. more or less, this is what spirit is showing us. it reaches a point in which they are trying so hard for the viewers to hate the travelers of the wild west; they even had a scene of several horses pulling a huge train up a hill, and another scene of them destroying an entire village of natives. now, the person spirit befriended happened to betray him, on more than one occasion, yet that is forgivable, apparently because he is not a soldier; that or because he has the sassy female horse.spirit isn't exactly a victim we should feel sorry for; the viewer is supposed to sympathize with spirit despite him putting his entire group of horses at risk, wreaking havoc, and even perhaps resulting in some off-screen deaths that are quickly shoved aside because oh no, spirit is in trouble! this film gets quite rhythmic, as we see in multiple instances spirit escaping from chains, kicking people around, destroying property, freeing horses, and then getting captured again---all in this same order too. the writers also seem to have an obsession with cliffs because they are sprinkled all over the movie; for an old west film, they certainly have very little room to roam.bottom line: this is most certainly no disney movie, as a matter of fact that is a bad thing, even though it was what they were aiming for. so, instead of the typical musical, we get a boring film that becomes predictable, dull and slow in multiple instances. even the decent animation becomes inconsistent when the computer work gets thrown in. everything about this movie was just wrong; from the ideals that back then americans that were not native were evil buffoons, to the soundtrack and musical score that just seemed so far off. kill bill vol. 2, which pretty much has nothing to do with the old west, has more of a western feel than this movie. do yourselves a favor and totally skip this by all means necessary. thank you.

(some possible spoilers) i'm not too sure what dreamworks was thinking when they decided to plunk $80 million down on this extremely tired and lame animated flick. they probably thought the spectacular animation would be more than enough to bring audiences (mostly families) to see it in droves. well it seemed to work for the opening weekend, it made $26 mil., roughly and has made $38.1 mil. total (an estimation for this weekend). but i think audiences that came during the weekend saw pretty much the same thing i did, when i saw and they spread the word. this is one majorly lame movie, apart from the animation everything else, mostly the script seem to be done by a three year old. the movie is only about 80 mins. long, but it feels like a three hour epic. a few sticking points for me are, well the irritating narration is one of them, and it's so obviously written. at one point he escapes from some captors and even though you can see the horse is obviously scared, up pops the narrator (the voice of the talented matt damon) to clear up any misconceptions (which would only happen in the simplest of mindsets. another one is the constant pop up of bryan adams songs, now i'm a fan of his music, i think he's good, but come on did dreamworks really think audiences would be able to handle 8-9 of his songs throughout such a short movie, i certainly couldn't. finally and here's a spoiler, a horse gets shot at point blank range by a member of the calvary, no less, she (the horse) then falls into a raging river, spirit (the focus of the movie) tries to save her, but they both go over a waterfall that must have at least a 50 foot drop, well later in the movie near the end we see that this horse is alive and well. now i know this is a kids movie, but even that little amount of realism is unacceptable. to sum up, this is a really lame movie, i'm not saying kids won't enjoy it, but anyone else will be checking their watches just waiting for this tripe to end. definitely on my top 10 worst list of this year. -** out of 4 stars.

here's the good news first. "spirit" is the most visually incredible animated film in current home theater release. the artwork and effects are revolutionary, and i recommend that you give this movie a look by virtue of the visuals alone.and now for the bad news. i really mean it when i say that the animation is the only thing this movie has going for it. you may remember that "spirit" got badly trounced by "lilo and stitch" last summer. the first person who argues that it was because disney is more well-established and had better advertising can write me a four page long essay entitled "why 'lilo and stitch''s script didn't stink".for all the incredible new animation technology on display in "spirit", the story is almost *astonishingly* dull. there is a lesson here, and (needless to say) it doesn't just apply to animated movies. you can have the most mind-blowing visual effects ever to grace the eyes of a mortal, but if your story is boring and, more importantly, we don't care about your characters, it's bad film-making. simple as that. the animation is still mind-blowing; i just can't wait to see what somebody with more imagination does with it.

it wasn't the most pointless animation film experience ever, but it certainly can't be admired as much as it tries to be good. combining dreamworks animation and computer graphics, this is the story of a mustang, later named spirit (matt damon, providing the first person narration), and his journey through across the frontiers of the old west. basically he is born free amongst all the other horses in the beautiful countryside, then he is kidnapped to be used as a saddle horse, he manages to throw off all who try to ride him. however when he escapes his cage, along with little creek (daniel studi), the two of them form a friendship, oh, and he obviously has a thing for little creek's female horse. in the end, after a few more escapes, being chased by the colonel (james cromwell) and his men, and making a final big leap across a gorge, little creek lets spirit go, and he also releases his female horse, and they run home to their countryside and fellow horses. also starring chopper bernet as sgt. adams, jeff lebeau as murphy/railroad foreman, john rubano as soldier, richard mcgonagle as bill and matthew levin as joe. i was expecting to see the horses talk in this film, but it turns out to be more like a dumbo thing throughout, and the songs by bryan adams aren't the most engaging, but it isn't a terrible film. it was nominated the oscar for best animated feature, and it was nominated the golden globe for best song for bryan adams' "here i am". okay!

it is nice to see the likes of oliver stone, brian depalma, al pacino, and even michelle pfiefer make one monumental piece of cinematic garbage. it is nice to see people so rich and 'successful' wasting their time on one of the most forgettable, trite, and pathetic pieces of film-making of all time. this movie represents the worst of hollywood.what is this? is it based on a true story. well, they do start with some basic news bites and facts that they read off usa today. but then the movie departs to some fantasy world and a 'cuban' refugee going to make it in the american drug subculture; kind of like rocky on cocaine. is it a movie about cuba or cubans? for the life of me i don't believe there is a single cuban in this movie. the accents are totally fake, and scene with antonio's mother looks like a poster for midwest american values. the whole scene looks like something out of the dick van dyke show. is this movie about miami? it looks more like l.a. transposed in florida. afterall, a palm tree is a palm tree. is this a romance novel. the relationship between pacino and pfeiffer is so obvious from the getgo, and there is not one shred of possibility that these two characters could ever care for each other. is this a drug movie? well, no issues of obsession or addiction are even mentioned. the behavior of the actors after a line of coke is nothing different than had they had a drink of water. admittedly, the acting is terrible.let's get to the rest. the music is disgusting and sounds like latin elevator music or something out of a lawrence welk show. i think i heard a polka? the camera work is shoddy with too much movement and far more cranes than could ever be effective. clearly, the photography budget was excessive. the sound is bleached in a number of spots, and the dialogue seems to be carried out in a warehouse. the writing is appalling. this is one of those movies were the script writes itself. you are dragged from one trite piece of dialogue to the next, each pushing the plot like a sack of bricks.so i am going to ask, is this even a movie? it could be a drama series patched together for two and a half hours. but at least a drama series has some kind of focus. maybe it is just a bunch of poorly acted scenes taped together. whatever it is, movie or not, it is a piece of crap.

spoken like a true hard-boiled u'an gangsta. the story is no worse than any number of gangster flicks, but never ever confuse this movie with the godfather i or ii, or goodfellas. it is not in the same league.but what makes the film periodically painful to watch is all these italian americans swaggering around dropping bad gangsta lines in an even worse fake u'an accent. pacino would have been great if they could just have dubbed him. i was looking forward to see abrahams and loggia, but their steenky accents spoiled the fun.ah well, the script ain't too hot either. don corleone would have made this disappear five minutes after meeting him, smiling and patting him on the back all the while.

jochen hick wrote and directed this little thriller of a suspense film based on the concept that the aids virus was a sheep virus mutated by the government to rid the world of gays and was apparently tested on convicts in the years before the outbreak of the hideous disease. were it not for the poignancy of the concept of the film, this would fall into the category of the many films about the ruination of the world by a rampant non-prejudicial infective organism.stefan (tom wlaschiha) journeys from berlin to san francisco to investigate his father's scientific suppositions about the induced sheep virus and its effects of the convicts in whom it was infused. he meets with some disdain and resistance to a dead theory, but also encounters some folks who know of the theory and support his investigation. simultaneously with his visit a series of serial murders takes place, each victim killed in a similar manner and each murder apparently accompanied by strains of music from puccini's opera 'turandot' which just happens to be opening at the san francisco opera. a police investigator louise tolliver (irit levi) and her companion cop (kalene parker) follow the murders while stefan makes the rounds of the sex clubs and bars in san francisco trying to locate men who may have been guinea pigs for his father's theory. he encounters a strange lad jeffrey (jim thalman) with whom he has a cat and mouse attraction and a prominent doctor burroughs (richard conti) who seems oddly involved in the cast of suspects. how this all come to an end is the play of the film, a story as much about the search for self identity between stefan and jeffery as it is a case for investigation of murders.while tom wlaschiha, jim thalman and richard conti do well with their roles (they are the only three who have any prior acting experience in the film!), the quality of the film sags considerably by the less than acceptable minimally talented irit levy and kaylene parker: when on screen the credibility of the story drops below zero. there are some small cameos by other actors that brighten the screen for the moments they inhabit, but in all the film is drowned by the incessant replay of 'nessun dorma' as sung by mario del monaco from a recording o the opera - and that seems to be the reason for making the film! good idea for a film and some good characterizations by the actors, but there is no resolution of the initial premise that started the whole thing. grady harp, february 06

one has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any sense. was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives? why would anyone finance this mess? i will say that tomwlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he canwith the dialogue and dramatic (?) situations he is given. butcharacters come and go for no apparent reason, continuity isnon-existent, and the acting, cinematography, and direction are (toput it politely) amateurish. not one sleeps is an unfortunatechoice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film.

i can't stand most reality shows and this one is worst than the one with paris hilton, and sure it's his company. but "you're fired" or "you're hired", for how many seasons now? after watching the show i wouldn't want to work for the guy with his ego and all and i think watching paint dry has more entertainment valve.i'd love to hear just one person get up and say "donald i quit and take some of your money and buy a decent hairdo". i see he's even trying to buy fame in the wrestling wwe. i hope he gets hurt so i don't have to see his pathetic face anymore. it must be sad to want fame so bad and have no talent and make an ass of yourself trying to buy it. i'd give this show a negative mark if i could but it gets a 1 and it doesn't deserve that.

i bet you gene simmons and vincent pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in. isn't just too contrived for gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword? and big pussy? what the hell was that "look at me, i'm a rat!" double episode crap? all that cliché mafia banter- come on! the big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit. hmm... this is not reality but staged drama! mark burnett's other show, "survivor" also raised questions for me when johnny fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born.yuk!

i loved the apprentice for the first two seasons.but now with season 5? (or is it 6?) things are getting just plain too tiring.i used to like the show, but its become donald trumps own ego fest. granted its his company you'll be working for, but come on! some of the things says "you're fired" is just insulting.after watching the show, i would not want to work for him. not because he is arrogant, pompous or such. its just that the show is unrealistic and the way he handles things makes me just squirm. good entertainment? yes, but tiring as the back stabbing gets so tiring.. its not team work, its not personal, its just business. watch your back jack.

for the first couple of seasons, i thought the apprentice was a highly engaging and exciting show. the combination between reality tv and a 16 week job-interview was innovative, and the producers of the show managed to keep the show relevant and not too "out there".the new season 6 is nothing more than a big joke and it has absolutely nothing to do with business - at all. in the earlier seasons they used to put a lot more emphasis on the business-related tasks - now the focus is mostly in the boardroom where the contestants are expected to do everything to keep them on the show (that means lying, trash-talking, backstabbing etc.). the boardroom can be entertaining to watch, but it's entertainment at it's low-point - sometimes you wonder if you are watching a repeat of an old jerry springer episode. the tasks on the show are, at most, boring and mostly a showcase for the companies who are dumb enough to pay nbc for the publicity. and what is the deal about half of the contestants living in tents in season 6? that is just plain stupid and has nothing to do with business in real-life. i have absolutely no respect for any of the contestants this season, they all seem like idiots to me. in earlier seasons at least some of the contestants had a bit of integrity, now it seems like the contestants would kill their own mother to keep them on the show. it also seems like donald trump's massive ego becomes bigger and bigger for every season that pass by and to be honest, i can't see why anyone with a common sense would want to work for him. his rationality in the boardroom mostly doesn't make any sense at all and sometimes it seems he just like to trash people for what it's worth.r.i.p the apprentice. please nbc, for god's sake, get the show off the air as soon as possible. it's just too embarrassing to watch. the apprentice was once a great tv-show, but now it's just a big fat joke.

besides being boring, the scenes were oppressive and dark. the movie tried to portray some kind of moral, but fell flat with its message. what were the redeeming qualities?? on top of that, i don't think it could make librarians look any more unglamorous than it did.

for anyone craving a remake of 1989's slaves of new york. what are there, seven of you? here it is... was.this undercooked movie has studiously vapid characters (well they're club-kids, ya big jerk!) that are in holding patterns. the big question seems to be, just how long can a young adult remain juvenile? it took three people to write this 'story'? good god, it was easier to come up with citizen kane. rather than take viewers back, this movie should just embarrass anyone who was a scene-ster in the early 90s.the idea that a fifty year old woman envies a bunch of self-absorbed kids from a different era is the world as only self-absorbed, twenty-somethings could imagine it. the odd sidebar about library work is not the sub-plot one expects from the equivalent of parker posey's breakin 2: electric bugaloo. her "i'm serious about graduate school!" while a stripper grinds on her is hysterical. posey's shtick is always amusing, but there are projects that are beneath her. i was asleep before it crossed the 40 minute mark.

i cheer for films that fill in subject matter gaps in world cinema. so after watching the trailer for "water lilies," i expected to like this film because i thought i'd stumbled on something unique: a movie that honestly portrays teen lesbian love - sort of a female version of "beautiful thing." the main characters are young french women 15 years old. marie is slender, reticent and pretty in a tomboyish way; floriane is outgoing, athletic and beautiful; and anne is loyal, pudgy and behaviorally immature. the erotic interrelationship between marie and floriane is always simmering in this movie, if not at the surface, then just below it. "water lilies," however, is not about the dawning of lesbian love upon two teens; it is about sexual frustration, suffering, ennui, teens working at cross-purposes and - in at least two instances - joyless, mechanical sex. it also proves that screenwriters and film-makers mar their own creations when they become too manipulative.in the extra features on the "lord of the flies" dvd, director peter brook says, "french cynicism starts with the arousal of sex," meaning the french regard children as angels while they regard adolescents and adults with a pervasive cynicism. part of the downfall of this film is film-maker celine sciamma has gulped a mighty dose of this cynicism."where is the joy?" i asked myself while watching this film. yes, first love can be painful and frustrating, but it can also be joyful and triumphantly erotic in a fresh, life-affirming way. these positive aspects are missing from this movie; there is no balance.organically, this movie wants to be a poignant celebration of first love. but sciamma is too impressed with her own cynicism and cleverness and ruins the film. first, what is the point of showing only the plump girl nude? i know there is an established tradition of tasteful teen nudity in european cinema, as evidenced by films like "the slingshot; the rascals; the devil, probably; the little thief; murmur of the heart; friends; beau pere" and "europa, europa"; but this instance is a petty authorial intrusion - "see, audience, i can make a film where i show only the unattractive person nude." either no nudity or evenly distributed nudity would've been an honest way to go.there is a scene in a club where floriane and marie are dancing. what follows next is not just floriane cynically manipulating marie; it is film-maker sciamma cynically manipulating her audience.perhaps the biggest betrayal of authenticity and organic honesty takes place when floriane warns marie she's about to request something that is "not normal." marie understandably asks, "who cares about being normal?" then sciamma plays false with her audience and the hurtling momentum of the movie, because floriane's request is a phony, derivative and substitute question - not the authentic, heartfelt question the movie, marie's character and the viewers who've invested their time deserve. here are also two moments which clank falsely on the viewer's nerves: 1) since when do the french - of all people - take baths wearing bathing suits, and with a turtle to boot? 2) what teen - of any nationality - would chomp down on an apple core that's been thrown in the garbage in order to get a taste of the beloved's mouth?the three main actresses are promising and, if they find better vehicles for their talents, may become excellent actors. louise blachere (anne) is the best actress in terms of technique and could have a successful career in supporting roles. adele haenel (floriane) could become a leading lady, or a bombshell, or both. pauline acquart (marie) possesses an intensity and magnetism which are unmistakable. in the future, she could play everything from an emotionally crippled librarian to a mysteriously sensual seductress to a reluctant politician riding a meteoric rise in acclaim.all in all, "water lilies" was very disappointing. will an honest film-maker please make an authentic movie about two young women falling in love! no - not necessarily for the sake of this middle-aged guy - but so young lesbian girls can have something of quality they can watch and identify with. and yes, to fill a subject matter gap in world cinema.

when i ordered this from blockbuster's website i had no idea that it would be as terrible as it was. who knows? maybe i'd forgotten to take my add meds that day. i do know that from the moment the cast drove up in their station wagon, donned in their late 70's-style wide collars, bell-bottoms and feathered hair, i knew that this misplaced gem of the disco era was glory bound for the dumpster.the first foretelling of just how bad things were to be was the narration at the beginning, trying to explain what cosmic forces were at play to wreak havoc upon the universe, forcing polyester and porno-quality music on the would-be viewer. from the opening scene with the poorly-done effects to the "monsters" from another world and then the house which jumps from universe to universe was as achingly painful as watching an elementary school production of 'the vagina monologues'.throughout the film, the sure sign something was about to happen was when a small ship would appear. the "ship" was comprised suspiciously of what looked like old vcr and camcorder parts and would attack anyone in its path. of course if moved slower than bob barker's impacted bowels, but it had menacing pencil-thin armatures and the ability to cast a ominous green glow that could stop bullets and equipped with a laser capable of cutting through mere balsa wood in an hour or two (with some assistance).moving on... as the weirdness and bell bottoms continue... we found out that they're caught in a "space time warp". how do we garner this little nugget of scientific information? because the oldest male lead tells his son that, in a more or less off-the-cuff fashion, like reminiscing about 'how you won the big game' over a cup of joe or an ice-cold bottle of refreshing coca-cola. was pops a scientist? nope, but he knew about horses and has apparently meddled as an amateur in string theory and einstein's theories.the recording i watched on dvd was almost bootleg quality. the sound was muddy and the transfer looked like it had been shot off a theater screen with the video recorder on a cell phone, other than that, it was really, really, really bad. (there's not enough 'really's' to describe it, really).i know some out there love this movie and compare it to other cult classics. i never saw this film on its original release, but even back then i think i would've come to the same conclusion: bury this one quick.

i saw this when it was in the theater, it started out so strong i mean back in 1980 this was a bold movie and the special effects were excellent at the time. now you would have to of been at least 30 or so in 1980 to really understand this point because studying film historically misses the mind set at the time the expectations, and other related psychological factors. now as i said the movie was engaging suspenseful and very entertaining. it builds to an excellent climax then.... it ends i mean the person that described it as having a water balloon break in your hand before throwing it, besides being a very poetic description. in my experience, it was just not strong enough. my wife and i were well... how can i say this? we were upset, i mean we paid money, invested the time to watch the movie which was excellent. "we both felt we were robbed with an ending that convinced us both the production company must of run out of money and could not raise enough to finish it correctly. in fact my wife said it best, it did not end, it just stopped!

okay, now what the hell is this supposed to be? is it a family fantasy movie to cash in further on the huge success of spielberg's "close encounters of the third kind"? or a throwback to the glorious days of prehistoric epics such as "when dinosaurs ruled the earth" and "the lost world"? perhaps it's an intellectual & philosophical masterpiece we all fail to comprehend? yes, that must be it! whatever it is, the creators of "the day time ended" (good old john 'bud' cardos of "kingdom of the spiders" and writer david schmoeller of "tourist trap") must have been sniffing quite a lot glue when they penned down the ideas for this demented hodgepodge of genres. the story doesn't make the slightest bit of sense and the narrative structure is incoherent as hell but, hey, who cares as long as it's got papier-mâché dinosaurs, miniature spacecrafts, headache-inducing light & laser shows and spontaneously combusting supernovas! the voice-over introduction is practically inaudible, but no worries as it's all gibberish! did you know that the definition of 'time' isn't what we all think it is? time doesn't necessarily pass by chronologically, it is one giant paradox! words that were spoken thousands of years ago are still floating around now and even things that will happen in the future are already surrounding us. i have absolutely no idea what all this means, but apparently it provides an easy excuse to gather tap-dancing midget aliens and well-mannered dinosaurs on screen together. i deliberately say well-mannered dinosaurs, because at a certain point one of the prehistoric monsters politely knocks on the front door before menacing his targets. the crazy plot revolves on a family of weirdos living in their solar-powered house in the middle of nowhere. grandpa is extremely annoying, the granddaughter even more, granny is a walking & talking advertisement billboard for plastic surgery, the youngest son strangely resembles prince valiant and the young mother is  incredibly hot! chris mitchum for some reason also pointless wanders around the filming sets as the hot mommy's husband on business travel. the special effects are purely cheesy and absolutely laughable (i sincerely hope that the other reviewer who talked about "excellent special effects" was being sarcastic), but the absolute most genius aspect here are the dialogs! just read this wondrous example of extraordinary writing: grandpa: "you know what this is, don't you? this is a time-space warp!stevie: "i'm not quite sure if i know what that means, dad"grandpa: "well, i guess nobody really does" make up your mind, gramps! do you know what it is or don't you? and stop talking about "the vortex" like you're some kind of expert in the field! "the day time ended" is an incredibly childish and not-worth-bothering-for fantasy movie, though i can totally understand that some of its fans cherish the film because they saw it at young age and became fascinated with the flamboyant effects. the ending completely comes out of nowhere, like they suddenly ran out of money or like the effects of the mushrooms they were eating wore out unexpectedly.

c'mon guys some previous reviewers have nearly written a novel commenting on this episode. it's just an old 60's tv show ! this episode of star trek is notable because of the most serious babe (yeoman barrow's) ever used on star trek and the fact that it was filmed in a real outdoor location. unlike the tng and voyager series which were totally confined to sound stages.this use of an outdoor location (and babe) gives proper depth and an almost film like quality to a quite ordinary episode of this now dated and very familiar show.except a few notable exceptions i.e "the city on the edge of forever" , "assignment earth" and "tomorrow is yesterday" the old series of star trek needs to be seriously moth-balled and put out of it's boring misery. half a dozen good episodes from 79 is quite a poor batting average.this is typical of the boring stuff gene roddenberry produced back then actually, contrary to popular belief where some people worshiped the ground he walked on, he actually made a lot of rubbish! he doesn't deserve to be spoken of in the same breath as irwin allen for example.just look at the set of the bridge of the enterprise from a modern point of view. they used wobbly plywood for the floor, cafeteria chairs with plastic backs and cheap cardboard above the instrument panels. you can clearly see the folds in the paper ! every expense spared or what !

this picture started out with good intentions, bacon the scientist out to test the theory of invisibility, and shue is cute as usual in her role. it all falls apart after that, it's your typical hollywood thriller now, filmed on a soundstage with special effects galore, minus any kind of humour, wit or soul. in other words, don't waste your time watching this. get the audiocassette tape with john delancie as the invisible man instead, also starring leonard nimoy. now that was good, and hg wells is well served, unlike with this mess.

i rarely make these comments but i felt compelled to spare others the pain i endured in watching this movie. it's so stupid and implausible both in the overall story and in the details that you simply can't suspend disbelief. the problem starts early, when you see a government researcher tooling around in a new porsche and dining with his team in a restaraunt that looks like a castle, overlooking the capitol building in washington, d.c. that kind of life on a government salary? hah! it only gets worse. toward the end, when the bad guy starts killing off the good guys, the latter group act so stupidly that you want them to die, in order to cleanse the gene pool. the special effects are pretty good - any producer's money can buy that - and the lead actors have been great in other films, but the screenplay and direction here are moronic. many people have wondered whether there was some deliberate intelligence behind paul verhoeven's previous, facially stupid movies (showgirls, starship troopers), but this movie should stop the wondering. he's just plain bad.

that's what i found myself saying time after time in the remarkably inept 3rd act of this sorry excuse for a film. first off, the computer effects are absolutely mind-blowing! those computer wizs' really deserve a pat on the back. the rest of the movie, though...none of the characters act in a realistic manner, especially in the aforementioned, despicable 3rd act (i promise i won't give it away, but trust me, it's not worth keeping a secret!). a lot of laughs in the film come unintentionally, like when they try to explain that an invisible man's eyelids don't work. please, give the viewers more credit than that!!!some of the sexual aspects of the film were interesting. what would you do, after all, if you were invisible? no one could catch you! these issues were dealt much more intelligently in the classic the invisible man from 1933. there is one scene of violence in particular that is so incredibly ambiguous, and is not mentioned once later on. if more attention had been paid it, kevin bacon's mad scientist might have made a little more sense. the movie would actually be much more successful as a porno, since the premise could actually be carried out in a unique and interesting manner. but this piece of work... go see something else. or don't, and live with the consequences!3/10

to describe this film as garbage is unfair. at least rooting through garbage can be an absorbing hobby. this flick was neither absorbing nor entertaining.kevin bacon can act superbly given the chance, so no doubt had an irs bill to settle when he agreed to this dire screenplay. the mad scientist story of 'hollow man' has been told before, been told better, and been told without resorting to so many ludicrously expensive special effects.most of those special effects seem to be built around the transparent anatomical dolls of men, women and dogs you could buy in the early seventies. in the uk they were marketed as 'the transparent man (/woman/dog)' which is maybe where they got the title for this film.clever special effects, dire script, non-existent plot.

another violent, angry fantasy from paul verhoeven. verhoeven is a puzzle: it's difficult to tell whether he takes his sordid impulses seriously, with sardonic intent or operates in complete oblivion. he also seems completely ignorant of the fact that all the brilliant visuals in the world (and this has some outstanding ones) cannot hide a negligence to story, dialogue and performance. kevin bacon plays a corrupt scientist who has discovered invisibility and uses it to drive himself into moral bankruptcy. bacon is normally a likable actor who occasionally shows his dark side (`the river wild') in an attempt to offset his boyish looks; given the material, however, bacon isn't nearly hateful enough to compel. the other principals are elisabeth shue and josh brolin, neither of whom are gifted enough to make a solid impression and who, when forced to deliver inane dialogue, embarrass themselves. the climax is a study in preponderance and disbelief has to be truly suspended.

shortly after seeing this film i questioned the mental competence of every actor and actress that accepted a role. elizabeth shue is a commendable actress, why would she embrace such an overrated opportunity? i must give credit where credit is due, though. some moments in the movie were unpredictable and rather transfixing, but they hardly made up for the scathing perverse tendencies of kevin bacon's character, sebastian caine. i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, man or woman, that has any form of self-respect to account for.

this movie is worth watching if you enjoy marvelling over special effects. there are some interesting visuals.aside from that, it's typical nineties/aughties hollywood fare of dazzle without substance. true to the title.it's not worth picking apart the story. that's like performing brain surgery on a dinosaur. there's not much there to begin with. it's nothing original and not very special. so don't go in for the story at all. just look at the effects.as has been mentioned, it got a little flashy at the end, diluting the purity of great fx treatment of an invisible (and at times half invisible) man. however if you ignore the "standard" pyrotechnics, it's a sight to behold (or not to behold).all in all, it's a decent fx film worth seeing for that purpose and that alone.

the buzz for this film has always been about the fabulous graphics that make kevin bacon disappear. sadly, they stopped there. they should have continued to make the script disappear, then the silly set, and finally every visible element of this film. because, there's nothing else there to show.gary thompson and andrew marlowe are listed as the writing credits for this film. i don't really think they exist. i think they bought this script at "scripts-r-us", where you buy a standard blank "monster movie" script and just fill in the blanks. there's a monster stalking us. let's split up. (they actually "let's split up" in this movie). hit alien/giant-bug/monster/invisible-man with crowbar. not dead yet. burn huge-rabbit/shark/invisible-man in unsurvivable fire. not dead yet. you know, the standard stuff. even the minimum number of elements that were specific to an invisible man movie (ir glasses, spraying with something like paint) were handled badly. what is sad is that there were lots of possibilities for this to be a fascinating movie. they psychological issues for the subject, the deterioration of the mind due to the process, treating an invisible subject, and many other ideas were touched on for usually less than 2 seconds and would have been far more interesting. had there been any desire to save kevin bacon in the end, it would have been a much better movie. all in all, it stunk.i would mention some of the incredibly stupid elements of the ending of the movie, but i don't want to do any spoilers. suffice it to say that these characters are so stupid they don't think about pulling the plug on a machine rather than...

i love special effects and witnessing new technologies that make science fiction seem real. the special effects of this movie are very good. i have seen most of this movie, since it's been airing on hbo for the past couple of months. i must admit, i may have missed a few scenes, but i'm usually drawn into movies, and have seen some scenes more than once. but every time i see some of "hollow man," i feel depressed, almost like a "film noir." i'm not sure why; perhaps it's that i don't want kevin bacon to be evil, and there's disappointment in that. but i think it's witnessing just how relentlessly evil he becomes. regardless, i can recommend this movie for excitement (although some parts move slowly), but i do not recommend for youngsters under the age of 14 (perhaps 12, if they are mature).

other than some neat special effects, this movie has nothing to offer. they threw in some gore and some nudity to try and make it interesting, but with no success. kevin bacon's acting was pretty good, but he couldn't salvage the movies lack of plot.

i saw this movie when it was released, and my distaste for it has stuck with me all these years. here's why: greenaway's goal seems to be to take every literary image in the tempest and make it literal. if a character were to say, "my heart takes flight," we'd be shown an actual human heart, with pigeon wings attached, flapping across the screen. this process makes for some lush tableaux, but ultimately it's a facile exercise. and it becomes deadly boring.i don't begrudge the pleasure other viewers found in this movie, but it's worth knowing that not everyone in the audience was enraptured.

every now and again you hear radio djs inviting listeners to nominate movies that the listener can't stand or never watched all the way through. this is the movie that i think of...days later.it's got something to do with a play by shakespeare. not sure, but i think i bailed on this movie some 20 odd minutes into it...think i realised that my toenails wouldn't clip themselves, and they were looking at me imploringly to get cut.this movie just seemed boring and pretentious to me.even though this is the first movie i've given such a low score to (which i've actually attempted to watch), i wouldn't want to put you off other movies by it's english director, peter greenaway. i remember thinking that his "the cook, the thief, his wife and her lover" was a truly great british film even though its content was at times stomach churning-a brilliant movie, but i can understand why people would balk at seeing it.another good film by greenaway was "a zed and two noughts". again, it had some content that pushed the boundaries of good taste, but was intriguing nonetheless.the other film that i usually think of too late for such radio show topics is "brazil". never managed to watch that all the way through either-kept falling asleep!unless you have a taste for self-important movies which are off-puttingly highly stylised, laboriously paced and difficult to follow, then steer clear of prosero's books.

"sir" john gielgud must have become senile to star in a mess of a movie like this one.;this is one of those films, i suppose, that is considered "art," but don't be fooled.....it's garbage. stick to the "art" you can admire in a frame because the films that are labeled as such are usually unintelligible forgeries like this.in this masterpiece, giegud recites shakespeare's "the tempest" while the camera pans away to nude people. one of them a little kid urinating in a swimming pool. wow, this is heady stuff and real "art," ain't it?? that's just one example. most of the story makes no sense, is impossible to follow and, hence, is one that liberal critics are afraid to say they didn't "understand" so they give it high marks to save their phony egos. you want shakespeare? read his books.

i came at this film with high expectations. i was aware of greenaway's work and 'the tempest' and was interested in an adaptation. i first wanted to switch off after ten minutes, but felt that it would be unfair. there was a representation of a storm, but where in your mind do you conceive a small boy peeing over a toy boat? it is symbolic of what? i continued another ten minutes my finger twitching over the 'off' button, somewhere something would capture my interest. this is not shakespeare, it is not cinema. there is a time and place for it, but i will not waste my time and there is no place for it in my studies of shakespeare. after twenty five minutes i gave up and that was the end. i then read all the comments on this website and the pretentiousness of the film is only matched by its defendants. 'its a painting.....then put it in a gallery', 'it's a ballet.....keep it on the stage then'. shakespeare can be done intelligently, and the plays were performed to mass audiences, they were accessible, and this version helps put a wedge between shakespeare and the general population at large - and i do not think that the bard would be happy with that.

i usually talk a bit about the plot in the first part of my review but in this film there's really not much to talk of. just a mish-mash of other far better sword & sorcery epics. lack of cohesiveness runs rampant as does banality. even the main villaness refusing to wear clothing other then a loincloth is pretty boring as she pretty much has a chest of a young boy.mildly amusing in it's ineptitude at best and severely retarded at it's worst. lucio fulci was scrapping the bottom of the barrel here and it shows.my grade: d- dvd extras: posters & stills galleries; lucio fulci bio; and us & international theatrical trailers eye candy: sabrina siani is topless throughout (some may consider that appealing, i did not); various extras are topless as well

this was a watershed event in my movie watching life. i went to see this in the theater when it came out. i was completely amazed at just how bad it was. movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. the special effects are absolutely first grade level, as in any first grader could have done them. toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. ed wood made masterpieces compared to "conquest". every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a bad movie.

warning: this review contains a spoiler. wow. almost impressively bad. note i said, "almost". this is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. the protagonists (you cannot call them "heroes") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. there's also tons of homoeroticism, which was a turnoff for me. (spoiler: it seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) i can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. if you're in a mst3k mood, you might find this watchable, but for the most part you can forget it. go rent the original conan dvd instead.

paul verhoeven finally bombed out on this one. he became a joke on himself. once again we have a film which includes sex and violence, immorality, leering at women and lots of attitiude talk between the characters and dollying pans.its all for nothing. because their is no action at all in this film. it fudges all its set pieces. all the actors give the kind of performances form a verhoeven film. in other words rampant over acting on almost every level. starship troopers got away with it because it was such a macho world the characters inhabited. in this scientists are acting the same way. sorry paul but soldiers and scientist are not really made of the same mindset.one major flaw in the plot was that after escaping for that one night to do evil things kevin bacons character then returns back to the science lab where we have already spent more then enough time watching these animated manniquens (elizabeth shue excepted) walk and talk. why not show the extent of what the character could do in the outside world. how could they possibly track him if he could be anywhere at all??? think os all the different things that could have been done with this concept, both in terms of story and characterisation. then look at what this film does and you really how badly done and concieved the whole project really was.more insulting is the doco on the dvd where everyone is claiming that verhoeven is some kind of mad genius. well one out of two isnt that bad.this film has nothing of note in it. just like the title says.hollow!!!

shlock-merchant leo fulci takes a change of pace by making a trashy, barely coherent sword and sorcery fantasy movie instead of his usual trashy, barely coherent horror. a wimpy orlando bloom type called ilias, from some society vaguely resembling ancient greece travels across the ocean to caveman territory on some vaguely defined quest to battle evil, where he joins up with a animal loving hunter to battle the wolf-man and mutant minions of a vampiric topless evil sorceress. wackiness ensues. the sorceress, is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself. she sends various minions, each weirder than the last, after our heroes who win through in the end, striking a blow for oppressed cavemen everywhere. this movie contains a steady stream of wtf? elements and moments.for some reason the entire movie is shot in soft focus and the picture is further blurred by the constant presence of mist on screen. this may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks. either way, it failed. there is no atmosphere, unless it is one of scuzziness and mild bewilderment and there is no hiding how lame everything looks. the wolf-man minions look like a poor man's wookie. for some reason the director fell in love with shots of them leaping through the air in slow motion, six million dollar man style, toward our heroes when they attack. there are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets goofier every time. the other minions of the topless sorceress, other than the generic leather clad humans, are some lumpy white mutants who appear to be covered in cobwebs. needless to say they are slow and unthreatening and when they speak sound like gay hispanic, lisping daleks. the fights are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are woeful. oh yeah, the music is cheap synthesiser stuff that the makers of doctor who would have been embarrassed to have used.ilias, our nominal hero is bland and forgettable. he also looks a complete wuss, especially with his midriff revealing leather outfit and big hair, and is clearly a moron. sure, he's a dynamite shot with his magical bow but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to battle this entire continent of evil. needless to say he runs out of arrows within a few minutes and has to be saved by more traditional sword and sorcery hero, mace. when he meets ilias he establishes himself as the taciturn loner type, claiming he has no friends but no sooner can you say latent homoerotic subtext they are bosom buddies, traipsing the misty hills together. mace promises to take ilias with him in return for bow related favours. ilias asks where he is going. "wherever my legs take me," is his reply. good enough for ilias. mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite. he proclaims his great love of and affinity toward animals, citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be soooo mean. he says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but he will steal meat off other people who have hunted down animals. he is also not above randomly killing innocent passers by for no good reason. not long after they meet, he is testing out ilias' bow and the movie cuts to some random caveman, minding his own business, walking along and mace shoots him dead. there is no indication this poor soul did anything to deserve this and even ilias, who supposedly hails from a more moral and civilised society doesn't even raise an eyebrow. the films villainess is quite unusual. for the entire movie she is completely naked except from a g-string and a golden mask that encompasses her entire head. it's like fulci included her to make the movies obligatory t&a quotient but decided she was bit too much of a butterface at the last minute. she spends a lot of time seemingly being pleasured by her pet snakes and dreaming about being shot by a faceless bow wielding man who is dressed like ilias. wow, such symbolism! later on in the movie she wimps out when she can't beat ilias and mace and promises to make herself the sex-slave of some ancient warrior dude if he kills them for her. hardly the world's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women's rights. i think he sic's the cobweb creatures on our heroes and impersonates mace in a situation where there is no no-one else around but mace to fool. was he really worthy trading your self respect for, ocron? there are quite a few other wtf? moments. most of them come toward the end of the movie. ilias wusses out, i forget why, possibly his permed hairdo got mussed, but realizes the error of his ways and returns to aid mace in fighting the forces of evil. all of a sudden, for no reason, his bow can suddenly fire out multiple target seeking bolts of energy. the bolts can also shoot through solid rock when necessary. needless to say his makes short work of the hordes of bad guys who have captured mace.the climax is also rather nonsensical. mace decimates ocron's remaining forces using the bows targeted laser attack capability. he then is able to shoot ocron from a kilometre away using its shoot through rock capacity. she starts dying. her mask is ripped of revealing a hideous muppet head. she staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders off with another dog. mace smiles. roll credits.strangely enough as far as these dodgy low budget sword and sorcery movies this one is reasonably lucid and focused. any one who has seen wizards of the lost kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering these movies can truly be.

ah, lucio fulci, rest in peace. this infamous italian is mostfamous for "zombie," and the absolutely unwatchable "thepsychic" and "manhattan baby." well, add this to the unwatchablelist.the plot, as it were, concerns a nekkid woman who wears a goldmask and a g-string. she wants the power of a young dubbedstud who has a set of magic arrows and a bow. they are magicbecause they glow. arrow boy teams up with a guy in a bad wig,and they spend most of the movie rescuing each other from flataction sequences. in the end, the nekkid chick is defeated, but notbefore taking the mask off and reminding me why i broke up withmy high school girlfriend.fulci bathes every shot in an orange glow and fills the screen withsmoke. nothing like a smoky orange action sequence to make youcrave sunny delight and a cigarette. the special effects arelaughable. in one sequence, our ambiguously gay duo areattacked by dozens of arrows that are obviously pin scratches onthe film itself. the majority of the effects budget must have beenspent on the fulci-licious gore, which consists entirely of spurtingwounds. hey, we can all use a good spurting wound once in awhile, but when you get into spurting wound overkill, it gets boring.i kept having to play with the brightness setting on my tv anywayjust to see what the heck was happening.there is lots of talk of fulfilling omens and prophecies, so let medo a little look into the future...if you find this movie and watch it,you will regret it. the scene on the video box (by media) does notappear in the film in any context whatsoever. "conquest" is a conjob. what mst3k could have done with this!this is rated (r) for strong physical violence, strong gore, femalenudity, brief male nudity, and mild sexual content.

i like fulci films, i really do and not in some boring ironic way either but i recognise that they appear hopelessly inept and garbled to lots of people.conquest is where fulci tries his hand at the epic fantasy genre and doesn't really succeed. structurally, it's like most fulci films you've seen. some stuff happens, some more stuff happens and occasionally one scene might be tangentially related to another. really it's like conan with no sets, no script, no real actors (yes, arnold scharzenfartz is hardly an actor either), no budget, stupid looking dog soldiers and a bunch of gore.this one was a hard one to get through and i could've lived without the inch of vaseline smeared on the camera to give it that hair metal music video look.

the plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify as "plot" and "character". the biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark, out-of-focus, and blurry. the fact that fulci filled the whole movie with mist doesn't help. on the other hand, the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence. the inconsistencies are pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from fulci. maybe it ruined his career, but it wasn't really much more stupid than zombie. worth a rental if you like gory italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre. how do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?

despite being released on dvd by blue underground some five years ago, i have never come across this italian "sword and sorcery" item on late-night italian tv and, now that i have seen it for myself, i know exactly why. not because of its director's typical predilection for extreme gore (of which there is some examples to be sure) or the fact that the handful of women in it parade topless all the time (it is set in the dark ages after all)it is, quite simply, very poor stuff indeed. in fact, i would go so far as to say that it may very well be the worst of its kind that i have yet seen and, believe me, i have seen plenty (especially in the last few years i.e. following my excursion to the 2004 venice film festival)! reading about how the film's failure at the time of initial release is believed to have led to its director's subsequent (and regrettable) career nosedive into mindless low-budget gore, i can see their point: i may prefer fulci's earlier "giallo" period (1968-77) to his more popular stuff horror (1979-82) myself but, even on the latter, his commitment was arguably unquestionable. on the other hand, conquest seems not to have inspired fulci in the least  seeing how he decided to drape the proceedings with an annoyingly perpetual mist, sprinkle it with incongruent characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated to a gratuitous, nasty cannibal dinner just before witnessing the flesh-eating revelers having their brains literally beaten out by their hairy antagonists!) and even some highly unappetizing intimacy between the masked, brain-slurping villainess (don't ask) and her slimy reptilian pet!! for what it is worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young magic bow-carrying boy on some manhood-affirming odyssey (andrea occhipinti) and his rambling muscle-bound companion (jorge rivero i.e. frenchy from howard hawks' rio lobo [1970]!) who, despite being called mace (short for maciste, perhaps?), seems to be there simply to drop in on his cavewoman from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble (particularly during an exceedingly unpleasant attack of the 'boils'). unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material comes up short here as ex-goblin claudio simonetti's electronic score seems awfully inappropriate at times. fulci even contrives to give the film a laughably hurried coda with the surviving beefy hero going aimlessly out into the wilderness (after defeating one and all with the aid of the all-important magic bowso much for his own supposed physical strength!) onto his next  and thankfully unfilmed  adventure!

today, bea arthur died so i was cruising around the imdb web site and somehow wound up on a show called "gloria." "all in the family" was a brilliant show for its first four or five years and i bet i watched every episode more than once. however, i swear that i did not know a show named "gloria" existed. maybe, that's a good thing. maybe, it means i had a life as a young adult rather than watching television.on the other hand, it is pathetic that the "all in the family" franchise had deteriorated so much that it begat a show i never heard of -- and one that is rated very poorly by the previous reviewers.i rated the show a 1 for two reasons -- the system did not allow me to register a no vote and writers and tv execs should be condemned for starting a show that had no business being on the air and besmirches the memory of one of the greatest shows in tv history.shalom, zwrite

this was a classic case of something that should never have been. gloria was now a single mother, her husband had left her because she wouldn't live in some commune with him (he was mad that reagan had been elected and wanted to turn his back on society). right then and there i had problems with the series - come on, i say to myself, is this the same noble michael stivic that countered archie bunker's right winged philosophies? the series went on, but it just didn't have any pizazz. whatever momentum sally struthers gained from all the family was long gone. maybe, if the series had been given another name and presented as being totally independent of all in the family, it might have worked out. ah well, that's show business.

the bad news is it's still really dreadful. i gave it a 2 because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny.it's supposed to be better than "mulva, zombie ass kicker", and progress should be rewarded. or maybe i was drinking heavily when i watched it and felt generous. whatever, "2" it is.maybe the best thing about this movie is that it's over pretty quick. it takes elements from most of kill bill i & ii's key themes and fight scenes, hacks them up, dumbs them way down, dirties up the dialog, and squishes the whole mess into about an hour of truly awful amateur video.you'd best smoke a lot of something powerful if you want to enjoy this one. and get this dvd back to the video store on time! you'll really hate yourself if you have to pay a late fee.

although this is "better" than the first mulva (which doesn't say much anyways, i would rather watch paint dry) it still sucks. do yourself a favor and avoid anything from these low budget pictures guys. i was suckered into buying a few dvds to support some indy filmmakers and boy did i regret it. some haven't even been officially "released" yet (not bootlegs-bought from the filmmakers themselves) and i can't even list how bad they all are. avoid anything with teen ape or bonejack in them as they do pop up in other small indy films that they are friends with. if you are friends of these guys, chances are you were in their movies and had fun making them. but for those that had to watch them? no way. bad video, bad audio, bad acting, bad plot...etc etc. these aren't even funny. i gave this one a 2 only because debbie rochon is in it and that is about it. maybe it doesn't even deserve the 2. about a 1 1/16th star to show it was slightly better than the first (which i wish i could have rated in the negatives). if you want a decent no budget film, go pick up something from lbp's "friends" over at freak productions like marty jenkins or even raising the stakes. those are actually decent.

mulva is put in a sugercoma by teen ape. when she awakens she's considerably hotter (the parts played by debbie rochon in this sequel), and out for revenge on those that did her wrong. as the sub-title and box art implies this is indeed a take off on the "kill bill" films, but this being a chris seaver's film, it's a wildly incompetent satire (and i use that last term extremely loosely) i'd love to say this is better than the first film, but truth be told i was so impossibly drunk off my ass when i saw the previous film that i can't even hope to compare the two at this point in time. but i must have enjoyed it since i bought the sequel (see when i'm drunk i like, for lack of a better word, complete and total crappy movies) there are a few laugh out loud moments (very few) but i do remember bonejack being funnier though. well at least at slightly over an hour, it is over mighty quickly for what it's worth.my grade: d+ dvd extras: audio commentary by director chris seaver, actress debbie rochon, and the lbp gang; second commentary by seaver; 31 minute making of featurette; lloyd kaufman's 6 minute tribute to low budget pictures; fake 2 minute syrup commercial; stills gallery; promo trailer; and trailers for :mulva", 'quest for the egg salad", "fiilthy mcnasty"1, 2, & 3; "the feral man", "the bonesetter", "midnight skater", "demon summer" & "splatter rampage wrestling"

unfortunately, one of the best efforts yet made in the area of special effects has been made completely pointless by being placed alongside a lumbering, silly and equally pointless plot and an inadequate, clichéd screenplay. hollow man is a rather useless film.practically everything seen here has been done to death - the characters, the idea and the action sequences (especially the lift shaft!) - with the only genuinely intriguing element of the film being the impressive special effects. however, it is just the same special effect done over and over again, and by the end of the film that has been done to death also. i was hoping before watching hollow man that the invisible man theme, which is hardly original in itself, would be the basis of something newer and more interesting. this is not so. it isn't long before the film turns into an overly-familiar blood bath and mass of ineffectual histrionics - the mound of clichés piles up so fast that it's almost impressive.on top of all this, kevin bacon does a pretty useless job and his supporting cast are hardly trying their best. good points might be a passable jerry goldsmith score (but no competition for his better efforts), a quite interesting use of thermal imagery and the special effects. i was tempted to give this film three out of ten, but the effects push hollow man's merit up one notch.4/10

a bit of a disappointing film, i'd say: the acting was stilted, somehow. in many cases, i just couldn't feel that the facial expressions matched the words spoken or the intent of the scene. an angry (or sad, happy, frustrated) character should make the viewer believe that he's angry (or sad, happy, frustrated). that doesn't happen here.the comment about the writers assuming you already know the characters was apt. they do things and say things which come out of nowhere: the character andrew accuses his parents of sending signals to each other at dinner; then he blows up and storms out, telling his father "don't touch me, you f***!". maybe, if we'd seen the prequel, we would understand where all that comes from, but there is no prequel, so we're somewhat at sea as to the reason! one odd, quirky thing that andrew does is to go to an old stone quarry, sit down on the edge overlooking the "still water" below; then he reaches into his jeans pocket and extracts a pack of cigarettes and lights one up. he did this same thing three times during the film; i guess we're supposed to see this as some tortured act of being alone and angry? maybe once, but three times? it might even have been four times, i lost count.to be honest, there is the fact that he's recently found out that he's adopted; this happens very early in the film so there's no sense of any dramatic change he might be undergoing because of this discovery. it's not really clear if that's why he's so bitter or if it's about something else.i guess there is a sort of lynchian feel to the film but should a first-time director really be trying to scale such a mountain so early in his career?

this could be one of the worse movies i've ever seen. i don't see how could this ever be described as a horror movie, or even a thriller? its more like a lumbering drama. the scary music is excellent but since there weren't any scary situations the director thought it would be a good idea to use it for everyday activities like taking a dump or walking down stairs. the movie had so much potential. they had beautiful cinematography (sp?) and interesting characters, but it seemed as if the writers assumed you already knew them. they would undergo peculiar activities without explanation or even a clue at what they meant. this is simply one of those movies that says its about one thing and it something totally different.

i don't normally feel much of an incentive to comment on films i don't like, but in a case like this one, i just have to say something. this movie is terrible, illogical, and stupid. there are so many flaws in the storytelling that i don't even feel obliged to elaborate on because it's time for me to move on from this experience. the most annoying point is, however, that at no point in the film does anyone explain whether the motivations for bacon's character's madness are due to a power trip or a physiological reaction to his condition.granted the special effects are impressive, and in the past paul verhoeven has done some good stuff (the director's cut of robocop on dvd is great). however, this movie is stupid and generally doesn't come near to explaining the point or technical aspect of the subject matter, and instead settles for predictable action without any enjoyment. in short, as many other reviews here say (wish i had read them before...) - stay away from this film!

well...the movie was a fun watch. the main problem with this movie is the fact that it goes against everything that most vampire myths abide by. like vampires that walk in the sunlight. though there are parts that just make you enjoy the way society makes movies. a scene where a vampire gets stabbed and screams "ow this hurts...it's really stuck." then there seems like there might be scenes missing but you get used to after a while. and there are random dream sequenes' that really don't help with the plot. come to think of it, nothing really made sense, but i just got a bunch of friends and watched it twice to get the full effect. come to think of it the fight scenes were aweful, and the zombies were just fun to watch. slowly as i write more of this i like this movie more. but you know, all in all you can't expect schindlers list but its a fun watch.

this is the absolute worst movie i have ever seen!! there was absolutely nothing good to say about this movie. i have seen some bad movies but this one takes it. there is no plot and most of the movie you are either fast forwarding the movie to get it done faster or you are wondering what the hell is going on because you can't seriously think that someone thought of this movie and you are watching it. i feel sorry for anyone who has to sit through this painful hour and a half. please take my advice and do not watch this movie for i know you will think it is the biggest waste of time you have ever spent in your life.

as myself and my other half are big fans of trash horror we couldn't resist getting out a movie that contained both of the greats we were thrilled! however for a 2004 movie with a rip off cover of freddy vs jason this is a disgrace! the worst film i have ever seen but worth a look for a laugh if you are able to sit through it!the acting is awful the effects...well i could do better on my camcorder in fact its so bad they only bothered to put make up on the zombies faces and left out neck, hands etc. no story line, weird flashbacks that make no sense and terrible script!"you broke my tooth!" from one vampire "you broke my cigar" was the response from the human who looked like uncle jessie from dukes crossed with santa!

vampires vs. zombies starts with the breaking news that the unidentified disease that is spreading across america leaves the sufferer with homicidal & cannibalistic tendencies... travis fontaine (c.s. munro) & his teenage daughter jenna (bonny giroux) listen to the radio as they drive along the isolated backwoods roads to try & escape the disease when travis runs over a guy who i assume is meant to be a zombie. slightly further down the road he stops to help julia (brinke stevens) & her teenage daughter carmilla (maratama carlson) who are waving at the side of the road, at this point there is also a third teenage girl named tessa (melanie crystal) sitting in the back of julia's car bound & gagged. to me this situation would seem strange but travis, like the trooper he is, takes it all in his stride & agrees to 'take' carmilla off julia's hands &, well i don't know actually. so, with a complete stranger, travis drives off leaving julia & tessa. carmilla seems like a nice girl but she turns out to be a vampire & she likes to bite people & turn them into vampires, oh & she's partial to a bit of lesbianism too. travis, carmilla & jenna continue to travel while some guy who calls himself the general (peter ruginis) who appears to be some sort of vampire killer & probably has something to do with it all but the film is such a mess it doesn't really matter & i really don't know how to carry on this plot outline as my head hurts just thinking about it...co-edited, co-executive produced, written & directed by the supremely untalented vince d'amato vampires vs. zombies is one of the worst horror films ever & therefore one of the worst films ever period. the script by d'amato was apparently based on a classic story entitled 'carmilla' by sheridan le fanu (he should sue) & is an absolute mess, the holes in the plot & logic are so big you could drive a tank through them! what is the disease that turns people into zombies? why is carmilla a vampire? who is julia to her? who the hell is the general? what does he want? where are travis & jenna going? how can travis run a man over & yet not have the slightest bit of human emotion over it? what's with the mental ward at the end? there are also some confusing & unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more. there are just so many things wrong with this film, the narrative doesn't make a blind bit of sense, the concept is terrible & never really explained properly plus it's incredibly boring. i have not one positive thing to say about vampire vs. zombies, not one. forget about any vampires fighting zombies because it just doesn't happen, tell me again why is this film called vampires vs. zombies?director d'amato has served up one of the most incompetent, rubbishy, badly made, poorly thought out & excruciatingly painful viewing experiences ever made. vampires vs. zombies really has no redeeming qualities at all, there is not one single aspect that i can praise. the gore is really fake looking, there are some blood splats which look like red water, some really cheap staking effects & a half decent climax where the zombies feast on carmilla's & jenna's intestines, this fairly gory scene is probably the best part of the whole wretched film but it only lasts for a couple of minutes & in no way makes up for the other turgid 85.the budget on vampires vs. zombies must have been small, in fact did it even have a budget because most of it is set on a road in a couple of cars. this is one of the most badly made horror films it's been my misfortune to watch, the entire thing just sucks. the acting is predictably awful, & i mean awful.there isn't much else left to say, vampires vs. zombies is easily one of the worst films ever made. the (v) next to the title on the imdb's main page for vampires vs. zoimbies indicates that it went straight to video, well that's far too good for this pile of crap as it deserves to go straight on the nearest fire.

where to start? ok, don't compare this film to fight club for a start - ridiculous. if it was even a patch on fight club, the violence, blood, gore etc would be much more evident and realistic. secondly, this film is no football factory - which is so much more real (and danny dyer makes nicholas nickelby look like an embarrassment). fair enough, the storyline is quite decent and the fight scenes are well choreographed - with a decent ending i might add. but the film on the whole is poor, seriously poor. as people have been mentioning the accents should not spoil a film - i disagree - either a simple casting error, or a lack of effort in coaching the voices caused the film to be irritating all the way through - it was obvious from scene one some american/geordie was playing the role. don't get me wrong, good looking guy, who looks great with a skin head - but no not a football hooligan. i could go on forever about how ridiculous the football scene was - the 'fake steward' situation. also, when the gse are going to play united up north, they go on the train expecting only 3 of them - doesn't make any sense - this a real organisation of gangsters and thugs, which is portrayed in the film to be some mickey mouse cult of about 5 people. in terms of accuracy - did west ham and milwall not play for the last couple of years they have been in the championship together? hmm, ten years ok. and i'm sure 'bother' would be able to just waltz into a milwall firm pub. basically, a very poor film which people will like if they have little knowledge of real football, and hooliganism. if you do actually love football and are intrigued by the underworld of hooliganism,, you will simply feel as though this film has insulted your intelligence. ross george

this is possibly the worst film i've ever seen. the fact that it has a flimsy storyline is bad enough, that they've hooked it around the subject of football violence makes it 100 times worse.i had severe doubts about the premise of this film even before i started watching, but went into it open minded enough even to accept the way that the writers saw fit to introduce elijah wood's character matt into the hooligan scene.but the film throws up inaccuracy after inaccuracy, to the point that by the middle of the film each one makes you cringe harder than the time before.let's clear up a few things: hooligans don't tend to virtually smash up their own pub before a run-of-the-mill league game; they don't set out to kill each other; they don't only wear stone island (and others in the crowd, hooligans or not, do). they most certainly don't, when having taken exception to a new firm member, trot off to their rival firms territory for pie and mash. and i'd love to meet the hool who would go and grass on his firm's top boy to the rival firm. (although you can scratch what i said about setting to out kill each other if one does exist).don't get me wrong,i'm yet to see a film on the subject that doesn't contain some fantasy whims, but this is on a par with the firm for cluelessness.i found it ironical that wood's american nemesis is morally condemned by his character for being a cocaine user, when this is part and parcel of the british hooligan scene. the film chooses not to challenge wood's morals and instead steers clear of any of the firm using coke.i could go on, but i think i've made my point.as for the plot, it's highly unimaginative, and i'm sure if i hadn't spent the entire film bemoaning the points, and more, made above then i would have guessed what was going on sooner than i did. and believe me, i was well in front.i get the distinct impression this film is aimed at men, with the hope that women will enjoy the injection of emotional issues that are raised.if i'm right, then the makers have failed completely. it's too unrealistic to be enjoyed by anyone who knows about the scene, and i can't believe the kind of female who looks for emotive films would give a damn about any of the characters given their violent tendencies.are there any good points? maybe the fight scenes are well choreographed and filmed, but i'm rarely impressed by slow-mo action, certainly not when it's a fight as the point is a ruck is rousing enough anyway.there are some funny, if unrealistic moments. wood's trip to school did raise a smile for me. but a few mildly funny moments hardly make up for watching two hours of complete fabricated dross.if you're british avoid like the plague, if only not to further develop misconceptions of the scene if you're not in the know. if you're american, you may enjoy it, as it's clearly tailored to the market. but no one can deny the plot is flimsy, predictable and ultimately over the top.

green street, as it was called in the uk, or hooligans is a bad film. the story is full of fantastical ideas and premises that anyone who lives in england, has been to a football match or knows the first thing about football will spot immediately.my first main gripe with hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. don't get me wrong, i like elijah wood and have a great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he struggled to pull off this role. the main motivation for his character is anger at the system and anger at betrayal, however he spends much of the film placid and cheery, only displaying his pent up aggression in one brief scene towards the end of the film. this linked with his looks and physique make him a thoroughly unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligans. at no point during the film was i convinced that a) he could handle himself in a fight against such thugs and b) the 'firm' of thugs would accept such a person into their fold.the other main character is played by charlie hunnam. charlie looks the part, and is fairly convincing as a thug. unfortunately, being a native of newcastle upon tyne in the north of england, he demonstrates the worst east london accent since dick van dyke tried to go cock-en-y in marry poppins. details such as this probably will not bother an american audience who will be less attuned to regional dialect in the uk, but being from the uk it was a problem i couldn't ignore and it contributed to ruining the movie for me. the supporting cast all gave convincing performances and were well cast, especially the role of bover. the lad playing this character would have been much more suited to the main role that charlie played. with a film like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately, the casting failed. imagine if you made a film like the godfather and had sean hayes (jack) from will and grace playing michael corleone's part. you would not be convinced. the story in hooligan is also full in implausibilities. i am no football hooligan, but i am a fantatical football fan. i know how cliquey a group of 'regular' football supporters can be, as such it deem it impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, is not from the area in question and not even of english nationality to be embraced by a 'firm' who equate to a secret organisation in some severe cases. my final, and biggest, problem with this film, is the way it portrays football hooligans. i take objection to the film's idea that despite being very violent individuals, hooligans are excused as they live by some sort of code of ethics in their own world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to each other. this is complete rubbish. football hooligans are complete scum. they take football, the national sport of england and use it as an excuse to terrorise, frighten and intimidate people. they only represent a tiny percentage of football fans but give the whole game and people of this country a bad reputation. they are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. if the 'gse' in this film truly loved their club, west ham, why would the devote their lives to being a stain on its name. hooligans are an embarrassment to football and to english society. football hooligans do for the reputation of football what hitler did to the reputation of germans. although this film tries/intends to show the 'gritty' side of football violence. it does nothing more than promote it as some kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport. it does not show the poor innocent by-standers at football matches who have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins/lighters/glass into the crowd. it does not show the innocent home and property owners who have to put up with graffiti and broken windows. it does not show the real fans of football clubs who suffer indignity and embarrassment when their teams supporters are banned from travelling to away matches or abroad to european games because the thugs among them ruin it for everyone. if you want to see a good film about football violence, watch the bbc drama 'the firm'.

most of the french films i've seen - and enjoyed - were more talk than action, but that's okay. i found them interesting, well-photographed and with intriguing actors. (however, i did at one point wonder if gerald depardieu was in every french film ever made! it seemed that way.)this movie has the same interesting visuals and had a good opening. but then it became talk, talk and more talk....which is fine for a drama but not for a murder mystery. after awhile, i almost fell asleep watching this.actually, the film was more like a play with almost all the scenes played out in one room. thus, if you love plays, you should like this...but i want a little more bang for a murder story.

i'm not saying that because the production values were so low, but because it was filmed terribly. that shot of the girl washing her hair in the creek? did we really need to sit there for an overlong shot and watch her do that for 5 minutes in the same spot? it was terrible, the lighting was just plain bad. you could barely see anything and when the characters were talking, you could barely hear what they were saying. did i watch the whole movie? of course not i skipped through most of it, and i don't want to hear anyone say i need to watch the whole thing first to judge it. this film was so poorly done and executed that even by independent and low budget standards it's just plain terrible. awful movie...don't waste any time on it unless you want a good laugh, but even then it's not because of the actors "funny" lines, it's because of how painstakingly bad the production is.

horrendous! avoid like the plague. i would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever. special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by day care students...wait, i have seen programs better than this. opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there. good nude scenes, but that is it. sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie. at times i would swear i could hear the roaring of the camera motors. yikes! i would like to see another movie on this story, but done by different people. this batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons. voted 1 out of 10.

after a fairly lengthy partially pixelated nude shower scene, we're off to the races for this "blair witch project"-esquire horror film about three girlfriends venturing to a desolate cabin deep in the woods to get away from their hectic lives for a girls' weekend out and smoke pot. they meet two guys who seem friendly enough, so they drink and tell ghost stories, until late in the movie some of them get picked off.this is a fairly slow movie, with needlessly drawn out 'suspense' scenes, the bad acting can't carry the myriad of scenes where nothing happens but mindless banter, and the movie as a whole is a dud, a deathly-boring dud at that. nothing at all happens until the last half hour and when it did i was to numb to really care.eye candy: ashley totin shows t&a; evy lutzky gets topless briefly; and jennifer hart shows her right tit my grade: d

"true" story of three girls who go into the wilds of connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. this is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across america thirty years ago to mixed acclaim. not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results. the film is watchable but isn't at all scary (blame how some of the attack scenes for that). its the sort of film that you'll probably forget about once you're done with it. odds are that you're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told, "here watch this", which is what happened to me. if you're handed a copy give it back, the film isn't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable.

this is one of those films that makes you want the time you spent watching it back, and then some, like the time you spent accidentally picking it out, the time you spent getting to the video store, etc.first off, the look: it's grainy, it's low budget. now that in itself doesn't make for a bad film. but the way it was filmed makes the action look unnatural, so that's kind of distracting.then, the story. 3 gals go on a gal's weekend away from guys. of course, as everyone does when going on a camping trip, they stop on the way to get earrings. when they arrive at the area in which they're going to stay, they get pulled over by mr. ranger sir, who scolds them for throwing a lit cigarette out of the car at fire season, and then drives them where they're going (a remote cabin). of course, 2 "cute guys" wander into their vicinity, and bambi (yes, bambi) and aubry are immediately smitten, but apparently bambi is smitten by anything with two legs. mady is rather disappointed by this development because she was looking forward to a weekend of forgetting about her ex by getting sh**-faced and stoned with her gal-pals.oh, and i almost forgot, there's a mean old hermit that lives up that way, that's perhaps someone to not tangle with, and the area & cabin in which they're staying have a sort of "reputation".so of course, sooner or later (unfortunately, much later) some of our weekend wood-visitors begin to die, and find various booby traps (although a couple of them actually hit a little lower than that) and of course, the remaining campers are understandably upset. no cell phone reception of course (who would miss out on a chance to check their cell phone for reception in a movie anymore?). mr. ranger sir keeps popping up at odd times & his behavior seems a bit odd but he has said he will get help.there's a fantastic twist to this that you just won't want to miss too, if you're still awake. pray that you wake up to a blank screen.the acting in this is terrible, the production values are terrible, and the whole undertaking is just lame & i find it amazing this was even released. avoid at all costs, 1 out of 10.

i have never seen such terrible performances in all my life.everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish.not one decent actor/actress in the whole film, it was a joke.reminded me of drama at school...

after the overrated success of amenabar and balaguero, spanish horror movies spread like a disease in the increasingly sad world of horror movies. the result is all in films like el segundo nombre, a tv-like production bad written, but acted and directed even worse. i didn't read the ramsey campbell book, but i'm sure that the author of the doll who ate its mother didn't have much in common with this terrible production. avoid it at any cost, unless you're searching for a quiet sleepy night in a fresh movie theater. 2/10

spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, but is not the case of "second name". it is badly directed, badly acted and boring...boring...boring, a missed chance for an interesting story.

i'm not sure who decides what category a movie fits into, but this movie is not a horror movie. as for the story, it was fairly interesting, but rather slow. i was especially disappointed with the ending though.**spoiler**tell me why on earth does she run over to her uncle's(?) home without at least calling the detective or the police first? she knows exactly what's going on at that point, plus she has a video tape as proof. instead, she runs over there and starts going nuts and saying "i know everything, i have proof! you didn't expect proof, did you?!" then she acts surprised when her uncle stands up and starts walking over to her as if he's going to harm her. well duh! of course he's going to harm you idiot, you just told him you know everything and have proof to expose everything. what a dumb ending.

ok, plain and simple, if you are a fan of the other tomb raider games (yes, even aod) keep away from legend.it is, without doubt, the most disappointing tr game yet. it looks very nice, it sounds very nice, but it is totally unplayable and i've given up. i feel like i've been robbed by eidos.it's very simple. tr was a pc game before anything else. you control lara using the keyboard. in 6 tomb raider games the controls were standard. in aod they were 'tacky', but still the same general control sequences. in legend they have changed her movement and control methods completely and she is totally uncontrollable.i have seen comments elsewhere from people who say 'use the mouse'. no, why should i? others say 'use a gamepad'. no, why should i? others say 'but this has been the standard for 3rd person controls for years' well, i don't care, it is not the standard for any other tr game so why mess with it. oh, i know, because they couldn't care less about their original, loyal fan base, they want to cash in on the new kids who hadn't even heard of the series until the movies came out and make lots more money. pathetic.my advice to any serious tr fan is keep away from this game, and if you do buy it complain to eidos. i have seen masses of other posts, mainly on the eidos forums, from people telling them how rubbish it is, perhaps they will listen.

this game has the(dis)honor of being the first game that i have stopped playing right in the middle of and felt like smashing into bits and then burning. congratulations. first and last tomb raider i will ever play i assure you.plot: just typing that word made me laugh. there isn't one. neither is there character development. we finally have a girl heroine who can take care of herself,who isn't a *beeping*mary-sue,but unfortunately she dresses like a slut and her breast are huge. they had to attract the sexist boy gamers you see. anyway all she does is go in tomb after tomb shooting things as she goes along. why she does this i have no idea. i had subtitles on and the t.v. as loud as i could and i still didn't understand a damn thing. the development(or lack there of) for her, her two friends and the*villains*were laughable. there also will be levels that you have to go through that do-not give you any hint on what you have to do next and you literally will be in most of the boring as hell tombs for hours trying to figure out what the hell you are supposed to be doing. there is one course(out of two) in particular with her on a motorbike(believe me it is not at all fun)that you will be on for atlease an hour with no save point in sight. that means you get hit by the other motorist and guys in vans shooting at you or you hit a tree you start the hour long trek over.boss stupid f*ck: you know lets makes the levels very long, have basically no save points, have no story, no character development, give no variety in game play, have most of the music on the longest levels ear-bleeding,and give no hints whatsoever to the player so they can stay even longer in a place instead of getting to the nonexistent plot.stupid f*ck one: those sound like bang up ideas.stupid f*ck two: i concur. who needs character development ,plot, or unboring game-play.todd: i'm sorry sir,but these ideas seem like they will extremely p*ss the player off.boss stupid f*ck: shut up todd. you're fired.game-play: all she does is shoot. of course she can flip while shooting, jump while shooting, or kick while again shooting.but flipping, jumping, and kicking does not erase the fact that all she is ultimately doing is shooting. boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! music: the intro music is extremely beautiful. i love listening to it. the in game music goes from tolerable to wanting to cut your ears off.visuals:considering this game was made in 2006, i was expecting the visuals to blow me away.well i was blown,but definitely not in a good way.bottom-line: this game is a plot-less, no character development mess with a barely dressed unmarysuish(thankfully)young women in the lead that goes through boring tombs for some boring reason(what that might be i couldn't tell you)with unimaginative shooting gameplay. stay far away from this b.s.!!!!!!!!it's gets two stars for having a women who isn't a damsel in distress(no matter how scantily clad she might be) and the beautiful into music.

this is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad taste, and nothing remotely causing a smile in the film. the movie is about a couple trying for a child, and those people in real life who are in that situation will wince at the depictions that are portrayed. for instance scenes at a fertility clinic are not in the least funny and are quite frankly embarrassing. the male lead who plays a construction worker and in his hard hat comes across as a poor excuse for a reject from village people. the female lead is trying to look 20 years younger than she is. both leads come across as unappealing,unattractive and completely unconvincing. there are various ridiculous and totally unassuming gratuitous scenes in the film, for example with a budget airline, which is devoid of any humor. the only reason i give this 3/10 instead of 1/10 is one mark for shirley maclaine, who is a a class above anything else in the pic, and one mark for some half decent(albeit old) music.

the best that i can say about this film is that it was mildly amusing at times, and that it was an adequate time killer. unfortunately, this film is also so annoying that i wanted to slap these characters around. this is the kind of film that is so sweet, it hurts your teeth. the intentions were good, i suppose, but things get awfully tiresome when the dialogue is so nauseating. when the two leads aren't together on-screen, this really isn't bad at all, but be afraid during those frequent moments when the loving couple starts talking to one another.

'a smile like yours' is a pathetic comedy that actually makes no sense. i don't mean that the story was complicated, but the entire plot is based on one thing: a couple's desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempts to conceive children. people who tried that hard must've forgotten of the option of the adoption, to which this movie is not kind to.lauren holly plays jennifer robertson, a complete contradiction to anything offered by the women's liberation movement, exhibiting almost no sense of independence. she is quite a boring character as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else on her mind but to have kids. like a dumb 50's romance comedy, greg kinnear is her submitting husband who likewise displays no personality, no independence, and from us, no interest.they are the two most boring and often annoying characters, and they hardly make for topics of a comedy that should present itself with many mishaps, which should arise from a couple doing all they can to get pregnant. except, they really don't do anything except go to a fertility clinic and shell out a whole lot of money to do what they could do in the privacy of their own (except for that in vitro fertilization number). the plot hardly allows for any mishaps, because well, the couple don't do anything to create any sort of bizarre situation. they just go to this clinic. so what?the subplots are meant to test the faithfulness of the couple, a necessary moral element of the story since the couple does plan on conceiving children together. jennifer works at a new age shop with her friend (played by joan cusak), and they are in the business of developing aphrodesiacs. christopher macdonald plays the intrested buyer and jennifer is the promising negotiator of a pretty price for her and her friend's product. the subplot hardly offers much to keep you interested (although joan cusak is pretty funny in the restaraunt scene).danny (kinear) is an architect, who finds an opportunity to make some extra money to cover the clinic bills, by taking on a job in seattle, where his boss is the crass seductress (also another hopeless, helpless female character) who tries to influence danny (as dumb as he is) to have an affair with her once things are conveniently rocky with him and his wife (for reasons i don't care to give away). jill hennesy is good in the role, but her character is too predictable, and too formulaic as a much needed element to create conflict for danny. it is stupid and once again, hardly interesting. the overall movie itself is utterly boring, and hardly funny at all (save the restaraunt scene and the airline flight). the plot offers nothing that is really attention-grabbing. even if the story was entirely about two people trying to conceive, the writers could've figured out several hilarious mishaps to develop out of that. second, the main characters are completely boring. they are complete silouhettes of dumb 1950s comedies with happy wife and clueless husband. so, even without mishaps present in the plot, the characters themselves offer nothing interesting, let alone funny.joan cusak should've been in the lead and someone else should've taken kinnear's part. cusak would've made even a lousy story outrageously funny (as she sometimes does in her co-starring role here). this is definitely one to pass up.

dane tries to hard and is to extreme with all of his yelling and going crazy, spilling water on himself and rolling on the floor. to much. calm down, get yourself together and make us laugh. i didn't quite understand his comparison toward comics and rock stars. just because there both up on stage or something? he said that every comedian wants to be a rock star. i'm sure rodney dangerfield was really into that when he was alive. he had a few good jokes like the burger king joke where people yell at the drive thru. i also liked the reese's pieces joke. if dane just didn't act so mental he might be funnier and i might have given this a higher rating, as high as maybe an eight.

waste of my life, .... the director should be embarrassed. why people feel they need to make worthless movies will never make sense to me. when she died at the end, it made me laugh. i had to change the channel many times throughout the film because i was getting embarrassed watching such poor acting. hopefully the guy who played heath never gets work again. on top of that i hope the director never gets to make another film, and has his paycheck taken back for this crap. { .02 out of 10 }

awful, just awful! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this. they changed so much it is hardly recognisable. which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those lifetime movies that say "based on a true story" but are completely fictional. there is none of the emotion or depth of the book, just mindless melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try another version.

i just saw this movie premiere on mtv. i must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). the dialogue doesn't explain the story very well, and i was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. there isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. i just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. also, cate and heath's love seems very incestuous. they seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. i don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.i watched this movie because of a few actors that i respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like i said, it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. katherine heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. she was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for aimee osbourne for me even to critique her performance. johnny whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person i sympathized with. as for erika christensen and mike vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, but came off as whiny and overdramatic.i just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. there was a brief appearance of the christian punk band, mxpx, but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. mtv did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. i just pictured something so completely different.

what an empty and lack lustre rendition of the classic novel. i do wish people would stop messing about with classics when they clearly have no idea of the real intention or point of the original. this version is no different. i felt that the ralph fiennes version is much worse though as the casting of juliette brioche as kathy has got to be the worst casting decision ever...anyway back to this version. it aims to make the story relevant to a contemporary setting and in a musical style. it succeeds in both but high art it is nit. throwaway viewing for a rainy day maybe...the direction was average and the editing abysmal. worse than the old quincy. deepak verma does a great turn as hindley and is in fact one of britains wasted talents. the part of heath was played with great charm and belief and i think that the casting is the strongest point of this project. although a more talented director would have made better use of the facilities he had. its clear that he was a director for hire and didn't instill the project with the passion that it deserved.

i wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion. wuthering heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy, melodramatic and intriguing. but this film decided to throw away the talents of the people involved in a simpering version so watered down from the source material that it's amazing they had the guts to call it wuthering heights at all. it ignores the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable, mostly unsympathetic, and frequently cruel to one another. it changes the very nature of certain characters- isabelle, for instance, in the novel, had not a conniving bone in her body- they've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore. heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path, but in this version catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care. the dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces. in place of depth or actual emotions, we know they mean something when they scream it in someone's face. i've read criticism of the early 90's version, "emily bronte's wuthering heights" which featured ralph fiennes and juliette binoche, saying that it turned an intensely dark, gothic story into a sudsy bodice-ripper. slightly valid comments, but the mtv version goes a step further, using the basic story structure to deliver chipper beach bums cavorting to really bad music.

i'll be honest, this is one of the worst movies ever. if not, then it's very close. ever seen a bad teen soap opera. well this is like one of those. except worse. for example: (possibly spoiler) girl: i wanna go somewhere else.guy: all we need is here.girl: but i wanna take myself somewhere different.guy: i'll take you somewhere else.... proceeding this line they have sex. the music is bad pop and bad punk rock. if you've ever read the book, avoid this movie like the plague. they completely change the personalities of the characters and the events. additionally, they just get rid of things. also, the movie ends about before the book finishes. it is an awful movie. so, if you haven't read the book, don't watch it. if you have read the book, burn it (the movie). if you like stupid teen soap operas that are lower quality than your average low quality teen soap opera, go for it. then again, should we expect anything different from mtv?

let me start off by saying that i didn't watch this movie at first with high expectations. it was recommended to me by a friend with mediocre taste in movies, and "mtv" was pasted on the front cover so i was not expecting much. what i was expecting was a tear-jerker, overly dramatic but at least effective.i was wrong.firstly, let me start off that i had never read the book nor watched any other versions of the movie.the acting was my main gripe with the film. by god is it awful. the main girl is pretty mediocre, but when compared to the rest of the cast she's maryl streep. the main "hero", heath, is just plain awful. he can sing decent sounding clichéd songs, but that's about it. his acting broke the 'sad' moments by being so bad at points that i just burst into laughter. the isabel girl was pretty godawful too, and the brother was just a flat character that was played by an actor that couldn't display emotion whatsoever. and when he tried to, it failed miserably. neil patrick harris was the only decent actor, playing edward, although it's obvious the direction was bad because even he did not live up to what i've seen him do. oh, and the father wasn't half-bad to my memory, but he was in the movie for such a small amount of time i can hardly remember.the story itself was not very good. more breakups than you can imagine. predictable story (until the ending, which i barely understood). extremely one-sided characters with no real depth to them... overall just not interesting or compelling, nothing we've never seen before done much better, and nothing worth watching here.the ending is suppose to be a tearjerker. it did nothing of the sort. the ending isn't built up at all, it almost feels like an afterthought. in fact, i had to ask my friends why the ending actually happened, which when they explained it to me i must have had a look on my face of "wait, when did they say that? what?". never a good sign. the editing was probably the worst i've seen, though i do understand the fade-ins-fade-outs are done because this was originally made for tv, but that's really no excuse.overall, the movie is just garbage. i'm a sensitive guy, i cried during two episodes of the simpsons. i never cried during this crap, not even close. really, this movie is not worth your time. if you really want to see a tearjerker look elsewhere.

i was skeptical when i first saw the calvin kline-esque commercials, but thought i'd give it a chance. so i've watched it, and all i can say is bleh. this movie was so bad. it's rare that i hate a movie this much. watching this flick reminded me of those funny scenes in altman's "the player," when the writers pitch their bizarre ideas to producers. i'd like to know which mtv producer decided that an hour and a half long music video adaptation of bronte (but this time heathcliff's name is heath and he's a rock star, and hindley's name is hendrix) would be a good idea.even that might not have been so bad, had they not gotten every other aspect of the film so horrible wrong as well. the direction must have been "you're lonely, pout for me." i laughed out loud during all the "serious" scenes and was bored throughout the rest. the camera work was jagged and repeatedly reminded me that i was watching a bad movie trying to be edgy. my theory is that the sound guy got bored and went down to the beach for a few beers with his boom -- all i could hear in half the scenes were the waves. and in the other scenes, i wish that's all i could hear. and speaking of sound, what they did to the sisters of mercy song "more" is absolutely inexcusable, then again, it's inexcusable what they did to bronte.on the bright side, there was one entertaining scene -- specifically the moment when johnny whitworth licked katherine heigl's face -- and if you can tell me what that scene had to do with all the rest of the story more power to you.

a perfect little atrocity...i doubt if a single shot lasted for more then the reglamentary-mtv 4.4 seconds. woeful casting, worse even than in kusminsky's version (a reminder: he managed to miscast juliet binoche and ralph feinnnes). but, hey-the rich got what they deserved. dark and brooding heathcliff reduced to the state of a golden-locked angel, frail and angellic catherine presented as a chubby, melon-breasted heffer, meek and weak linton is a peeping tom, and innocent isabel becomes sara michelle-gellar's character from cruel intentions. 15-year old eddie bauer and abercrombie and fitch donners-take notice. this thing was made for you. it is an hour-and-a-half long music video where everything is given to you; you are saved from the uncomfortable necessity of not even trying to understand the complexity of the characters, but even from initial shock at their actions. the actors tried, but, as i stated before, they were miscasted. decent photography, but editing is on the level of tv production class in high school. i implore you all: read the book, or the cliffnotes even; watch the previous versions of it, even kusminsky's; but stay away from the numerous future reruns, during which you will not receive the benefit of the commercial-free premiere.

i'll admit that i liked the first one, and was really looking forward to the sequel.i was let down. sure the special effects were technically amazing -- but they weren't believable looking. it looked more like a cartoon. alright, i admit to liking 80% of the chase scene -- but the fight with all the mr smiths? it was too obviously animated.i can accept all of that. what i can't accept is that the non-action parts were crap. every time morpheus opened his mouth, i knew i was in for a speech that went on forever and signified nothing.i was also disappointed with the little plot that did exist. what this movie did was tell us that there was no truth in the first movie (except about the existence of the matrix). this movie was a little like seeing the episode of dallas where you find out that the entire previous season was a dream.ugh! i want my $7.00 back!

as soon as i began to see posters and hear talk about this movie, i was immediately excited. the matrix was an incredible to behold and i couldn't wait to see the second one, especially after beginning to see the trailers for it at other movies. however, when i saw it, i left the theater extremely disappointed, as did many other movie-goers at the theater with me. while the action scenes in the movie were amazing as always, there simply were too few of them. in the first movie, there was constant fighting going on it seemed, but the second took a much more (and much unfortunate) preachy point of view. to sum up the plot, there wasn't much to it that wasn't expected. the machines were digging toward zion with intent of destroying it (that's not a spoiler, everyone saw it in the commercials). the dialogue of the movie was absolutely horrendous. unless you're a psychology major, you most likely will not understand most of what is said in the movie, and because of that simply won't care. it became somewhat of a romantic movie with the showing of events happening in the lives and relationship of neo and trinity. agent smith, for as bad-ass as he was in the first movie, seemed to get all religious and preachy. personally, i don't need to hear about that or pay money to listen to it. the movie was a serious waste of my time, and i don't think i can watch the first one anymore. the dialogue and the constant boring and dry monologues from basically every character made me lose interest in the film quickly, and the small amount of good fighting scenes pushed me nearer the edge, and the ending of the movie shoved me right off. what movie ends with "to be concluded"? how original is that folks. i wonder if the wachowski brothers had to burn the midnight oil to come up with that one. in conclusion, the movie was bad and that's the end of it.

i heard many stories about this film being great... well, i took my chance when i saw it for a cheap price at ebay last month.i watched it, and i have only a few comments about it:1) terrible story-line, 2) terrible acting, 3) bad fighting-scenes...i never seen any worse movie in my life so far!! when the storyline is bad, than at least make the fights something more interesting. but both are done ridiculously bad...* the only positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is nikki berwick. god, she looks nice in this movie.that's about it...

director f.w. murnau wisely stuck with the silent film medium he knew so well to cover this story of native islander life in the south seas. the documentary style works very well for the first half of the movie. the landscapes are beautiful, and the daily life activities of the islanders are interesting to watch. the film loses momentum, though, when it begins to concentrate more on the narrative story of two doomed lovers. the storyline just never gets that interesting, despite being handled well by murnau. won an academy award for best cinematography, although the award probably should have been for best scenery. you can't really credit the dp for getting to shoot in such a beautiful location.

i loved the original. it was brilliant and always will be. strangely though, i actually looked forward to seeing the re-make. i'm usually a little bit against re-makes because there's far too many of them, but somehow this intrigued me. i was really enjoying it to begin with. caine brilliant, as usual, and jude law managing to hold is own next to him. it was quite clever how it was modernised and it was working. what stops this from being really good is the last seven minutes. it goes completely away from the original, so far in fact that is ceases to be clever and just gets annoying. the end in the original was fantastic! so much tension was built up and it was unbelievably clever! this? it grows not in tension but in frustration as it seemed they decided to make caine's character a homosexual. it was if they were trying far to hard to be different. and then... bang! law's dead. roll credits. this film is worth the watch simply for the performances, but those last seven minutes really do drag it down. what a pity....

i thought the film was good in parts.the start was exciting .the first 30 minutes of the film were good.the camera angles in the first 30 minutes were strange and i did not like it coz the were they not covering the actors entirely.i think the last 25 minutes of the film were really not that great from which we expect a lot in case of such films.the dialoques did not make sense and i don't think they were very witty.i felt as if they were trying to copy films like phonebooth in terms of dialogues,but failed miserably.it seemed as if they many of the scenes between the actors were put for sake of it and did not make any sense to the story.the entire film features only law and caine.i don't think it was a waste of time,its an ok film,but not gr8

a remake of the superb 1972 movie of the stage play, nicely casting caine as the nemesis of his character from the first movie. but doing nothing else nicely at all.a under-parr performance from the actors, law and caine, diluted further by weak self-indulgent direction.the warmth of the setting in the original is forsaken for a super-modern homesetting. the subtle interplay between oliver and caine which made the first movie so watchable, is replaced with a horrid, brash arrogance that instantly breeds disdain in the viewer. but this is not the clever, to-ing and froing of liking one then the other character the original fostered so well, this is an obvious ott character assassination of both character from the word go.this version of sleuth is not really worth seeing, watch the original film and be dazzled from the opening act.

it's a while ago, that i have seen sleuth (1972) with two great actors michael caine and laurence olivier. michael caine is back, but he is now the husband and jude law the lover of his wife. the story is still the same and it's a fantastic play.during the movie i always had the feeling to watch a play. that's one of the reasons i dislike this remake of a classic. when i watch a movie adapted a play i still must feel to see a movie and not just a play. director kenneth brannigan did some marvelous movies in the past, but this time he missed. another reason was the look of the movie. the design was modern, stylish clean, uncomfortable and cold. i never got the feeling that somebody ever lived in that house. the photography wasn't bad, but the lightening was awful. sometimes there was blue light, dark, green light, to round it up not friendly for eyes.the acting was really good. michael caine's and jude law's perform at their best. i really would like to see these 2 guys playing together on stage. but i have to confess i never was a fan of jude law. the weakest part was the mid part. i remember that in the original that this part was still very mysterious and just marvelous directed. i tried to watch it twice and always in the mid part i felt asleep. the end part is better and more interesting. sleuth (2007) isn't awful, but it seems to be more a movie for critics than for the audience. sleuth (1972) is still a masterpiece and much more entertaining than sleuth (2007).

joseph l. mankiewicz's sleuth didn't need a remake. it's a thoroughly well made film that stands up well to this day. however, given that the modern day remake machine is currently in full swing; i really can't say i'm surprised to see the film updated for modern audience. the plot remains identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man, milo tindle, who goes off to see an older man, andrew wyke, to discuss a divorce as the younger man is having an affair with the older man's wife. from there, a game of cat and mouse ensues. its clear right from the outset that director kenneth branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and he does so by way of the central location, which has been changed from the charming games-ridden country house of the original to a technical marvel kitted out with layers of security equipment. i'm glad that the director chose to make this change as nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies of the original; plus there's the fact that the location is well used and always nice to look at. unfortunately, however, the positive elements of sleuth 2007 end there.the original film was over two hours long, while this remake is only just a shade over eighty minutes. naturally, therefore, that means that this version has less about it; and unfortunately it's the characters that suffer. the plot is also rushed and we get into the first twist in the tale far too quickly and before we are given any chance to actually understand why and how these events can be taking place. the film does not build the characters, or the rapport between them, enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. one major thing that has been changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games which turned out to be very important once the twists come into play. here he has some kind of security fetish that doesn't really mean anything by the end. kenneth branagh's handling of the film allows for a classy score but the class ends there. the original thrived on it, but this film is happy merely to soil itself with expletives on numerous, and mostly unwarranted, occasions; which cheapen the whole thing. the final twist in the tale is completely different to how it was in the original and ensures that the film boils down to a really hideous conclusion. after spending two hours with the original i understood, respected and liked both characters presented in the film - after eighty minutes of this, i hated them both. i do have some respect for branagh for not merely rolling out a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of the great anthony shaffer play.

at the name of pinter, every knee shall bow - especially after his nobel literature prize acceptance speech which did little more than regurgitate canned, by-the-numbers, sixth-form anti-americanism. but this is even worse; not only is it a tour-de-force of talentlessness, a superb example of how to get away with coasting on your decades-old reputation, but it also represents the butchery of a superb piece. the original sleuth was a masterpiece of its kind. yes, it was a theatrical confection, and it is easy to see how it's central plot device would work better on the stage than the screen, but it still worked terrifically well. this is a michael caine vanity piece, but let's face it, caine is no olivier. not only can he not fill larry's shoes, he couldn't even fill his bathroom slippers. the appropriately-named caine is, after all, a distinctly average actor, whose only real recommendation, like so many british actors, is their longevity in the business. he was a good harry palmer, excellent in get carter, but that's yer lot, mate! give this a very wide berth and stick to the superb original. this is more of a half-pinter.

i really wanted to like this movie. it has a nice prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor john saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. it reminds me of some (beloved) italian horror flicks. but the direction is very wooden and there is no nightmarish/frightening moment in there. it just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. more suspense and more daring visuals and its destiny as a cult classic would have been sealed.

i give this marriage 3 years and thats stretching it. adrianne curry is fouled mouth, spoiled, controlling, loud, and her bi sexual past makes me laugh. she tells chris he has an image to protect and must avoid strip clubs. he married her. chris has low self esteem and from a different time warp. i have nothing against adrianne curry but this combination is not gonna have a happy ever after ending. her mother said he was an old rooster and thinks this is his last attempt to recapture his youth. here 2 very good people who are gonna end up in a nasty divorce. i don't think his old " brady family" is gonna fit into his new life. i see them being shut out. chris said his friends were more important than his family. the supported him and was there for him.

terminus paradis was exceptional, but "niki ardelean" comes too late. we already have enough of this and we want something new.big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time, not behind. why people see romania only as a postrevolutionary country?we are just born not reincarnated, and nobody gives a s**t anymore about old times. most people dont remember or dont want to remember, and the new generation of movie consumers dont understand a bit. this should be the first day of romanian movie not the final song - priveghi! maybe younger directors should make the move.

yes, he is! ...no, not because of pintilie likes to undress his actors and show publicly their privies. pintilie is the naked "emperor" - so to speak...it's big time for someone to state the truth. this impostor is a voyeur, a brat locked in an old man's body. his abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever. it is 100% visual perversion: he gets his kicks by making the actors strip in the buff and look at their willies. and if he does this in front of the audience, he might eve get a hard-on! did you know that, on the set of "niki ardelean", he used to embarrass poor coca bloss, by telling her: "oh, coca, how i wanna f*** you!"? she is a great lady, very decent and sensitive, and she became unspeakably ashamed - to his petty satisfaction! and, as a worrying alarm signal about the degree of vulgarity and lack of education in romanian audiences, so many people are still so foolish to declare these visual obscenities "works of art"! will anyone have ever the decency to expose the truth of it all?

this guy has no idea of cinema. okay, it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth, and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship. this all is very good, but look carefully: he does not know his job! the scenes are unbalanced, without proper start and and, with a disordered content and full of emptiness. he has nothing to say about the subject, so he over-licitates with violence, nakedness and gutter language. how is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art? why don't they let him succumb in piece?

it's so sad that romanian audiences are still populated with vulgar and uneducated individuals who relish this kind of cheap and demonstrative shows, as superficial and brutal as the "garcea" series or the "vacanta mare" child-plays... the difference is that mugur mihäescu, doru octavian dumitru and other such sub-artisans never presume to claim their shows as "art". pintilie, who 40 years ago made a very good movie ("duminicä la ora sase") followed by another one, nice enough ("reconstituirea"), tries to declare his film-lenghts "art works" - but, unfortunately, he masters at a way too limited level the specifically cinematographic means of expression. as such, "niki ardelean" offers again a sample of "how not" - this being about its only merit.

whether any indictment was intended must be taken into consideration. if in the year 2000 there were still rifts of feeling between caucasian and afro-americans in georgia, such as shown in this film, obviously there remains a somewhat backward mentality among a lot of people out there. it is rather hypocritical, to say the least, if everyone adores halle berry, whoopie goldberg, beyoncé, noemi campbell, denzel washington, will smith, et. al., whilst out in the backs there persist manifest racial divides.white grandmother suddenly gets black grand-daughter thrust upon her, only to meet up with black grandfather in a very white social backwater. the story is sweet, not lacking tragic overtones, and eminently predictable as in most of these kinds of tv films, though the final scene has you guessing............ will he? won't he.......?gena rowlands in her typical style offers a sincere rendering, and louis gossett is a good match for her; the little penny bae fortunately does not steal the show.a `nice' way of relaxing after sunday lunch without having to force your mind too much, though you might just find yourself having a little siesta in the middle of it.

my comment is for the russian version of space race named bitva za kosmos (battle for space) shown on russia's first channel on april 10-13, 2006. bad translation could have ruined some details but i doubt it's the case. the number of factual errors is such that it's impossible to list them, especially in the first episode (the development of first missiles). even the u.s. half of the film contains multiple errors and omissions. the audience is not told of any v-2/a-4 launches from the u.s. three different jupiter c rockets are launched with the same serial number 'ue' onboard. apollo 1 is to be launched to the moon, etc. in the russian half, each and every person is ludicrous. korolev is scared of nkvd, glushko is saboteur and traitor, mishin is alcoholic etc. men as functions; no motivation, no life at all. uniform and decorations are awful. gagarin sings a frivolous song awaiting launch (i think this was added specially for russian version).

shocking!in 1965 i saw jury gagarin alive. he was sincere, unpretentious and kindly, he was at ease and looked like well-educated and intellectual person. in this movie i saw a clown! the actor looks like dummy with affected gestures and mimicry. they made a cartoon! the real gagarin was someone else! don't believe in this movie!i saw this movie after the movies like "taming of fire" and "apollo 13" and after reading books "rockets and people" by chertok and "korolev: myths and facts" by golovanov. i was shocked by tiresome scenario, poor acting and producing, and a lots of inexactitudes of "space race".the movie is the tedious rendering of well-known in russia historical facts. a lots of interesting known facts of the space projects was not demonstrated. some facts and details were perverted. for example, in 1945 korolev was already not a prisoner (liberated in 1944), and in 1940 he was already not in kolyma prison gold mine, but in special prison design bureau. korolev was the designer in prison design bureau and he was not buried the dead prisoners. but in the movie korolev worked as grave digger after 1940 (because jailer have shoulder straps on uniform). imho, the authors of movie have no profound knowledge about this part of the history and they can't to make interesting movies.

i've just visited russian forum of our tv-channel that had showed this film. well... 99 per cent of active russian audience is disappointed. we wanted to see more true facts of our space achievements in this film. but authors had in mind something else... :( we are big and beautiful country with intelligent people living here. we are proud of all our space dreams, real achievements on the one hand in this field and in science on the other hand. so i'd like to ask authors: where is our lunohod? and where, the hell our mir station? ah? i'm quite sure, that lunohod events took place much earlier armstrong's "walk on moon". and to comment numerous technical and science mistakes - i really have no time and enough space here! se our constructive critics in russian forum on www.1tv.ru

this movie sucked. the acting sucked, the script sucked, and the movie overall sucked. there were two threads in the movie that were not developed and the viewer had to do a bit of work to figure out what was happening.i'm not saying that it needs to be spelled out, but you suddenly find things happening and being said as if you have the slightest clue as to what they are. examples:the heroine's negative comments about the hero. the audience is never shown how she even knows anything about the guy and how he is tied into her fiance's death. the viewer has minimal exposure to the guy's death as well.also, all of a sudden there is a scene with a bunch of guys loading up and cocking machine guns and that is all you see before cutting back to the other scenes. no explanation what-so-ever about the guns and the folks with them.we gave it a 3 because we didn't feel like we wanted our time back. it was fun to bad-mouth the movie while watching it, so it at least gave us a bit of entertainment. ;-)

i sat through this movie this evening, forcing myself to stick with it even though i never cared about any of the characters or what happened to them, because the two leads, gérard philippe and michèle morgan, were major film stars of their era and i wanted to see them in "something different," which this certainly was. they both gave fine performances, but of distasteful characters.indeed, the whole movie is about a shabby little town in mexico inhabited by almost uniformly distasteful characters (the doctor is, of course, the major exception). what michèle morgan ever sees in philippe to fall in love with him is never explained.this is supposedly based on a work by jean-paul sartre. all i could think was that, if sartre's work is anything like this movie, it must be a very mediocre attempt at imitating camus' masterful novel the plague, which dealt with a plague in north africa.a well-acted but uninteresting movie.

kurt russell (as steven post) works as a mail-boy for struggling tv station ubc (that's united broadcasting corporation); he is going nowhere at work, offering ridiculous projects like "abraham lincoln's doctor's dog" to studio executives - because lincoln, doctors, and dogs are popular. programming director joe flynn (as francis x. wilbanks) wisely rejects mr. russell's proposals, but has no idea how to pick a hit tv show. his secretary heather north (as jennifer scott), who does double duty as russell's girlfriend, has a chimpanzee who bugs the heck out of russell when he wants to watch tv. turns out, the monkey watches all the popular shows, and can easily pick the hits. russell discovers the chimp's talent, and uses him to advance his own career. understandably, things gets hairy for russell and the cast!raffles the chimp (handled by frank lamping) performs well; raffles does look bored and/or distracted during a few scenes, when the chimp is supposed to look interested; these could have been corrected with re-takes or editing. a mild satirical edge is present - imagine a monkey picking hit tv shows! and, it's a monkey who gets a beer during the commercials (drinking in a disney film)! a look through the cast will reveal s bunch of fun tv actors to recognize and try to place. you could make a drinking game, in honor of raffles' beer-guzzling, by guessing actors, and where you've seen them before. here's a start - hey, isn't that "dr. bellows" from "i dream of jeannie"? down the hatch! **** the barefoot executive (1971) robert butler ~ kurt russell, joe flynn, john ritter

this is surely one of the worst films ever made and released by a major hollywood studio. the plot is simply stupid. the dialog is written in clichés; you can complete a great many sentences in the script because of this. the acting is ridiculously bad, especially that of rod cameron. the "choreography" is silly and wholly unerotic. one can only pity the reviewer who saw 23-year-old yvonne's dance as sexual; it's merely very bad choreography. the ballet scene in the film's beginning is especially ludicrous. if you are into bad movies and enjoy laughing at some of hollywood's turkeys, this is for you. i bought the colorized version on vhs, making the movie even worse. yvonne's heavy makeup, when colored, has her looking like a clown all the time. and she's the best part of this film. what a way to launch a career.

i was one of quite a few extras in this big bomb. i just happened to be in the right place working safety for the race scenes at a.i.r. as it was know as back then.thank goodness my scene in in the first few minutes of the movie and i don't have to sit through the whole thing. it was more of a big party than a movie set but hey, the pay was good.attention to detail was not a strong point for this one, but who was going to know.the funny thing was seeing the cars in the track at the really slow speed and then in the movie speeded up to the what was close to normal speed.a lot of the scenes were changed as they were filmed i suppose to shave cost and time.but every one was having such a good time who cared!

it occurs to me that some of the films that have been banned during the course of cinema history were actually very important and very good films. i'd like to argue that instead of banning challenging, controversial movies the censors should consider banning films that are so bad that they pose a threat to your iq and your sanity. if they were to do so one of the first films to be quickly hidden away would undoubtedly be "stroker ace". this film is awful with a capital 'a'. it is the worst film burt reynolds ever starred in.... quite a feat for for a man with "cannonball run ii", "cop and a half" and "rent-a-cop" on his cv!the wafer-thin story introduces us to successful stock car racer stroker ace (reynolds), a man who loves fast cars and fast women. he gets stuck in a demeaning contract with crooked promoter clyde torkle (ned beatty). the contract requires him to do some humiliating promotional work for a new chain of fast food restaurants, such as dressing up as a giant chicken. thrown into the mix are lugs (jim nabors), ace's dim-witted pal, and pembrook feeney (loni anderson), a bimbo with a brain fractionally smaller than a pea who is wooed by ace.hal needham, the director of this low-grade garbage, was formerly a stuntman and he made numerous films that relied on his expertise in staging spectacular stunts and car chases/races. some of these films were ok, like "hooper" and "stunts unlimited", but with "stroker ace" he reaches a career nadir. the characters are so stupid that you actually feel pity for the actors playing them. anderson especially is saddled with such a dumb role that it makes you grind your teeth with despair. the humour is weak and infantile throughout, and the stunts and race sequences are unremarkable. even the out-takes during the closing credits (which can be found in all the reynolds-needham collaborations) are generally unfunny, which gives the impression that maybe the film wasn't much fun to make. "stroker ace" is a stinker of considerable magnitude.

burt reynolds came to a point in his career where he appeared to just be going thru the motions. he'd show up, party with his friends on film, and take home a big paycheck. it didn't seem to matter to him that the product he was representing was pure crap.no film epitomized this more than "stroker ace" which makes "cannonball run" look like a classic and "cannonball run ii" look watchable. save for a few race scenes there is absolutely nothing worth seeing here. even the beautiful loni anderson hams it up so bad as a dumb blonde it's embarrassing.if the thought of burt hamming it up with jim nabors and dressing like a chicken sounds funny then this is your movie. otherwise pick almost any other film comedy and it won't be any worse.

this is one of the most insipid, lackluster, unoriginal, and pointless movies ever made! it almost feels like everyone involved in this project didn't even try to make an appealing movie. this is nothing more than a continuation of a tiresome series of films that attempt to cash in on the success of smokey and the bandit, which i think is the best film of them all. as for this waste of film stock, burt reynolds sleepwalks his way through the entire movie, jim nabors is wasted, the other actors aren't given very much to do, the car races are obviously stock footage, the humor is uninspired, and many of the scenes are more dull and lifeless than staring at a wall for two hours. "stroker ace" is simply a superfluous film with nothing unique or distinctive about it.

oh man is this movie bad. it flows horribly. the story is about a race car driver who is in love with himself, and then has to promote a chicken fast food chain and while doing this, doesn't love himself. he tries getting out of the contract and horrible, painfully unfunny gags ensue. jim nabors seems as if he's sleepwalking, not acting. you'll miss such burt sidekicks as dom deluise and jerry reed while watching this stinker. loni anderson's hair is downright scary, proving that tons of hairspray didn't go out in the sixties. or maybe that was a wig. speaking of, burt's wig wasn't bad in this film. his worst "wig day" was in "smokey and the bandit 2". anyhow, this movie is the worst reynolds car movie, ever, ever, right up there with "cannonball run 2". the original "smokey" and "cannonball" (and "hooper" which, thankfully, had no sequel) are great, funny films. this one isn't. even ned beatty, who is a great actor, stinks. you'll long for a jackie gleason type villain who is fun to hate. and mind you, this isn't one of those fun movies to bag on. it's lousy, pure and simple. even the outtakes at the end were tiresome and boring, and worst of all, unfunny. and least i forget, "stroker ace" was one of the first heavy nails to seal burt's coffin before his somewhat-revival years later in "boogie nights", another film that, like "deliverance" years earlier, shows that the man can act quite good when he has a decent platform to do so.

ever notice how in his later movies burt reynolds' laugh sounds like screeching brakes?must have been hanging out with hal needham too much.and from the looks of "stroker ace", way too much.can you believe this was based on a book? neither could i, but it was. and probably not a best-seller, i'll wager. burt's another good-old-boy in the nascar circuit who hitches up with beatty as a fried chicken magnate with designs on his team. anderson provides what love interest there is and nabors does his umpteenth gomer pyle impression as faithful mechanic/best friend lugs. a lot of people here are friends of burt's or hal's. others must have needed the work. and even real nascar drivers get in on the act, and look to have more talent than those with sag cards. as far as laughs go, bubba smith (pre-"police academy") gets them as beatty's chauffeur. and petersen, in full elvira mode, gets lots of appreciative leers as a lady who wants to get to know lugs real well. real well.it's a shame that burt threw away as much time and effort in a film like "stroker ace" where it didn't matter whether he bothered to act or not. they didn't bother to write a character for him, why bother to act?two stars. mostly for petersen, and for the out-takes at the end. now they're funny.

"the return of chandu" is notable, if one can say that, for the casting of bela lugosi as the hero rather than the villain. why he even gets the girl. the story as such, involves the black magic cult of ubasti trying to capture the last egyptian princess nadji (the delectable maria alba) and use her as a sacrifice as a means of reviving their ancient leader who just happens to look like nadji. lugosi as chandu, who possesses magical powers, tries to thwart the villains. director ray taylor does his best with limited resources and extensive stock footage. fans of king kong (1933) will recognize the giant doors that were used to keep kong at bay in several scenes. the acting is for the most part, awful. the actor who plays the high priest (i believe lucien prival) for example, uses that acting coach inspired pronunciation that was so common in the early talkies. the less said about the others the better. it is a mystery why lugosi accepted parts in independent quickies at this stage of his career, because he was still a bankable star at universal at this time. maybe it was because in this case he got to play the hero and get the girl, who knows. as his career started to spiral downwards in the late 30s, this kind of fare would become the norm for lugosi rather than the exception.

bela lugosi is not typecast in this fantastic twelve-part adventure serial, playing the lead as frank chandler/chandu the magician, enjoying his role as a representative of the forces of white magic pushed against those of black, while displaying vigourous fighting skill, successfully wooing a young egyptian princess, and cutting a lean and dashing figure in yachting gear, complete with nautical cap. the somewhat lumpy plot engages chandler/chandu in an ongoing series of escapades pointed at achieving the rescue of his fiancee, princess nadji(maria alba) and others from the clutches of the idol-worshipping sect of ubasti, which covets nadji's blood in order to revivify an ancient mummified princess entombed upon the mysterious island of lemuria. director ray taylor, an old hand at such entertainments keeps events moving briskly, but repeated scenes and footage, a good deal of which is to be found in the previous year's skull island setting from king kong, and the port locale from son of kong, reduces original action to less than 60 minutes from the serial's running length of over two and one-half hours and, if viewed at one sitting, becomes lacking in effect to most viewers, unless insomniac.

at least with the teenage geek gets the girl films, the guy is usually unpopular with girls. in the 40 year old virgin he is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women but somehow has remained a virgin. but then you are not supposed to engage your brain with this film or did i miss the bit about him being comatose for 20 years?one of a series of films where 40 somethings act like teenagers and women for some reason find this a sufficiently attractive quality that they want a serious relationship with them. i find it hard to understand how a country that has produced such excellent tv comedies seems to think it has to rely on crude and shallow characters for laughs. they've done the gross out movies. they've done the let's act like all americans have a mental age of 15. where will they go next? this film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it.

after we counted the use of the f word, oh, about 22 times in the first 10 minutes or so of the film, listened to some really bad actors going on about a woman and a horse, and pretty much acting like 12 year old boys being naughty together, well, we turned it off. relying on gratuitous profanity and potty humor is a sure sign of a loser hollywood movie, the product of unimaginative and no-talent writers. we did give it a second chance, thinking surely it would get better. no dice. later, my boyfriend skipped through the rest of the movie in case it improved, still no dice.the main character did have a cool bike.i wouldn't recommend this to anyone except maybe really immature adolescents, or frat boys.

wow! this film is truly awful. i can't imagine how anyone could have read this badly written script and given it the greenlight. the cast is uniformly second rate with some truly horrendous performances from virtually all of the cast. the story is disjointed, fragmented and incoherent. the telling, leaden and predictable. no wit, no charm, no humour. not sexy in the least. the characters remain as flat as the proverbial pancake. there's also a strong current of misogyny which became increasingly hard to stomach as the film went on. when your lead (carrell) is unfunny and unappealing it's uphill from there. despite it's phony turn-around ending where love triumphs over lust i was left with a sick feeling in my stomach. if this is what passes for humour and social comment then we're definitely doomed.

about 15 minutes in, my wife was already wanting to leave. not so much because of the material, but the lack thereof. they decided to fill in the blanks where the funny stuff should've been with as much language and absolutely vulgar talk as they could. when this would let up (very rare), we'd sit back and watch (not laughing, mind you) and wait for the next gross-out or offensive remark(s). after about 35 minutes, we both got up and left. everything we'd read said how great this was. the trailer looked good and roger ebert actually called it "intelligent" and said it wasn't a crude sex comedy. did he go to the right movie? along with be cool, it's the only other movie i've ever walked out on...and i have no regrets. i'm sick of trying to go see comedies in america.

it is amazing to me what passes for entertainment today. maybe i am a dinosaur from the fifties, and i am out of touch with todays movie going generation, and apparently that is the case with regards to this movie, since so many people loved it. i found it foul and vulgar. i haven't said that about many movies in my life but this one fits the bill. the humor is sophomoric and crude. i am not a politically correct person, and even i found the gay jokes, not only not funny but downright offensive ( i'm not gay). the main character in the movie is not even a likable person, just pathetic. when the movie was finally over i heard a number of people comment on how disappointed they were in what they had just pay good money to see.

"the 40 year old virgin" exists in a world i don't understand. a world where an electronics store employee can tell his boss to "f*** off" and broadcast videos of his naked ass throughout the store and not get reprimanded. a world where it's really funny to go drunk driving and smash into other peoples' cars. a world where it seems okay for a boss to sexually harass her underlings. a world full of raging and offensive stereotypes of ethnic minorities. and a world without any funny jokes! i am absolutely shocked at the seeming chorus of viewers who liked this movie. i thought every scene was like a bad saturday night live sketch - not very funny to begin with, and stretched out beyond all rational thought. the chest-waxing scene went on forever.the characters, aside from carell, were totally one-note. and the romantic elements were completely contrived, particularly the scene where keener finds porn in carell's apartment. that was just lame.and i also found the "aquarius" sequence totally annoying and excessive. i hated hated hated this movie!

i looked over the other comments and was thoroughly amused to find that clearly only people who actually worked on the movie had commented. i mean, i hate to say bad things about an amateur production, but if you make a bad movie and want to comment on it, tone it down a little. "groundbreaking" is a little over the top. this is a boston based college production that doesn't even achieve the level of most amateur college film. it's what you would expect a bunch of kids to do. a silly action film without much creativity. it's pretty funny if you're willing to poke fun at it. not something you will ever see unless you are a student at emerson college.

almost as tedious to watch as it was to read, evening is a gorgeously produced failure...until meryl streep walks in and quietly shows her other cast members how to act this kind of stuff. vanessa redgrave is shockingly off in her role as the dying ann and claire danes is a cipher. perhaps if vanessa and claire had switched roles we could have seen the vibrancy in the young ann that gave her entrée to the rarefied world of the story and we could have imagined that the older ann actually was dying. i was hoping the addition of michael cunningham to the writing credits would smooth out the jumpy storytelling but alas. it gave me a headache.

this movie tries to hard to be something that it's not....a good movie. it wants you to be fooled from begining to end,but fails.from when it starts to get interesting it falls apart and you're just hoping the ending gives you some clue of just what is going on but it didn't.

in the beginning and throughout the movie, it was great. it was suspenseful and thrilling. yet in the end it gave no answer to what had happened. they mysteriously turned into zombies by a raven or crow? it did not answer the questions that we all had and therefore, was not as good a movie as i thought that it was going to be.

the progression of the plot is enough to "rope one in" and create curiosity about the outcome. however, ultimately, the feeling that remains is that the producers of the movie forgot to end it. if the intention was to create a perpetual circle (occasionally done in the twilight zone), it was too sloppy to view as a positive effort.

the ending of this movie made absolutely no sense. what a waste of 2 perfectly good hours. if you can explain it to me...please do. i don't usually consider myself unable to "get" a movie, but this was a classic example for me, so either i'm slower than i think, or this was a really bad movie.

this movie was lame, lame, lame. what a build up! what a let down. all form, no substance. a terrible waste of talent and time. would not recommend it to my husband's dog, who will watch anything.

cast to die for in a movie that is considerably less. vanessa redgrave is dying but before she goes she begins to tell her daughters the story of her life and of her secret love...this is one of those movies which has the look and expectations of being a great film simply because they have so many great actors and actresses in it so it seems to be about something other than the potboiler that it really is. not bad as such but with redgrave, toni collette, glenn close, meryl streep, clare danes,natasha richardson,eileen atkins, patrick wilson,hugh darcy and others (all giving fine performances) you expect more than a weepy story thats a bit more than a harlequin romance.wait for cable.

what starts out as an interesting story quickly disintegrates into nothing. don't bother watching to the end hoping for an explanation of what is stalking the visitors, there is no ending. no explanation, no resolution, zip. this could have been a good movie it they had purchased an entire script.

a bickering, american family, vacationing in the west, discover a strange ghost town in the middle of the desert. little do they know that this ghost town was once a test site for nuclear bombs, and a deadly presence is stalking them. i generally love mystery-horror films like this. "cube", spielberg's "duel" and "the birds" are all great examples of movies that give no answers but nonetheless leave us intrigued and wanting more. apparently, "disappearance" writer/director walter klenhard was trying to make just that kind of film, and whether or not he succeeded is up to the viewer. i personally think he got about half way there, then the film just sunk.the actors are all kind of just "ho-hum". their not especially bad but we as an audience never really feel their fear and they react to situations in unrealistic ways. is anyone else absolutely sick of characters just walking out off to investigate strange sounds?!?!? at least give them some kind of justification for doing so!?!?!?as far as made-for-tv films go it's an above average fair for sure. director klenhard should be commended for really milking the desert environment for everything it offered and some of the setting were striking. there's a really cool scene where two characters find an old nuclear test ground were the sand had been completely melted to glass for as far as the eye could see. i wonder if that was realno gore to speak of, and the 'creatures'or what ever the hell it is that's after these peopleare never shown, not to mention that we are never even given a real clue as to what they are (mutants, aliens, ghosts or ancient evil indian spiritsoh, that really narrows it down for us!) or where the come from. there are lots of clichés here, too. why is it that towns-folk in these kinds of films are always really, really dumb? why is there always an old guy everyone thinks is crazy that turns out to be correct? why? why? why? how 'bout a new scenario, folks! "disappearance" tries to be different and intelligent but ultimately fails in that in many ways it's too familiar to us fans of direct-to-video horror fodder. hey, i've seen much worse films, and disappearance ain't bad, it's just too average.4/10.

this is waaaaay to much.. so frustrating to watch.. i was waiting for the whole damn movie to end and to finally get some answers!!.. and what i've had in the end was nothing but a huuuge neon-sign question mark above my head!!!!! i haven't seen such a bad acting and such a nonsense movie in a long long time.. and what's bothering me is.. how come someone (an actor) read the script of such a bull!?#@ movie and say: ok, i'm in!!! let's film this! this is horrible!!! this movie suuuuuuuuuuuucks!!!!!! i just can't believe i've spent an hour and a half of my life on something like this!!!

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** when i saw a preview for this movie i thought it was going to be atleast a slightly admirable storyline. but as most superstation original movies i was left disapointed. this gullible family ends up driving through this "deserted" town to take a brake and find this video camera showing these people doing everything their donig and finds out they all eventually disappear, the family goes through all these mysterious stages and never discovers or displays what the heck is stalking them. their are more gaps than i can count and they don't explain anything that happens how or what. it ends where the family gets in a car accident and get posest or brainwashed or something( which is never explained). the next thing you know ur hoping they somehow find out how all it happened but it ends leaving you completely confused.

if you like movies about creepy towns, hotels, houses, states (ala the eagles "hotel california"), etc. that possess the people that are "just passing through," read almost any stephen king novel instead. if you like the setting of "disappearance" start by reading king's "desperation" but also check out "the shining", "salem's lot" and "needful things."the crow motif, the desert, the family driving in desperation to escape or avoid possession are tired. why didn't they just make the film from the "desperation" novel? maybe they approached king and he nixed? must be.susan dey and harry hamlin look happy to be reunited and they have both worn well over the years, but they're still tv and direct-to-dvd caliber actors.

i never expect a film adaptation to follow too closely to the novel (especially a beloved one, like evening) but when i saw that the book's author, susan minot, was a screenplay writer and executive producer on the film, i thought that evening would be a good adaptation.if you enjoyed the book, don't bother with this movie. it is so far afield of the book that the two hardly bear any resemblance to one another.here, our characters are completely different: the bride is in love with harris. harris is the son of the housekeeper. buddy is a drunk, in love with ann and/or harris. i don't think a single character made it from the book to the screen; oh it just gets worst with every passing moment.and, really, didn't we learn from bridges of madison county that cutting from the story we are meant to be enthralled in, to scenes of our heroes' grown children having obnoxious and juvenile fights, simply does not work on film? this film is a disaster. skip it.

this is, without a doubt, the most offensive "chick flick" i have seen in years, if not ever. the writing & characterizations are so riddled with stereotypes that the film verges on parody. before walking out of the theater an hour and five minutes into this disaster, we were subjected to the following themes: having a baby will solve all of your problems, "performer types" are miserable messes, & musicians can't be good mothers unless they toss their dreams for a more conventional lifestyle. what a waste of a talented cast & some great-looking sets & costumes. when natasha richardson told toni collette that unless she lives a more mainstream life, she'll end up - shudder - "alone!", i felt queasy. i can't believe this movie made it to theatrical release. it's the sort of fare one expects from those "women's" cable channels that i always pass right by when channel-surfing. i am female and over 35, so i should be part of this film's target audience, but boy, does "evening" miss its target.

i saw this in a sneak two days before the official opening, and i must say i was extremely disappointed. and i have to put the majority of these problems on the decision to cast claire danes in the lead role. depending on what you think about danes, she was either horribly miscast, or is so far in over her head that she should be the early favorite for the 2007 razzie for worst actress. i think we were supposed to be sympathetic to her. instead, she is completely unlikeable. the other "great" actresses do an ok job, but certainly don't light up the screen. out of all the "great" actresses in this movie, i'd say the one who did the best job was natasha richardson. streep is barely in the picture, and only appears near the very end.horrible screenplay as well. it comes off more as them reading lines than truly being "in character."

with a cast list like this one, i expected far better. venessa redgrave spent the majority of the movie lying in bed. the best actresses in the world cannot make anything very interesting when their acting is limited to lying down and falling asleep throughout the entire movie. the plot summary says that a secret is revealed to the daughters as their mother comes closer to death. the thing is, she never tells her daughters anything except cryptic advice to be happy. all the relationships in the movie are underdeveloped. i also felt that the back and forth between the past and present was unnecessary. it seemed as if the idea was stolen either from the book the da vinci code in which the device was used to increase suspense, or from the notebook in which they used the device to create the never ending romance of the story's main characters. either way it was a cheap device in this movie because it didn't work to create anything. it was a way to attempt suspense in a movie that has none. i left wondering why good movies can't be written for women. it really was a disappointment.

just ppv'd this. i don't want to waste too much time on this as most of the posters here put it better than i ever could, but i did want to say a few things.i didn't know which was funnier: redgrave chasing tiny moths and tripping over her nurse; close wailing that her "precious" boy (whom she and the mr. had decided was a drunken loser) has been turned into roadkill; that the tone-deaf ann schmoozed with peggy lee; or the horrid cgi of crypt keeper annie gazing at her younger self!i never bought danes as the younger redgrave. i didn't buy richardson and collette as sisters, either. if meryl streep's daughter wants to be an actress, she better get mama to give her a few lessons! i had zero idea why any girl (or buddy) would make fools of themselves over vapid stud du jour harris! ann's daughters are as whiny and thoughtless as she, luc is a retarded slacker on crack, and i didn't give a rot about any of them! evening gives chick flicks a bad name!

i knew that 'evening' was a girlie film, so i was expecting to be bored. a wicked tease on imdb had said that it was a 'chick flick' but that your companion would survive.survive? yes. i am still here, but when the two of us came out we were amazed to find that it had only lasted two hours - it seemed a much longer evening than that! i suppose that, for yanks, it is supposed to be elevating or fascinating because it is about rich people living on the beach - well, next to the beach, in a house with a wide verandah and a lawn but no apparent lawnmower. if that sort of thing impresses you it might seem quite a short film.there's a monty python film about a knight who just won't die. he ends up a wriggling (why do yanks add an third syllable to this word i wonder) torso in the road still shouting threats at his nemesis. this film is also about a sort of living dead. vanessa redgrave (inappropriate name for the grave dodger shown here) goes on and on dying whilst having inappropriate guilt. she's not worried about having been a wide-eyed, breathless bimbo, but imagines herself a murderess.obviously, being a girlie film, there's a chap who is supposed to be the mr darcy/heathcliff character. i'm not a woofter, so i can't claim to be a good judge of such things, but the tedious wimp who is wheeled out for this role seems only to have the title of servant in his favour. he's a bloodless cypher.as you might gather, the main characters aren't much cop, but the minor ones manage, amazingly to be much worse. there's a fellow whose only job is to react to the news that his girlfriend is preggers. fair enough, but it isn't the role of hamlet - why ham it up so badly? forgetting that it was a girlie film, i thought he was going to be thrown out because any decent girl-friend would have told him that face-fungus didn't flatter him, but then i realised that she must have encouraged him to grow a 'beard' because he looked worse without it.i kept awake by noticing which actors and actresses had their earlobes attached or free and noting interesting bits of scenery - if you're dragged along to it, see if you can spot the stuffed buffalo head, just the sort of thing you'd expect in a beach cottage.apart from the obligatory wedding, there is only one piece of action. you'd have thought that they'd have got it right. sadly, though, the hit and run accident is carried out by a car that couldn't be there. when the accident is discovered the cast wander about shouting for a character that they can't know is nearby (but we do as the audience). if they don't have any clue that the person is within a couple of miles of the place, then why do they wander about aimlessly shouting for him? i suppose that the director's excuse is that it is supposed to be a half-remembered dream sequence...another scenery item that caught my attention was a copper bottomed saucepan. i didn't think that the technology to do this was developed until the fifties.

this crap is like watching paint dry. i'm so disappointed because i was so eager to see it.there simply is no meaning to this film. if it were never made, no one would notice or care. it's hyped up because of all the big names in it, but if "nobody's" were in, nobody would give this film any love.seriously, i was at the point where half-way through the film i would look at vanessa redgrave and think, "hurry up and die already!" this is like the "joy luck club" without any of the friggin' joy. it's the "ocean's 13" (nothing but a big-named cast) of mother-daughter movies and completely anti-climatic...oh until it's finally over.i'm sure they'll all be nominated for oscars...- 4 stars for cinematography and the ability to convince great actresses to commit to this junk.

some of these viewer comments are just ridiculous. not painful to watch with your significant other? i was apologizing to my boyfriend the entire movie. it was so slow and awfully strange. both redgraves,vanessa and natasha were unfit for this, especially with vanessa doing that ridiculous brash american accent. claire danes was the same wiggly-lipped awkward girl that she was in my so-called life. she has yet to push herself in any way. girl, find a new way to pretend to cry! meryl streep was one of the only redeeming part of this movie, she was on screen for five minutes, and i swear to god, she reached out of the movie screen and slapped me awake. oh! and hugh dancy, who gets better every time i see him. glenn close and eileen atkins were also great in their two and a half scenes. i mean, this was a well-shot movie, it was very pretty, the settings were interestingly dressed, providing relief for the intense boredom i was feeling. i don't know, it's just pretty pathetic when a movie that boasts a cast comprised of "the greatest actresses of our time" sucks so much. it sure had more than a few noticeable editing errors, and the main character (ann) was a huge jerk. i was glad she died. but that's because i felt bad for lila, ann's friend -- mostly because these two ladies were better actors and made me feel a little empathy. ugh. bad job, evening the film. you weren't entertaining and you weren't even thought-provoking. i sure hope the book was better, so it didn't waste even more of people's time. 3/10

the story of a woman (ann) on her death bed, her two daughters (nina and constance) and her thoughts about her past. the flashbacks are concerning a weekend where young ann is in the wedding of her friend lila. at the wedding she meets harris who will impact her for the rest of her life. through all the ups and downs of her professional and family life she remembers him as her true love. her daughter constance is older, more "responsible," a mother of two and has things together. nina jumps from boyfriend to boyfriend and job to job and is unsure of her direction in life.first of all the good. the period detail in the movie is great. the dresses, hair, cars, houses, etc. really put you in another time and place. and there is some very quality acting in the movie. vanessa redgrave is quite good at portraying the main character and her fragile mental state as her life comes to an end. claire danes is beautiful and does a great job as the main character when she was young (and she is an outstanding singer). hugh dancy brought a lot of life to the character of lila's brother buddy.now for the bad, which unfortunately is everything else. things constantly disrupt the story as it is being unfolded for us. the chemistry between young ann and buddy is great. they have fun and dance. then... you are supposed to believe that she doesn't really like him more than a friend and that his pining only annoys her. and i thought the whole, "he might be gay" thing was out of the blue and didn't serve a purpose.then we have harris. the character acts wooden and creepy. had this been another genre, you would have known that harris was the serial killer from the get go. it is an unbelievable stretch to think that all these girls loved him so (but they do portray the other guys as pretty lame to try and help him out).and the grandest problem of all. why don't ann and harris get together? they fall for each other. they have this great night of sex in an old dirty gardener's shack, come home to find out about buddy's tragic end and then...nothing.they meet up a few years later and get all misty eyed about each other and i couldn't help but wondering why. why? the movie doesn't let you know why they were forced to marry other people and so i had a hard time feeling sorry for them.the part of the story in the present is fairly boring. the cliché good daughter and the cliché bad daughter. nina changes over the course of the movie but i am not sure why. i'm not sure what convinces her to change her life. there is a "touching" scene where the daughters are connecting that coincides with old ann dreaming she's chasing a butterfly. it is really lame and embarrassing."there are no mistakes", ann advises at us. the statement doesn't ring true with the story. and it doesn't ring true after seeing the movie and wishing they hadn't wasted the talent of such good actors.

i went to see "evening" because of the cast. i'd gone to see "norman's room" for that reason -- that movie offering diane keaton, leonardo de caprio and, also, meryl streep -- and had loved every minute of it. same for "the notebook" even though it was chick-flit lite. and my feeling was, anything offering performances by vanessa redgrave, meryl streep, patrick wilson and glenn close would be at least as good. instead, i found sometimes even the greatest actors cannot overcome trite, simplistic and -- on one occasion -- truly offensive material.now i had no problem with the way the film was structured. i actually enjoy movies that cut back and forth in time to tell a story...so long as one era illuminates the other and vise verse. but while vanessa's character being on her deathbed and recalling a past event she felt "was a mistake" was riveting, at times, the part actually showing what that "past mistake" was does nothing to clarify the matter. in fact, it makes it seem meaningless in the silliest "girl meets boy, girl gets boy, girl loses boy" fashion, and in the most unbelievable, clichéd, wrong-headed way possible.and from here be spoilers, so bear that in mind should you continue reading.first of all, claire danes was brutally miscast. not only does she not even begin to resemble vanessa redgrave as a young woman, she has nowhere near the chops when it comes to acting. don't get me wrong, she can be good in the right role -- just not this one. and patrick wilson was miscast, though he has the acting chops to almost pull it off. he'd have been better suited to the part hugh dancy played -- the rich confused wasp -- and not the object of sexual attraction to one and all; he's a bit too wasp-y for that. hugh dancy? one note -- "i'm a tortured drunk and wait till you find out why." and the "why" (i'm a closet case in a sexually repressed world, so i have to drink to excess and make a fool of myself in front of everyone i know) was so offensive to me and the manner in which he died (as you knew he would because that's the only thing that can happen to a faggot in the fifties) so ludicrous, wrong-headed and mishandled, i nearly threw my candy at the screen.as for the modern part between toni collette and her sister, her fear of commitment, her jealousy of her sister's "perfect life," her sister wondering if she's made the right choices, her pregnancy and her too-perfect boyfriend (which actually might have been more interesting and meaningful if played by patrick wilson, and ebon moss-bachrach might have been a more interesting harris, given his dreamy eyes) -- anyway, all this was hashed over in the 70's and 80's. and in much greater depth. do we really have to present it, again, and all as if it was fresh and momentous?and to top it off, meryl streep doesn't even appear until the last ten minutes of the movie, all in old lady makeup that hides many of her facial expressions. she's still good, but only because she's meryl, and meryl can find a way to pull off even the silliest dialog under the heaviest of makeup.so to put it simply, this movie has every cliché in the "really meaningful message" movie book, and it adds a few that really had no business being trotted out, again. at two hours long and laced with "lifetime movie-of-the-week" music that is guaranteed to rub you raw, it's a complete failure in both the "meaningful" and "moviemaking" aspects. i give it "3" only because of meryl and vanessa.now, if all you require from your films is twadd le, then please set my comments about "evening" aside and have the time of your life. but if you want a truly meaningful experience being served up by great actors and filmmakers who know what to do with a simple story about life and death and all the nonsense it brings, rent "norman's room" and find out what truly great acting is.

ever since the cinema-loving universe made acquaintance with a guy named george a. romero, the word "zombie" automatically gets associated with blood-soaked horror images and non-stop acting sequences. it's safe to say that his "night of the living dead" formed the zombie movie as we know it now. yet, in the earliest years of cinema, the premise of reanimated corpses was merely used in slow, nearly action-less psychological thrillers. jacques tourneur's "i walked with a zombie" is a perfect example and so is "white zombie", starring bela lugosi. this "revolt of the zombies" could have been another example but unfortunately it's a failure over the entire line and easily one of the most tedious movies i ever saw. dreadful acting, a very poorly written screenplay and a complete lack of atmosphere and tension! the film only lasts 65 minutes and yet the first half hour is entirely wasted on stupid love-story intrigues and unexciting monologues. the setting in the legendary cambodian city of angkor surely could have resulted in a more compelling story but all we ever see are interior shots. the lead actress (dorothy stone, textbook blonde with curly hair and an ugly nose) irritated me enormously and i kept hoping a ravenous undead would suddenly appear out of nowhere to devour her. unlucky again. if you manage to struggle yourself through 60 soporific minutes, you'll be rewarded with a fairly decent finale. still, this is far too little to give this film a positive rating, let alone a recommendation. avoid! this is the type of movie you should only see in case you already saw everything else.

well, first off, if you're checking out revolt of the zombies as some very early night of the living dead (1968)-type film, forget it. this is about "zombies" in a more psychological sense, where that term merely denotes someone who is not in control of their will, but who must instead follow the will of another. the "zombies" here, as little as they are in the film, are largely metaphors for subservience to the state or authority in general, as in wartime. it is quite a stretch to call this a horror film.the film is set during world war i. a "french cambodian" contingent had heard strange stories about zombification--supposedly angkor wat was built by utilizing zombies--and there are tales of zombie armies easily overcoming foes. armand louque (dean jagger) brings back a priest who supposedly knows the secret of zombification, but he won't talk. so louque and an international military contingent head to angkor wat on an archaeological expedition designed to discover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before zombies have a chance to "wipe out the white race".one of the odd things about revolt of the zombies is that it seems like maybe writer/director victor halperin decided to change his game plan while shooting the script. the film begins as if it will explore the zombie/military metaphor, and maybe even have adventure elements, but after about 15 minutes, it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle story.halperin does stick with a subtext about will and power (and a nietzschean "will to power"). the film is interesting on that level, but the script and the editing are very choppy. this is yet another older film for which i wouldn't be surprised if there is missing footage, especially since some scenes even fade or cut while a character is uttering dialogue.amidst the contrived romance story, halperin tries to keep referring to the zombie thread, but little of the zombie material makes much sense. louque discovers the secret of zombification, but it doesn't mean much to the viewer. the mechanics of the zombie material are vague and confusinghalperin even resorts to using superimposed footage of bela lugosi's googly-eyes from his 1932 film, white zombie, but never explains what it has to do with anything. there are big gaps in the plot, including the love story. promising, interesting characters from early reels disappear for long periods of time. one potential villain is disposed of unceremoniously before he gets to do much.if you're a big fan of old, creaky b movies, revolt of the zombies may be worth watching at least once--the acting isn't all that bad, and if you've got a good imagination, you can piece together an interesting story in your mind to fill in all of the gaps. but this is the second time i've seen the film, with the first only being about five years ago, and i could barely recall anything about it--so it's not exactly memorable.

seriously, i absolutely love these old movies and their simplicity but i just watched this for the first time last night and it easily slotted itself into my bottom five of all time. was this supposed to be about the love story or the zombies??? this movie was so bad that after it mercifully ended all i could do is laugh at how ridiculously bad it really was. thankfully i'm too anal to turn a movie off without seeing the entire thing or i wouldn't be able to brag about watching this all the way through in one sitting! i like to think something positive can be said about anything in life so in keeping with that theory i will acknowledge this film's most positive asset, it was very short for a full length film.

while this film certainly does possess the stench of a bad film, it's surprisingly watchable on several levels. first, for old movie fans, it's interesting to see the leading role played by dean jagger (no relation to mick). while jagger later went on to a very respectable role as a supporting actor (even garnering the oscar in this category for 12 o'clock high), here his performance is truly unique since he actually has a full head of hair (i never saw him this way before) and because he was by far the worst actor in the film. this film just goes to show that if an actor cannot act in his earlier films doesn't mean he can't eventually learn to be a great actor. another good example of this phenomenon is paul newman, whose first movie (the silver chalice) is considered one of the worst films of the 1950s.a second reason to watch the film is the shear cheesiness of it all. the writing is bad, the acting is bad and the special effects are bad. for example, when jagger and an unnamed cambodian are wading through the water, it's obvious they are really just walking in place and the background is poorly projected behind them. plus, once they leave the water, their costumes are 100% dry!!! horrid continuity and mindlessly bad dialog abounds throughout the film--so much so that it's hard to imagine why they didn't ask bela lugosi or george zucco to star in the film--since both of them starred in many grade-z horror films. in many ways, this would be a perfect example for a film class on how not to make a film.so, while giving it a 3 is probably a bit over-generous, it's fun to laugh at and short so it's worth a look for bad film fans.

"revolt of the zombies" proves that having the same director revamp and recycle an idea doesn't necessarily make lightning strike twice.the halperin brothers, responsible for the horror classic "white zombie", made this trite piece of garbage a mere few years later to cash in on its popularity and even recycled close-ups of lugosi's eyes from that previous film. there was a court battle with the "white zombie" film's rights owners, who didn't want the halperins to be able to use the word 'zombie' in this title. that word was the only thing that could help this film, because, as everyone knows, bad films can make much more money simply by having the word 'zombie' appear in the title. knowing what victor halperin was capable of a few years before only makes this uninteresting film more insulting. it seems he never directed another horror film after this debacle. the zombies here seem not to be true walking dead, but simply hypnotism victims.wanna create a mind-controlled army of zombies? be ready to crack a few eggs, including your own.the lame plot: man falls in love with scheming woman who plays with his heart and becomes engaged to him only to make his friend, whom she loves, jealous. this sends man into a spiral of madness in which he tries using zombie mind-control techniques to change things to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who isn't worth spit.this includes one of the most blatantly obvious plot developments i've ever seen. you'd have to be blind or stupid not to see the ending coming. the acting isn't even good. this movie makes the racially insensitive "king of the zombies" (which appeared on the same double bill dvd i bought) seems like an atmospheric horror masterpiece by comparison and reminds us that not every black and white film is a classic. it makes the atomic age sci-fi alien zombie cheese fest "invisible invaders" seem like a serious drama. this is one big ball of cheese so ridiculously melodramatic it could probably make many a korean film fan twitch (south korean films are often known for their use of melodrama). the credits list the ironically named company favorite films. i'm not sure whose favorite film this would be, but they're obviously an idiot.not recommended for fans of: zombies, romance, or classic films.

this film is something like a sequel of "white zombie", since it is made by the same man (halperin) and features zombies. halperin, the george a. romero of his day, fails to deliver with this one, though.we have a man who can control the minds of people in cambodia, and a search to destroy the source of his power so the zombies can be sent free. also, a love interest for the evil man.where this film really excels is in the imagery. the cambodian temples and dancers are very nice and the zombie look very powerful in their large numbers. unfortunately, we don't really get to see much of the zombies in action and the love story seems to play a much too large role for a horror film (though this has a valid plot reason later on).i would have loved to see some 1930s zombies attack helpless city folk, but this film just did not deliver. and no strong villain (like bela lugosi) was waiting to do battle against our heroes. and the use of lugosi's eyes? a nice effect, but misleading as he is never in the film... why not recreate this with the new actor's eyes? overall, a film that could be a great one with a little script re-working and could someday be a powerful remake (especially if they keep it in the same post-war time frame). heck, if they can fix up "the hills have eyes" then this film has hope.

revolt of the zombies (2 outta 5 stars) no, this is not a long-lost ancestor to the classic george a. romero zombie flicks. this is a low-budget potboiler from 1936 that probably seemed very cool to audiences of the time... but seems awfully routine these days. there is actually a pretty good scene at the start of a soldier firing off his pistol into a horde of approaching zombie soldiers... and a close-up of bullets entering the bare chest of one of them. the effect looks hopelessly fake these days but in 1936 i'm sure it had audiences gasping. the story concerns the search for the secret of mind control... ostensibly to create an unstoppable zombie army... but later as a means for one character to win the woman he loves. the movie is barely an hour long but moves at a snail's pace so it seems feature-length, believe me! there really isn't much to recommend it... you may get some amusement from the faked studio shots of the star "wading" through a "swamp". the ending is interesting... so i'd say the movie is worth seeing at least once. more than likely you will see it as an extra feature on some cheap "4 movies on 1 dvd" compilation at wal-mart for five bucks. hey, it's well worth the money...

when you look at this now and hear all the language in here, it's amazing this was rated "pg," but that's the 1970s rating system for you. peter falk spews out the lord's name in vain six times in the first ten minutes alone in this movie! yet, few people consider that offensive, and certainly not the scumbags who make movies nor the people who "rate" them.the cast is a clue to how profane this film can be: falk, peter boyle, allen garfield, warren oates, gena rowlands and paul sorvino aren't exactly actors you wouldn't find in "the sound of music."i like heist movies, and a lot of films by director william friedkin, but this script doesn't deliver and it just has way too much of the "sleazy '70s" feel to it, visually and audibly. for those who loved falk in tv's "columbo" it must come as a shock to hear him use as much profanity as he did in films. this is far from the only case.

as far as heist movies go, this one is pretty weak. continuity is pretty lousy, there isn't enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the characters. peter falk is great, and he is one of the reasons its worth watching. falk has some great lines, like "he'll be right back, he goin' buy to some saugages" or something like that... there are a few nice scenes, although they are entirely due to the efforts of the actors. direction, script, and editing is pretty lousy.

ok, so mr. agrama's company (which is involved in some dubious business with former italian pm silvio berlusconi) produced a horrendous mish-mash by a mr. carl macek.what is this horrendous mish-mash i'm talking about? well, macek took three entirely unrelated japanese sci-fi animated series (namely, macross, southern cross and mospeada), added tons of dialogue - believing firmly that the american audience is too dumb to understand the narrative and artistic virtue of silence - , edited the whole lot heavily for violent content, added some metaphysical mumbo jumbo, dubbed it using some of the worst voice actors this side of acting hell (reba west's singing was - and still is - unbearable and a total outrage, especially compared to mrs. mari iijima)... and the result was an 85-episode series with hundreds of continuity problems and plot holes.of course, the mecha were cool to look at (especially those in the "macross saga") and the plot parts that remained unscathed were good. but whatever was good about robotech was not the result of macek's work or the "voice talents" he recruited. it was because of the toils and efforts of the (uncredited - why? would i be too bold to accuse hg of plagiarism here?) japanese creators. those of us who eventually got wind of the real deal and compared the originals to robotech now wish we had never been exposed to robotech. the originals are so much better, naturally, and make a lot more sense.robotech, however, did something worthwhile: it prompted legendary anime creator leiji matsumoto to start a campaign for the protection of japanese anime creators' intellectual property from such unauthorized and uncalled-for reworkings that talentless people like carl macek produce.

my wife and i really had high hopes for this film, but it was a major disappointment. it was a native american version of mr. magoo. a pathetic father who fails at everything he tries e.g. fishing, hunting, in an obvious way he subjects his family to his wild fantasies. his "visions" are not only ridiculous but in the process he lies to his son numerous times about various obvious things. words cannot express how bad this film is. the children and wife are very real which makes the film even sadder. i don't get the humor... unless you like laughing at other people making a fool of themselves. i don't get how this could have come up for awards. save your bucks, it's not worth the rental.

this movie is ridiculous. anyone saying the acting is great and the casting is superb have never seen even mediocre cinema. the acting is obviously terrible in the first 5 characters you meet. lame. i feel like all the other "soaring" comments must have been made by people associated with the filmmakers. i was not very impressed by the storyline, but just wanted to see some beautiful oregon countryside, and there was some decent cinematography--but the casting was anything but inspired. i think this movie also makes a mockery of the generally noble suggestion that something deep in the amerindian culture has been ignored and perhaps lost and that reviving it is worthwhile, and possible. it places jokes in the wrong and all-too-obvious places, and makes me think it was written by the state department or something. back to the drawing board. to even suggest that this film deserves a place in the same vicinity of classics like harold and maude is absolutely retarded, and along the same line of begging and pretension and "joking" as is rampant in this film.

as a native film professor, i can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with native content that i have ever viewed. i would rather get a root canal than view this film again. the use of stereotyping, uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script. the writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying native people and communities. if this person is native, they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed. if this person is non-native, they need to seriously re-examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. my only hope is that the native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts. if you want to see good native films then check out: christmas in the clouds, dance me outside, medicine river, powwow highway, smoke signals...to name just a few.

another made for tv piece of junk! this is an insult of a war movie (i use the word movie in it's loosest possible form!) i thought telly savalas's career had hit rock bottom when he did the voice over on that visit birmingham video that's shown on tarrant on tv on a semi regular basis, but then i'd forgot he was involved in this! i'd tried to push it into my subconscious memory, but cable tv brought the memory kicking and screaming out of me!! i like the bit (laughs sarcastically!) in the film which claims to be a scene from liverpool in the forties, but it's blatantly a shot of zagreb cathedral in the late eighties. also the steam train the commando's are training on shows the jz (jugoslavia zeleznice, or yugoslav state railways) logo's on the side of the locomotive quite clearly, even though the makers have tried to black them out. why not just film in the uk, if that's where most of the film is set? cheap rubbish, and a waste of celluloid!

it really was that bad. on a par with the (mercifully!) short-lived "dirty dozen" tv series that starred ben murphy and was made at around the same time (also on the cheap in yugoslavia).i was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for telly savalas in particular. he was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role (pushing 70 when he made this garbage), and the reviewer who draws parallels with telly the greek in this and john wayne in "the green berets" pretty much sums it up.other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains, so i won't repeat them here. but i will add that i'm amazed that no-one's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny-looking helmet that savalas wears on his big, bloated head. i'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at imdb.as far as i'm concerned, it's a "1" right across the board. if you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea (especially 20-plus years after the original) - look no further than "the dirty dozen - the fatal mission".awful - avoid!!!!

the germans all stand out in the open and get mowed down with a machine gun. the good guys never die, unless its for dramatic purposes. the "plot" has so many holes its laughable. (where did the german soldiers go once they rolled the fuel tank towards the train? erik estrada? please!) and the whole idea, hijacking a train? how moronic is that! the germans know where you are going to go, its not like you can leave the track and drive away! what a waste. i would rather bonk myself on the head with a ball peen hammer 10 times then have to sit through that again. i mean, seriously, it felt like it was made in the 60s, but it was produced in 88!! 1988!! the a-team is more believable than this horrid excuse for a movie. only watch it if you need a good laugh. this movie is to tele sevalas what green beret was to john wayne.

"lies" tells about an affair between an 18 year old bucktoothed female student and a scrawny 38 year old married man with the pair of protags spending about half the screen time engaged in naked sex and hokey whipping and the other half meandering through the pathetically naive storyline which seems little more than an excuse for the sex scenes. with very poor production value including obvious sanitary appliances and phony softcore sex to a story which is a messy mix of comedy and drama, "lies" quickly becomes redundant ad nauseam. with an almost 2 hour run, subtitles, and so little substance, "lies" is simply not recommendable. (c-)

i saw this feature as part of the asian american film festival in new york and was horrified by the graphic, sado-masochistic, child pornography that i witnessed. the story line is hidden beneath way too many graphic sex scenes - and, not one is in the least bit erotic - sick is the more the feeling. the director seemed to be going for shock value rather the exploring the various levels of why these characters are like this. see it if you can stomach it - i still have flashbacks.

i was at first disgusted with director sun-woo jang because i had felt that he cheated me. jang had the potential to create a strong, deeply emotional film about sex and its effects on people, but instead chose to focus his strength on the pornography element more than the actual human element. i couldn't see the characters at first and his sloppy introduction which blended both realism and cinema together was amateurish at best  yet this film remained in my mind for days after i viewed it. what stayed with me wasn't the story, it wasn't the characters, nor was it the apparent pornographic nature of the film, but the transition that jang demonstrated between y and j. if you watch this film carefully, you will see that both begin in an exploration phase of their relationship, eager to jump into the unknown, but not quite certain the next step. as they continue to meet, exploring new avenues of pleasure, they continually jump between the aggressor and the aggressed. jang initially explores the idea that j is the one that in control of the situation, then hauntingly, the reversal happens when j becomes obsessed with y. it is a very small change, and due to the graphic content of this film, it can easily be missed, but it is there. it becomes apparently clear near the end when j cannot live with y, as their meetings become less frequent, and j attempts to become a part of normal society. this was a huge and very exciting element to this film to see right before your eyes, but alas, it was the only element of this film worth viewing.i will ignore those that speak of this film as nothing more than pornographic, because there are human elements at the core of this film, as underdeveloped as they are, they are there. it is a film about a facet of our lives that is very rarely explored in cinema or talked about in the papers. what happens behind closed doors is never known  or so we should believe. while the act itself does becomes repetitive after a bit, director jang tries to change it up a bit with some constantly changing scenery. our characters are continually moving from hotel room to hotel room to best quench their thirst for each other's flesh. this is fun at first, but again, jang's repetitive streak seems to make it feel boring than exciting. this leads me to the biggest issue that i had with this film. jang had a great story with gojitmal, but where he failed (outside of the obvious choice to focus directly on the pornographic side) was that he took scenes, repeated them time and again, without changing in front of us to allow us to get to know the characters. where was jang going with this movie? did he want the sex to tell the stories, or did he believe the characters would? he failed in this sense because by the end of the film we know so little about y and j that we could care less how they resolve themselves. the ending seems almost random at best as jang attempts to create a final resolution for our two, absolute unknowns, of this film. i have to give jang some credit for trying, but not much. he attempted to create some sub-stories that would create the personal element that we were lacking, but they just couldn't congeal well together. y's brother and j's wife were those plot points, but again, due to him focusing so strongly on the sexual element, these stronger sub-stories became un-rememberable and down-right dull. maybe it was just how i viewed this film, but outside of the sexual scenes, nothing else worked together. we knew nothing about j and y and that is why gojitmal failed.finally, i would like to say that this film could have benefited from having a strong score or a daftly remote music genre element to it to bring us, the viewers, closer to the emotions being felt by j and y. from what i can remember, and i am trying to push this film far from my mind, i don't remember any musical undertones. gojitmal may have been a stronger film if jang either stylized it with music or done something to allude towards our character's beings. while i understand that he wanted the sex to speak for itself, there was just a technical element missing from this film that may have quenched a stronger desire for more. technically, this was a poor film. obviously an independent film in nature, it felt more like director jang was trying to make symbolic references out of nothing instead of your typical independent of this nature. i didn't see as much of a social message or human element like mentioned above, i just felt like he threw this film together over the course of two weeks and understood that the sex would sell it enough. this was no larry clark production; this was sub-par and definitely needed some further technical clicks to develop it stronger than the final release! overall, i think i could have liked this film and there were smaller elements that i did enjoy, but i felt this film was rushed, repetitive, and played too much towards the taboos instead of breaking them. the obvious pitfalls of this film can be seen by the last scene of this film when we are privy to how the title of this film was conceived. our characters were uneventful, our story was underdeveloped, and we could have used something memorable to make what was happening between y and j into something more symbolic than sex. to me, jang was trying too much to capture art house meets pornographic  and it failed miserably. this was not a film worth the time and effort that it took to make.grade: ** out of *****

this movie is a rather odd mix of musical, romance, drama and crime with a sniff of film-noir to it. it's basically one messy heap of different genres, of which none really works out like it was supposed to.this movie is an attempt by mickey rooney to be taken more serious as an actor. he's a former child-star who always used to star in in happy comical- and musical productions at the start of his career. in this movie he picks a different approach (although the musical aspects are still present in the movie). but his role is actually quite laughable within the movie. i mean mickey rooney as a tough player? he's an extremely small boyish looking man. he actually was in his 30's already at the time of this movie but he seriously looks more like a 16 year old. hearing him say babe to women and hearing talking tough to gangsters who are about 3 times bigger than he is just doesn't look and feel right. he simply isn't convincing in his role.because the movie mixes so many different genres, the story also really feels as a messy one. somewhere in it there is a crime plot and somewhere in it is a romantic plot-line and one about living your dream but none of it works out really due to the messy approach and handling of it all. it just isn't an interesting or compelling movie to watch. lászló kardos is also a director who has done only 10 movies in his lifetime, despite the fact that his career span from 1935 till 1957. he must have been a struggling director who had a hard time getting work into the industry and instead once in a while was given a lesser script to work with. his movies are all unknown ones and normally also not of too high quality.let's also not forget that this is a '50's movie but yet it more feels like a '40's one or perhaps even as one from the '30's. this is of course mostly due to the fact that this movie got shot in black & white. generally speaking black & white movies from the '50's often have a cheap looking feeling over it and this movie forms no exception.it's a rather strange sight seeing mickey rooney and louis armstrong and his band as themselves performing together in a sequence. it wasn't the only movie armstrong appeared in though and he would often pop up in these type of movies, often simply as himself. i guess jazz lovers can still somewhat enjoy watching this movie due to its music, since there is quite an amount of it present in this movie. the movie actually received an oscar nomination for best original song.an awkward little movie and outing from mickey rooney.4/10

i rented this film yesterday mostly due to the good-looking art and the summary given on the back of the jacket. after popping it into my dvd player i re-examined the jacket cover and even though i took the cover out of from the plastic viewer, i still could not read any of the production detail information about the film. this film is entitled evil on the jacket and had to locate it by going to faith films website to find out any linkage to it here on imdb.the filming and special affects done in the film looked quite good ... then, a line-reading actor spoke. oh dear ... this actor's reading sounded like some pimple-faced high school jock whose voice just managed to change pitch, and no attempt given to go beyond reading the lines from the script. at first i thought i got a bad disc out of audio sync, then had to surmise it was a foreign film since i couldn't read the jacket... english dialog dubbed. if they'd casted the right person for dubbing the dialog, this film might have been decent. i gave it a chance of about 20 minutes before ejecting it when i discovered the bad line reader wasn't going to get killed off, but stay as the constant main fixture. yes, it is that bad! the jacket cover art and the art done in the film are great, so gave the one star, but minus 1,999,999 stars for the rotten dialog. i do not recommend this one!

as a horror-movie fan i try to watch all significant novelties of this genre, especially those which are the products of my native cinema. and i can say that that the "power of fear" (or "vedma" as the russian title of it) is one of the weakest film among them. firstly, it can't scary even a little kid, it paces so slowly and so predictable that there is no place for the real horror. frankly speaking, it's bad in all points: from the goofy plot (i don't know why the russian producers/director decided to transform the classic story about ukrainian witchcraft into some lame and ridiculous modern-day-america thriller. i absolutely agree with the previous reviewer  it doesn't thrill a bit) and to the terrible and cheesy actors' work. all actors including the leading valeri nikolayev and yevgeniya kryukova who are quite famous in russia look like wooden dolls or something like that and it seems to me they didn't even bother to play at all, only spoke their english lines without any expression. and at the end i don't really understand why they filmed this flick in english with russian actors? i think it was their wrong turn. at least they could cast some american or english actors for the leading parts to make them look more convincing. the same i can say about so called "small american town backgrounds" which were shot in estonia and look like it. the only positive moment i found in the "power of fear" is the visual effects. they are not excellent but rather good for the russian film. and the music is ok, at least it doesn't irritate me. that's why i give it two stars. overall, if you want to see good horror film  don't waste your time and money on this boring flick. and if you are looking for something that claims to be a russian horror i'd advise you to find a copy of "viy or the spirit of evil". it's really the terrific movie based on the same novel as "power of fear" but much, much better.

ivan (valeri nikolayev) is a bitter, cynical journalist who investigates the unexplained. he travels to this small town where it's said that a witch (ita ever) is terrorizing the community.his car stalls and he takes refuge in a small building, and meets a beautiful, mysterious girl. suddenly she turns into a demon and he kills her, and the town is wondering who murdered this woman...who i guess was the witch but i am not entirely sure. ivan is now being pursued by her spirit, or something, and he has to have faith, or something, to beat it.i really hate christian films. they are usually filled with lame actors, stupid storyline and minimal effects. not to mention that this isn't just a christian film...but a foreign one as well. the voice-over actor for ivan made the movie more comical than terrorizing, because it is so high pitched and whiny. you won't miss much by missing out on this film.

nikolai gogol's story "viy" has been filmed again and released to home video in the us via faith films.the original story concerns a priest who has to watch over the body of a witch with only his faith to protect him. greatly expanded and set in america, though clearly filmed in russia (the houses,clothing and furnishing are all wrong despite the english signs), this is an odd film that doesn't really work.part of it is the weird setting that tries very hard to be backwoods america but clearly isn't.there are also some weird, intentionally oblique moments as the main character being a reporter at the start and a priest a short time later. i'm not sure why they did that, even after watching the making of piece on the dvd) the other problem is the dubbing which is beyond awful. its done in such away that everyone speaks when their lips are not on camera- or if they are the voices don't even remotely match the lip flaps. i don't know if its faith films fault or that of the producers who made the film hoping to dump into the west (revealed in the making of piece).the film isn't very good. as i've said it has all sorts of technical issues that just make this an odd ball curio. despite some really good looking horror images the film never works as a horror film. as film to engender faith its much too confused in this retelling to amount to make anyone feel anyone closer to god.given the choice i'd give it a pass, even at a bargain bin price. my advice would be to find the 1960's version of the tale called viy which will bring both some shivers and some understanding about a belief in god.

possibly very minor spoilersthis movie is billed as the first russian horror movie. unfortunately, as far as i am concerned, "the witch" (its russian title) will take a place of dishonor in the gallery of horrible russian movies. it is based on nikolai gogol's story "viy" which is a classic in russia. "based" is the key word here since no familiarity with the story is required. instead, the less you know about gogol, the better. it is a unique production because we are quite used to directors taking stories from other cultures and adapting them to their own culture. the spate of american remakes of foreign films is a prime example, but then again, sturgess turned kurosawa's seven samurai into the magnificent seven with splendid results, and kurosawa transferred shakespeare's macbeth into japan to make an incredibly powerful throne in blood, while king lear became a riveting ran. however, with "the witch," we have russians transplanting a russian classical tale onto the american soil. the movie was shot in estonia in english with the aim of dubbing it into english using american actors and have reasonably synchronous lip movements. as a natural consequence, lost is the colorful ukrainian background for the story, in comes a drab american small town seemingly lifted from some outdated horror book manual. gone is the boozy seminarian khoma brutus, instead we have a boozy journalist who is about to win pullitzer prize, and who at the same time writes about x-files-like events and frequents miss boobs contests. (i never thought pullitzer prize was given for that kind of writing, now i humbly stand corrected.) in a strange nod to russianness, the journalist is named ivan berkhoff. they should've named him john smith because it is impossible to get more hackneyed, clichéd and generic than this movie. berkhoff goes to a town named castleville, gets stranded on a dirt road, staggers on until he finds a dilapidated house and is rather un-welcomed by an old crone. all that to the accompaniment of a radio announcement about the forces of evil being at their most powerful, and people better staying indoors and avoiding water. need i mention that it's raining really hard? after a few supposedly frightening scenes which had me laughing, the story finds our journalist dressed as a priest, he's mistaken for a priest, and the local sheriff tells him his daughter who died after being brutally attacked wanted the new priest to pray for her for three nights. at this point, the action supposedly starts. those who have time to kill are welcome to it. what is wrong with this film? everything, starting with the dialog and down to the prop department. the dialog which i heard in russian was clearly originally written in english, and it was compiled exclusively from clichés and platitudes picked from american films. the actors just as clearly struggled with english because the timing of their speech was labored and unnatural, and the russian dubbing followed suit. the acting is mostly atrocious, and not only because the actors find it often difficult to talk but because they don't have anything approaching a range of facial expressions. for the most part, they're just blank or you wish they were. the only exceptions being the sheriff played by lembit ulfsak, a fine estonian actor, and arnis lizitis who plays a wheelchair bound resident of castleville. oh, and a rooster of course who's absolutely natural on camera! i know actors complain of being upstaged by dogs and cats but when nikolaev is upstaged by a rooster it is a sad testimony to the general quality of acting in the film.there wasn't a single scary moment in the entire film, and there wasn't a single original moment in the film either. mind you, this comment's coming from somebody who's rather inexperienced with horror. the film is filled with standard moves used in horror movie since the genre's inception. at a critical moment, the camera lingers lovingly on a kerosene lamp. the lamp promptly goes out. it must have seen a few horror movies, too. an example of supreme idiocy comes at another moment, a character jumps out of a bathtub and runs at the camera. he's wearing something the looks like loincloth! it doesn't get any more idiotic than this!those in russia who liked it claim it should've been advertised as a mystical thriller. i wasn't thrilled either. it was run-of-the-mill from start to finish. i particularly enjoyed the fact that the entire population of the little town behaved as if they knew exactly they lived in a horror movie, except they weren't quite sure whether it had zombies or not. therefore, some of them acted zombie-like just in case. the makers of the film say it's about finding faith. such a fine collections of idiotic actions, stupidly contrived moments, and, yes, clichés, doesn't deserve to be about finding faith. the movie is so thoroughly and utterly fake it deserves only to be an exhibit in a wax figure museum.

what's in here ?! let me tell you. it's the presence of (alec baldwin). he's not a great actor but maybe a nice star with some good movies which this is not one of them. he did nothing here more than anything he did before or after. so not to mention (literally !) the matter of (steve mcqueen) being at the same role in the original because i don't want to make that comparison in the first place. i'm not a big fan or even a fan of (kim basinger), she got a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best she looks average ! and it gets on my nerve indeed whenever they talk about her seductive rare beauty !!?? well, if being a blond would make anyone captivating then i'll dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible ! and what is it with all the craziness over miss basinger's legs ??!! it's surely insanity or bad tasting ? as i don't see them both as not sexy only, but ugly too ! and if you hate that so shoot me down but you know what ?! i've just watched this movie so i'm dead already !. yet, what would make you really suffer in unbearable way is that nothing of the credits goes to the one she deserves the mostand of course i mean (jennifer tilly)..now we're talking about a true genuine seductive chick with such unforgettable body and one unique sense of allurement like a nasty brunette (marilyn monroe) however much more healthier !! (i can't help it, she was the only new and watchable thing in here !). (michael madsen) as the bad guy was much appealing as well as effective more than the good guys, (james woods) is here to summarize the early events beside the pool (so the trailer would be by his voice later !) and he knew before all that this is a whole hollywood's stuff so "do your thing, take your cash, and good luck as an actor in other movies !", the editing gave the movie a serious personality along with violent atmosphere done by suitable shining cinematography, so the main goods of it (the action, the thrill, ..) are here and fairly well-made, though any echo for deep meanings about (the kinds of betrayal) as the main dramatic motif of the whole thing is not that strong so don't wait for it. ok, it's all in all another remake without anything special (except jennifer tilly's spicy moments !) so i think i tried to be objective as much as i could therefore i shouldn't end my review saying that (basinger) or anyone here did better than this movie.. it would be an insult because frankly.. anything is better than this movie!

any one who saw the original would have to go out and destroy this dreadful remake. alex baldwin trying to imitate the late steve mcqueen in a word for word remake just doesn't work. while baldwin has done some admirable work this is a flop from start to finish. mcqueen had charisma, never try to compete with a star. as for kim in the role of ali mcgraw enough said. mcqueen looked dangerous, menacing and believable as doc, the film had excitement and suspense,baldwin and company made this into a comedy,i laughed the one and only time i saw this miserable film. and that dreadful hairstyle for michael madsen who is one of today's more exciting and believable actors! did the makeup people have it in for michael, what were they thinking.if you wish to see movie-making the way it was under sam peckinpah's direction get the original!

nowhere near the original. it's quite accurate copy bringing nothing new to the story. but the directing is very poor. basinger is weak - without good directing. baldwin is simply just a second league compared to mcqueen. i watched it just out of curiosity, being a huge fan of peckinpah's masterpiece, and i got what i thought. almost a b movie with second rate acting and directing. i wasn't even disappointed, i just don't know what they were trying to do. this remake doesn't try to play with the original material, it's not a tribute and indeed it lacks some really good actor of its era.it reminds me of a bad xerox copy of wonderful photograph.this is a complete waste of your time. save yourself 2 hours or watch the original (again:)))

don't even bother with this movie, it's bad when judged on it's own merits, but when compared to the 1972 original (which is a classic) it's down right awful. and btw, somebody commented that the 1972 movie is bad when compared to the book. this is silly, movies should never be judged against the books they are taken from. they are 2 completely different art forms (as if this needed to be pointed out but apparently it does). if you used this criteria for all movies then "2001" would suck and so would "forest gump" and "silence of the lambs".

back when alec baldwin and kim basinger were a mercurial, hot-tempered, high-powered hollywood couple they filmed this (nearly) scene-for-scene remake of the 1972 steve mcqueen-ali macgraw action-thriller about a fugitive twosome. it almost worked the first time because mcqueen was such a vital presence on the screen--even stone silent and weary, you could sense his clock ticking, his cagey magnetism. baldwin is not in steve mcqueen's league, but he has his charms and is probably a more versatile actor--if so, this is not a showcase for his attributes. basinger does well and certainly looks good, but james woods is artificially hammy in a silly mob-magnet role. a sub-plot involving another couple taken hostage by baldwin's ex-partner was unbearable in the '72 film and plays even worse here. as for the action scenes, they're pretty old hat, which causes one to wonder: why even remake the original? ** from ****

i cannot see why filmmakers remade this movie. the 1972 movie with mcqueen and mcgraw is almost a classic. steve mcqueen was an outstanding actor and baldwin is only an inadequate actor. he has no passion in his play.also the action in the original "getaway" was fantastic. but the remake has no action! it is almost boring despite the fact that the film-making in 1972 was more difficult than in 1994. i don't understand the way that baldwin imprisoned from mexico. i think this is a mistake in the story.so i think that there was no need to remake it, or if they decided to remake a classic, they must choose an excellent actor for the first role, like johnny depp or brad pitt...

spoilers throughout: the gettaway is mostly an action movie. and what action there is to!! shootouts, chases, dumpsters and much much more. it stars kim bassenger and alec baldwin as the mc coy's.this is a remake and i have not seen the original but really didn't care for this one at all although bassenger and baldwin have some nice screen chemistry. but the movie itself didn't do it for me.the gettaway became really tiresome really quickly. the plot is overshadowed by one fight/chase after another and as the violence keeps piling up, bassenger and baldwin retain their great looks no matter what perils they maybe in. in fact, by the end of the movie they almost look better then in the beginning. i don't think bassenger's eye makeup moves once during the whole picture.this isn't the worst movie i've ever seen, certainly not, but it isn't very good and unless one is an action movie purist i can't see really enjoying this movie because there's just not a lot here. the gettaway isn't terribly original either, and goes every way from unnecessarily brutal to rather dull. it really could have been better i think.bassenger and baldwin give ok performances but they don't have a lot to do except get chased and run for their lives. sometimes less is more, after seeing the same thing over and over again it gets stale. didn't enjoy this one to much.

i have not seen this movie in ages but figured i'd comment on it anyway, mostly because the memory of disliking it so intently is burned into my memory cells. the original the getaway was no prize to begin with but at least had the distinctions of being 1) a sam peckinpah movie, 2) featured steve mcqueen, ben johnson, and slim pickens, 3) was a relatively painless way to blow away an hour and a half of time.by comparison, the 1994 version comes across as little more than a vanity piece for the then red hot alec baldwin and his soon to be divorced wife, kim basinger. mcqueen and his then wife allie mcbride also split up soon after their version of the film was made and one can sort of picture the baldwins at their marriage councilor arguing over who's stupid idea it was to make this movie.let's just get it said and out of the way -- alec baldwin never was and never will be anything close to the cooler king, and one of the reasons why this remake annoyed me so much is the perceived arrogance on baldwin's part to presume to challenge our memory of steve mcqueen in the lead role. like someone else points out, peckinpah's 1972 vision of the film was a satire piece meant to sort of parody the action/adventure heist genre. by contrast baldwin, bassinger & company seem to be trying to evoke a more serious tone, with only michael madsen's and james woods' slimy unprincipled villain characters coming off as real people.the movie is also decidedly mean spirited and unlikeable at a fundamental level that is difficult to put into words. one viewing was more than enough, not just because it didn't have anything new to offer but because of how artlessly it was made. peckinpah's movie was actually a stylish little entertainment that had an upbeat mood, where this version is a slog that takes too long to amount to little or nothing. there's no artistic urgency to it's existence and some of the more uncomfortable scenes are so uncomfortable that they make the film difficult to enjoy.so i don't know, this was probably one of the films that helped to initiate the wave of pointless, artistically vapid big budget remakes propped up around a then name brand actor/actress, which in itself isn't a really good thing. i'd always rather see a filmmaker at least try to come up with a new idea for a movie & fall flat with something original. this movie just made me want to pull my eyebrows out, and it's revealing that over the ensuing 15 years since it's release mr. baldwin has become widely renowned as one of the biggest jerks in hollywood. thank god for "team america" for putting him in his place.3/10

"this story is dedicated to women," according to the introduction, "who have been fighting for their rights ever since adam and eve started the loose-leaf system." when "politics" was filmed, the nineteenth amendment, guaranteeing women the right to vote, was only a decade old. and, the film deals with the wielding of political power by women as a voting group. advocating prohibition, and shutting down speakeasies, was a main concern for women at the time.good-natured marie dressler (as hattie burns) becomes politically active, after a young woman is shot and killed coming out of a speakeasy. she wants the liquor-selling joints closed; and, is drafted into a mayoral run, after delivering a powerful speech at a women's rally. ms. dressler is supported by her tenants, best friend polly moran (as ivy higgins) and her stuttering husband roscoe ates (as peter higgins). dressler's run for mayor of lake city draws opposition from men in town; so, dressler orders the women to go on strike, denying them, "everything" in the "parlor, bedroom, and bath." the film sounds much better than it turned out. the humor, frankly, isn't too good; and, it features some unfunny and moderately offensive situations ("you look like madame queen" refers to an amos and andy character). and, the mixing of shootings and slapstick doesn't mix well, this time. producers might have considered making the film more dramatic, focusing exclusively on dressler and the characters played by william bakewell (as benny emerson) and karen morley (as myrtle burns).**** politics (7/25/31) charles reisner ~ marie dressler, polly moran, roscoe ates

tierney's an authentic tough guy, but this movie misfire from normally competent rko undercuts his impact at every turn. the script is about as plausible as oj simpson at a ten cmmandments dinner. just count the times tierney's incredible car companions swallow one lame excuse after another for his evasive and violent acts. the old cliché about it "only happening in the movies" applies here in spades. then there's the guy playing the watchman, who appears to have wandered in from a boozy wc fields comedy, ruining the menacing mood in the process. the static one-room sets don't help either, and neither does director feist's obvious lack of feel for the material. then add a final car chase missing both imagination and pay-off, and the results are pretty flat. in fact the movie only picks up in the station-house scenes where hard-bitten cops discover the hidden powers of innocent-looking gas station attendants. too bad that tieney's career never really gelled. i gather that was due largely to being as big a tough guy off-screen as on and getting in one sleazy scrape after another. his ice-cold manner and clarity of emotion remind me at times of lee marvin at his tough-guy best. anyway this project might have worked as a radio play, but as a movie with a promising noir title, it's a disappointment.

the film did what it set out to do: show how a young girl copes with poverty and grows into her maturity. however, for most of us, this subject has been explored adequately and in most instances with more sophistication than done here. the movie fixated on breasts, which soon became boring and i lost interest. if this was on tv, i would've switched to the latest news on the starr report. that's how boring i found this movie.

i was really looking forward to this movie based on the previews and press it received, but after viewing it i was terribly disappointed. slums is a totally unfunny film mixed with a todd solondz type of disturbing family reality sans todd's brand of humor. the story drags along and each scene is worse than the last. maybe i missed the point, but if this film is an example of every girl's growing up experience i am glad to be a man.

from the critical acclaim, i expected more from this movie and from tamara jenkins. the story just meandered along and didn't seem to have a point or a plot. and i find it hard to believe that a 14 year old girl (mature for her age or no) would be so blase about getting the loss of her virginity "over with." maybe i am too young to relate (i was four years old in 1976), but i didn't have any problems connecting with the stories of shakespeare in love or life is beautiful and i wasn't alive for either of those settings. the cast is very good but unfortunately for them the script did not alow them to engage the audience. overall, slums had its moments but unless you are yearning to reminisce over halter tops and tube socks, i would say skip this one.

the most difficult thing about this movie is to say anything positive about it. the characters were stereotypical "white-trash", the movie's "plot" was stunted from the beginning, and the worst feature of this movie was that the nudity was so blatantly from body doubles it was funny. regretfully, that was the only funny thing in the movie. ms. jenkins would be better served if in the future, she would refrain from using her life-story to "entertain" people. it was simply that bad. the one positive aspect of this movie (this has nothing to do with the lack-of-quality of the film) is that my brother shelled out the money for this stinker.

---what happened to these unlikeable people. alan arkin was, as usual, unfunny and just walks through the role. the kids are all a mess. mariesa tomei probably wishes this role had never come her way. and what are carl reiner and rita moreno doing in this really bad, mean movie? if you enjoy watching losers wallow in their disfunction, and not try in any way to do better, this is your film. all others, take a walk, read a book, or see something else.jane

this is a story of a jewish dysfunctional family. the parents have divorced and mom remains back east in the house. the father, murray abromowitz, moves with his children to california, and moves around beverly hills so that his children can get the best education possible.things really become funny when marisa tomei, murray's niece, comes to lives with the group.the film deals with the various adventures of the family complicated by the drug scene of the affluent neighborhood.jessica walter costars as a woman who wants murray to move in with her since she wants a companion.carl reiner and rita moreno come in towards the end. they play murray's brother and sister-in-law respectively; they're also the parents of tomei. in front of the children, reiner lets loose reminding murray that he has been paying the bills for them all along.the film ends on a sour note as the embarrassed family moves out of their fancy digs and take to riding around beverly hills in their car. i guess the film is promoting independence and some good old self-esteem.

this film is probably the worst film that i have ever seen. i'm studying french at college and thus understood all the dialog, so the language barrier wasn't an issue. i must say it is really hard to empathize with any of the characters depicted in the movie. there is only one professional actor in the cast and i'm guessing no professional directors or writers.although i have rated it 1 out of 10 it probably doesn't merit such a poor rating. this is merely a futile effort of lowering its current overall rating of 7.3 to something more realistic. perhaps 4.3 would be a more accurate rating because the film is a true non-event 100 minutes or so in length that you will never get back.the real shame is that i am sure some college student is busting his nut making a film twice as good and half the length. however if you want to join the bandwagon which seems to be rolling around imdb you might as well go ahead give "lost in translation" a 10 as well.

as others have noted, this should have been an excellent hammer-style film, and it seems to me that that's how most of the actors were instructed to play it... but the screenplay is so leaden, poorly paced, and filled with a lot of dull soliloquies (poor timothy dalton is saddled with most of them) that it's all too overblown and self-important. this is an uncharacteristically weak performance from dalton, although he quietly nails the climactic scene where dr. rock finally realizes what he's done. the only actor who comes off really well is patrick stewart who is a most welcome sight. freddie francis may have been a great cinematographer, but he was a lousy director.

what a terrible film.it starts well, with the title sequence, but that's about as good as it gets.the movie is something about rats turning into monsters and going on a killing spree. the acting isn't so much poor, but the script is pointless and the film isn't even scary despite the atmospheric music.it really is amazing that some group cobbled together this bag of rubbish and thought it would make a good film.it isn't a good film. it's trash, and i urge you not to waste a minute of your life on it! one out of ten.

altered species starts one friday night in los angeles where dr. irwin (guy vieg) & his laboratory assistant walter (allen lee haff) are burning the midnight oil as they continue to try & perfect a revolutionary new drug called 'rejenacyn'. as walter tips the latest failed attempt down the sink the pipes leak the florescent green liquid into the basement where escaped lab rats begin to drink it... five of walter's friends, alicia (leah rown in a very fetching outfit including some cool boots that she gets to stomp on a rat with), gary (richard peterson), burke (derek hofman), frank (david bradley) & chelsea (alexandra townsend) decide that he has been working too hard & needs to get out so they plan to pick him up & party the night away. back at the lab & the cleaner douglas (robert broughton) has been attacked & killed by the now homicidal rats in the basement as walter injects the latest batch of serum in a lab rat which breaks out of it's cage as it grows at an amazing rate. walter's friends turn up but he can't leave while the rat is still missing so everyone helps him look for it. all six become potential rat food...also known as rodentz altered species was co-edited & directed by miles feldman & has very little to recommend it. the script by producer serge rodnunsky is poor & coupled together with the general shoddiness of the production as a whole altered species really is lame. for a start the character's are dumb, annoying & clichéd. then there's the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist, the monster he has created, the isolated location, the stranded human cast & the obligatory final showdown between hero & monster. it's all here somewhere. altered species moves along at a fair pace which is just about the best thing i can say about it & thankfully doesn't last that long. it's basically your average run-of-the-mill killer mutant rat film & not a particularly good one at that either.director feldman films like a tv film & the whole thing is throughly bland & forgettable while some of the special effects & attack scenes leave a lot to be desired. for a start the cgi rats are awful, the attack sequences feature hand-held jerky camera movement & really quick edits to try & hide the fact that all the rats are just passively sitting there. at various points in altered species the rat cages need to shake because of the rats movement but you can clearly see all the rats just sitting there as someone shakes the cages off screen. the giant rat monster at the end looks pretty poor as it's just a guy in a dodgy suit. there are no scares, no tension or atmosphere & since when did basements contain bright neon lighting? there are one or two nice bits of gore here, someone has a nice big messy hole where their face used to be, there's a severed arm & decapitation, lots of rat bites, someone having their eyeball yanked out & a dead mutilated cat.technically altered species is sub standard throughout. it takes place within the confines of one building, has cheap looking cgi effects & low production values. the acting isn't up to much but it isn't too bad & a special mention to leah rowan as alicia as she's a bit of a babe & makes altered species just that little bit nicer & easier to watch...altered species isn't a particularly good film, in fact it's a pretty bad one but i suppose you could do worse. not great but it might be worth a watch if your not too demanding & have nothing else to do.

this film is easily one of the worst ones i have ever seen. and i don't mean that in a good way. we wanted to see a crappy horror/thriller, so we picked the one that seemed to be the lousiest in the store. for once, the film was everything we'd expected. and more! (or should i say less?)the actors look like they are reading their lines from posters behind the camera. the so-called special effects are created by putting red see-through plastic in front of the camera to give the impression that we are seeing through the eyes of the killer rats. and the script? don't even get me started on the script... and just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, it turns out that the first part of the film was oscar-material compared to the ending.take it from me, this film is hilarious if you're into crappy horror-films, but if you want a good film, keep on looking. this is not for you.

well after watching this i can say that it ain't the worst movie ever made,, yes folks there is worse than this,, there are some good points to the movie,, you get to watch drunken teenagers, have horrible deaths,, and cute looking rats eating some science experiment, and getting grotesquely huge,, the drunk janitor,, the cranky doctor,, and yes a girl in thong underwear that has absolutely no shame,, dumb jocks,, i could'nt personally wait for the rat to eat these drunken fools,, i was rooting for the rat the e ntire time,, it had a good premise,, the first part of the movie,, was interesting though with the scientific explantation about the rats,, and the little back story,, but i think that it ruined when the dumb drunken horny teenagers come into play,, the rat in my opinion, the one that get's lost,, her name is brenda, was so fake,, must have been a cgi rat,, looked like a guy dressed up in a beaver suit,, this was pretty schlocky, lame,, but not totally horribble,,

i just saw this movie on flix after timer-taping it. i grew up watching f troop and had a major hard for wrangler jane so i was shocked, literally shocked, to find out after seeing this film that the degenerate homicidal nurse was melody patterson, who looks pretty good but also looks completely different and is unfortunately poorly photographed. i would never have guessed it was her in a million years. what the hell is she doing in a picture like this? i agree with the guys here that the movie lacks what it's pushing. no sex, no gore, no tease. it's also a remake of the atomic brain aka monstrosity (1964 or thereabouts). most of the action is tedious; the main character spends enormous amounts of time running around the crazed doctor's house and basement, and the neighborhood in general, or being roughed up by the cop, all of it boring and time-filling. now if the italians would have made this, half the film would have been the slingblade/uncle ernest/jack elam henchman fondling the unconscious nude girls. but you only get that for 20 seconds.

the film released at the start of 2000 alongwith mela both disasters so sad to start a millennium with such nonsensethe film seems to suit 70's but looks like an unintentional comedy for 2000anywayz some classic gems from the film: paresh rawal i don't understand to laugh at his role or cry reason: he goes searching his mother in the village worst part is when he realises a secret of anil he keeps the secret in his stomach which becomes big and makes him look pregnant i remember in my childhood my teacher told me the same joke urrf!!!! as a child i laughed at it that time but here?the whole film is a joke can't explain we have anil in a dual role(one older and younger) and rekha playing the older's wife and raveena the youngers we also have reject harish while shakti playing the son of aruna irani who both fight on who has the worst wigdirection is outdated music is badanil tries hard looks too old in the younger role and too young in the older role yet good effort rekha is adequate, raveena too is okay harish is bad shakti kapoor is terrible aruna irani is as usual rajnikant is okay in a cameo

t. rama rao made some extremely beautiful films in the 1980s, but he seems to be a filmmaker who cannot mature with the changing times, styles and fashions. he's like stuck with the same old-fashioned film-making style.actors are not bad, not good either. anil kapoor generally acts convincingly his two roles of a father and his son, but the flawed script often makes him look funny and pathetic. rekha is good, but then - she's always good, and here she's nothing more than such. she makes the best of what she is given, but she always does that. in conclusion, nothing great at all. raveena is ok, which means ordinary, not bad, not good, nothing.this film is melodramatic, occasionally stupid. maybe it's a delayed film? well, even then it still would be below standard. the script is terrible, the film is overdone, and the story goes nowhere. it feels like a film made in the early 1990s, but the script makes it look even older, the style is like from the 1950s.don't recommend, unless you're a big fan one of the starring actors.

wwf survivor series 2001this was among the worst events of 2001. perhaps its biggest flaw was the fact that it didn't follow suit to most of the previous survivor series'. there was only one survivor series match. and that survivor series match went on for 45 minutes. what's more, anyone with a working brain would know that it would end with the rock versus austin and the rock prevailing for his team. and don't get me started on the preview before the event. no matter who won it was obvious that no one was going to f***ing die. there was no need for all of that pointless hype. whatever the storyline, it was just a wrestling event.and as for the rest of the matches: the first match was christian defending his european title against al snow. it was a good fast paced match and its good to see a heel winning a match fairly. william regal versus tajiri was boring and we've seen it 2 or 3 times before. edge versus test was good but nothing great. the tag titles steel cage match was the best match of the evening. the battle royal went on for 10 minutes and no one really cared who'd win in the first place. the women's title match wasn't great. no, not in the slightest. the main event must have been the most hypocritical match in history. the alliance lost but guess what, after 5 months every single alliance superstar returned. the match itself was poor. the rock eliminated 3 of them and jericho eliminated 2. the rock was too caught up with his acting to be there when the invasion began. jericho was the one that jeopardised the whole match. if i wanted any 2 to be eliminated in the early going it would be them. everyone knew that kane, big show and undertaker were just fall guys. 7 matches isn't enough for a survivor series. if there's ever a survivor series as bad as this again i'll

this was allocated to the fans as the "winner takes all" match occurred between two separate "companies" (the world wrestling federation and the "alliance": an amalgamation of former wcw and ecw superstars. because the final match to duduce the superior company was a tag-team match, the wrestlers were confined to tossing opponents from each side of the ring to another; each wrestler concludes that in order to debiliate their opponents and to intensify the match, interfernce is necessary. each wrestler merely pummels an opponent with punches, executes a special move, and tags in a partner. the storyline had previously been tarnished by the subterfuge of vince that a member of the allance would be fradulent and join the wwf. it was obvious, with that statement, that the wwf would prevail. overall: very innovative storyline but poor execution, which is not the scarcity of the wrestlers because the match format is tag-team. the remaining matches are just revolting:edge versus test: potent "big boot" by test, but this did not display the true talents of both starsal snow versus christian: good match but superflous to the pay-per-viewtaji versus william regal: the worst match of the nightimmunity battle royal: this was an outstandingly fun match to watch, but because the main stars of both companies were involved in the main event, only a wrestler who characteristically appears on "heat" and is probably a wcw light-heavyweight reject (i.e. the hurricane who is merely hired as an entertainer)hardy boyz versus dudley boyz: the best match of the night: jeff hardy executed a "swanton bomb" from the summit of a cage and through a wooden table and matt was wedged into the cage, which appeared to be extremely painful.because stone cold was the wwf champion, rob van dam was the hardcore champion, and kurt angle was a "mole" in the alliance, all fundamental stars in the main event on the faction of "the alliance" were granted work after the match's outcome, except for booker t., who recently attacked a wrestler on "raw" and will inevitably be given work. shane mcmahon will return to television somehow, and everyone desired to witness the downfall and demise of "the alliance" to see stone cold out of work. the wwf has done much better. a match in which all tiltes were brought to one faction would have been better, and what ever became of casket and iron man matches?

turkish cinema has a big problem. directors aren't interested in global cinema. they are local and folkloric, but want to be international. this brings kitsch results such this movie.film has jokes translated to spanish from turkish and they don't have any meaning for non-turkish audiences. even for turkish audiences after 10 years.players, even ferhan sensoy have a worse acting than average. they act like puppets.movie was shot in cuba, but nothing includes about cuba. so cuba is thought like a banana republic.waste of money, waste of time.

it's difficult to precisely put into words the sheer awfulness of this film. an entirely new vocabulary will have to be invented to describe the complete absence of anything even remotely recognizable as 'humor' or even 'entertainment' in "rabbit test." so, as a small contribution to this future effort, i'd like to suggest this word: "hubiriffic" (adj.) a combination of 'hubristic' and 'terrific'; used to describe overly ambitious debacles like the film "rabbit test."joan rivers and "hollywood squares" producer jay redack have severely over-reached their meager abilities to amuse in this 82-minute festival of wretchedness. trying to put together an airplane! style comedy with a moldy collection of gags, (note to joan: german doctors haven't been funny since vaudeville) disinterred from their graves in the catskills - that's is bad enough. but compounding this cinematic crime is river's directorial style, which can best be described as 'ugly', and a cast of once-and-future has-beens so eager to please they overplay even the weakest of throwaway gags.adrift in this sargasso sea of sap is a hapless billy crystal in his film debut role as the film's hapless protagonist lionel. watching crystal in this pic is much like watching a blind person take a stroll in a minefield; eventually the cringe reflex becomes a semi-permanent condition as cheap joke after cheap joke blows up in his face.i can only speculate about the sort of audience who might actually like rabbit test. cabbages, mollusks and mildly retarded lizards are all likely candidates. but for self-aware, thinking humans - i'd enthusiastically recommend pouring bleach in your eyes before i'd recommend "rabbit test."

this is one of the most hateful and cruel movies i've seen in a long time. sadly i was duped into sticking with it, since donald sutherland's presence misleadingly gave it some credibility. [that's the last time that'll happen.]lesley ann warren's character was annoyingly whiny and as stupid as they come. there were smarter characters than hers who were killed in the film. thats just one of many things in this movie that made me ask, "where is the justice?"why is late-night cable so filled with sadistic garbage filled with pathological mayhem? most of these films seem to have a particular problem with women, and seem to focus on them being terrorized and murdered. this film could have been every bit as suspenseful without being sick and twisted in the process. all it ends up doing is turning the viewer's stomach with its sickness, and insulting the viewer's intelligence.the cast is misleadingly good. my guess is that they bagged sutherland first, and used him to lure the others like lemmings into this.i'm kicking myself for wasting time, giving this piece of garbage a chance.

i won't mention any of the plot, because, although it would be highly predictable anyway, the one notable plot twist is given away everywhere, in the movie comments, in the plot summary here, and even in the synopsis on my netflix envelope. i might have enjoyed it more if i hadn't known that. maybe. this film has a deceptively good cast, most of whom did creditable acting with the rather limited material at hand, including donald sutherland, lesley ann warren, and tia carrere and rosemary dunsmore in smaller parts. it was impossible to like william mcnamara, but that was clearly by design. and there were a couple of quick nude scenes by the callipygian lenore zann. but none of this brings the slightest recommendation from me. don't any of these fine actors actually read these scripts before signing on?

it is not un-common to see u.s. re-makes of foreign movies that fall flat on their face, but here is the flip side!!! this is an awful re-make of the u.s. movie "wide awake" by the british!"wide awake" is strange but entertaining and funny! "liam" on the other hand is just strange. i must give credit to "liam" for one thing, and that is making it clear that i made the right choice in changing my religion!

my first question after seeing this film was, "why is the title liam?" if the intent was to tell a story from the boy's perspective, it was not carried out well. of course there was the formulaic use of camera angles in the boy's scenes, but much of the crucial action took place outside of his field of view. having a "main" character unable to speak (obviously suggesting the mute, powerless position of a child) makes it difficult to give that character much depth.melodrama is defined as: "dramatic or other literary work characterized by the use of stereotyped characters, exaggerated emotions and language, simplistic morality, and conflict" liam fits this definition to a t. the viewer is hit over the head with the typical stereotypes of the fire and brimstone catholic church in the stern school marm and the well-fed priest squeezing money from parishioners. (a stereotype which is becoming very tiresome.) what's more--the jewish characters are money lenders and factory owners!much of the film was predictable...who didn't think that we'd see theresa scrubbing the toilet after her mother had told her "no daughter of mine will scrub another woman's toilet!" i'm a fan of british realism if it's done well. in my opinion, liam is not.

written by the excellent mcgovern and directed by frears this film was a slight disappointment. it seemed too short. it spent far too long creating the hovis atmosphere, and laughing at the catholic demands. then very quickly you have the fascist and socialists vying for the family's attention, and the terrible conclusion.still my wife thought liam was cute.

you do realize that you've been watching the exact same show for eight years, right? i could understand the initial curiosity of seeing strangers co-exist on an island, but you'd think that after watching unkempt, stink-ladened heroes run roughshod through the bush with an egg on a spoon for half a decade would be enough to get you to commit to something a little more original (and interesting).and i'm not even speaking of the shows validity which for the record i find questionable. it's just hard to suspend disbelief for "bushy bill" eating a rat when the entire crew of producers and camera people are housed in an air conditioned make-shift bio-dome sipping frosty mochcinno's with moxy.what's the appeal here? i don't care about these people or their meandering lives. i just don't get it. but if you do find yourself being captivated by hairy, unwashed people, i suggest you turn off your tv and just take a trip to your local bus station where you can see people like this in their true habitat. they call them homeless people, and free of charge, you can sit back and marvel in their uncanny ability to retrieve various cigarette debris from a plethora of garbage canisters, eventually striking "pay-dirt" and fashioning a homemade dr. frankenstein-styled cancer-stick, all the while begging people for change for food when the stink of "aqua velva" on their breath is enough to suggest otherwise. and the best part? much like survivor, every week one member of the tribe "leaves" the "island" when they are unceremoniously sent packing to the local institution when the frightening unmedicated state of full-blown schizophrenia kicks into gear! now that's entertainment!

how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long? it's terrible. it makes me want to shoot someone. it's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. i'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. i remember watching it when it first came out. i thought, hey this could be interesting, then i found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.

the london underground has something inherently creepy about it, with its long winding tunnels, the escalators taking you deeper and deeper underground, and of course the rats roaming the tracks.it a source of wonder that it is not used in horror films more often. it was used in the seventies horror deathline aka raw meat, featuring a cannibalistic tribe living in a disused tunnel, and the celebrated chase sequence in american werewolf in london. so i was pleased to see that someone else had tried to capitalise on the atmosphere of the tube at night with the recent uk production creep.i thought the film started off well, with a highly effective credit sequence that was genuinely unnerving, followed by a scene in the sewers that sets up the premise of there being something evil lurking below the streets of london. however, creep went downhill from here, and i found myself wishing that i'd switched it off after this opening scene, leaving me with a favourable impression of the film. all the characters become unsympathetic and unlikable, even potente herself, and the director felt the need to hit us over the head with social commentary about homelessness. he also made the mistake of showing the "monster" in full lighting, where he ceases to become remotely scary, and reveals his name to be craig. how can you have a monster called craig? it turns into an x files-type thing, and reminds one of the episode tombs. in fact, i was wishing mulder and scully would turn up and sort them all out for me.as for the infamous sexualised violence, it is very graphic, disturbing and totally unnecessary. it seems to be there merely to shock the audience rather than for any intrinsic plot value. the trouble is it is so over the top and horrific that it actually numbs you to the rest of the horror, which is a mistake as it's only halfway through the film.so there you go. the only redeeming feature of the film for me was a rare appearance from ken campbell, one of my favourite occasional actors. you don't see him very often, but when he's on screen he acts everyone else into a corner. casting him as a sewer inspector was a stroke of genius, unfortunately the only one evident in the film.

creep is the story of kate (potente), an intensely unlikeable bourgeois bitch that finds herself somehow sleeping through the noise of the last underground train, and waking up to find herself locked in the tube station. after somehow meeting workmate and would-be rapist guy on a mystery train that runs after the lines have closed, things go awry and she finds herself pursued by what lurks beneath the city's streets. her story is linked to that of george (blackwood), an ex-con working in the sewer system; they meet in the final third of the film, brought together by their attempts to escape the monster that pursues them.the pair proceed through a set of increasingly unlikely locations; from the tube station, they end up in the sewage works before somehow finding themselves in some sort of abandoned underground surgery. most tube stations don't have toilets, so how one has a surgery is beyond me. naturally, the film cares to explain that the surgery doesn't have running water. yet it has electricity? just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday believability that the film tries to create.the monster itself is a problem. there's a complete lack of reasoning for its actions, it just kills people for no obvious reason. and then of course it keeps some alive for no real reason either, perhaps just so that they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so running time. i understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary, but then the film attempts to explain itself via a photo of a doctor and his son, and a few shots of some jars containing babies, and yes, it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds. it also fails to explain how the creature has been underground long enough to lose the ability to speak, communicating only in raptor screams, but not long enough for its pair of shorts to decay. hmm.this doctor business leads to scene that is the film's desperate attempt to implant itself on your memory, and while it is gory and uncomfortable to watch, it just isn't enough. the final third of the film hinges on an emotional relationship that never existed, and the characters break down and recover for little or no obvious reason. george breaks down, unable to cope with something despite stating that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again, and kate becomes emotionally tough seconds after going to pieces over someone that ripped her off for a travelcard. yeah.after starting out as a "this could happen to anyone" movie, it quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic. a complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this one to avoid.

this was an absolutely terrible movie. don't be lured in by christopher walken or michael ironside. both are great actors, but this must simply be their worst role in history. even their great acting could not redeem this movie's ridiculous storyline. this movie is an early nineties us propaganda piece. the most pathetic scenes were those when the columbian rebels were making their cases for revolutions. maria conchita alonso appeared phony, and her pseudo-love affair with walken was nothing but a pathetic emotional plug in a movie that was devoid of any real meaning. i am disappointed that there are movies like this, ruining actor's like christopher walken's good name. i could barely sit through it.

i purchased this film on the cheap in a sale, having read the back of the dvd case and assuming that either way i can't lose, it if was rubbish then no loss, if it was any good then bargain...then i watched it...i am normally a fan of christopher walken, but in this film he commanded very little screen presence, seeming not to do a whole lot, even the death of his friend near the beginning which sparks off the "action" in the plot seems to affect him very little, and his eventual revenge is just boring and undramatic.normally a film which has themes as grand as revolution and revenge are able to capture the audience and snare them into feeling something for the characters, however watching this film felt more like seeing a series of confused, and almost random events that loosely tied together towards it's eventual conclusion...at this point i wept...i thought this film was the most horribly painful piece of viewing i have ever been subjected to, the scene where the pilot sacrifices himself by refusing to jump out the explosive laden truck due to not wanting to kill any civilians is not so much tragically sad as it is unnervingly horrible and painful, although not quite as bad as the emergency surgery on the wounded girl. the acting was poor all round, the script and story was weak, the "action" was even weaker, and the "visuals" were but bluntly not all that visual. to summarise there are films which are good, films that are bad, films that are so bad they are good, films that are terrible...and then on a whole new level is "mcbain"

okay, 'enjoy' is a pretty relative term, but flexibility is in order when you're dealing with a filmmaker of james glickenhaus' calibre.mcbain is truly one of the most ridiculous, over the top action films i've ever seen, without the nasty edge of the exterminator. other reviews have commented on a suspension of disbelief regarding the film's heroic middle aged commandos, but how about making a film in the philippines that is set in colombia? all the extras are filipino. in fact the only character who looks remotely hispanic is good ol' victor argo as the much reviled 'el presidente'! oh yes, we also have maria conchita alonso overemoting like crazy as a rebel leader. there are tons of explosions and bodies flying everywhere in this amusing paean to the glories of american imperialism.

this is not a very good telling of the tarzan epic. there was only one reason for this movie. john derek wanted to show off his beautiful wife in the buff! bo derek in '10' was at least a humorous movie and there was a reason for nudity and sex. this movie is nothing more than soft porn. if you're into that, well, then fast forward to it and skip the rest! this movie (like bolero) was again a vehicle for bo derek to show off her terrible acting. she is undoubtedly a beautiful woman but a poster of her is more exciting than this movie! richard harris was a better actor than this; this was one of his few mistakes! don't waste your time on this movie...go buy the book instead.

muscular man-ape in the jungles of africa is hunted by an opportunistic expedition team; the comely daughter of the team's leader finds him first. much-ballyhooed version of the tarzan tale has an ok production, but is crippled by the single-handedly worst direction of a film i have ever seen. john derek is bereft of inspiration beyond cheesy slow-motion action shots and peek-a-boo glimpses of wife bo derek's unclothed body; he has about as much talent behind the camera as ed wood. trying for tongue-in-cheek sexuality, the dereks lack finesse, snappy timing, and taste. they have a sense of self-parody and bravura abandonment (they do throw caution to the winds), but after a promising opening it all goes to hell. miles o'keeffe (who possibly had marbles in his mouth the entire time) has the title role, but plays third fiddle to john derek's ego and bo derek's sense of self-importance. * from ****

a far as b-movies go, scarecrow is one of those that are so bad, that it becomes incredibly annoying to sit through. a lonely loser high school student who is constantly picked on by classmates and rejected by girls, ends up walking in on his trailer trash mother having sex with a drunk redneck. he then chases the kid out into a nearby cornfield and kills him. apparently, the kids soul was transfered into a scarecrow which then goes around killing the bullies who tormented him as well as teachers. this scarecrow, aside from having a snappy one-liner for each of his victims, can also do matrix-like flips through the air and kill people on sidewalks in broad daylight. also, why did he always look like a rotted corpse? just like the two needless sequels that followed this, this isn't even worth a laugh.

there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap, the boring, and the tasteless. the only really bad movies are boring and tasteless. boring films are just, well, boring - if you don't leave quickly enough, you fall asleep.tasteless films actually have their defenders; but the fact remains that they are masturbatory aids for very sick people.only the cheap bad films are really funny, because the filmmakers wanted to make their films so desperately, they way-over-reached beyond their abilities and available resources.bo derek is just naturally boring and tasteless; fortunately, fate and a lack of funds and skill redeem her by making her seem cheap as well. this film is hilarious and it may well be the last really funny-bad film ever made.i first saw this in a theater, may god forgive me; i was laughing so hard i was rolling off my seat, and so too with most of the rest of the audience.it's clear that derek and her husband-promoter, conceived of this film as, partly, a satire; unfortunately, the dereks clearly lacked any of the necessary resources to pull that off; consequently, the 'satirical' element comes off as some school-girl's impression of some gay young man's impression of frank gorshin's impression of the riddler in batman trying to pretend he's robin - it doesn't fly over our heads, it has no clue where any human head might be.on the other hand, there are some supposedly serious moments in this film - it is supposed to be an action film, remember - that are so astoundingly cheesy, one wonders if someone squirted spoiled milk in one's eye.as for derek's infamous tendency to reveal her breasts - i can't imagine a less erotic nudity photographic display, she is so weird looking with those broad shoulders, i can't imagine what any one ever saw in her.as for the plot - such as it is - well, it isn't; derek chases around africa, and god alone knows why. then her father - harris - pretends to act in some maniacal puppet-show, and then of course there's the hunk'o'tarzan that seems to have wondered in from advertisement without knowing that the subject's changed - probably because he hasn't seen a script - apparently no one has.negligible camera work, shoddy editing - if it weren't for the 3-way with the chimp, the film would be unbearable -as it is, it's a real hoot.

this is a re-imagining of tarzan in the era of the soloflex and apocalypse now. there's nothing inherently wrong with using films eased moral constraints to portray an erotic side to the tarzan legend. there's nothing inherently wrong with the premise that tarzan doesn't speak. there's plenty wrong with suggesting a woman who could get herself to an african jungle in 1910, could be this offensively stupid and plastic. bo has as few lines as possible when bodies are explored because this movie is merely a video-centerfold, as neutral as possible so that you can project yourself and your lecherous fantasies into the project. if it succeeds anywhere it's in the implication that national geographic has influenced the way the imagery of a tarzan movie might be constructed.it would be ridiculous to argue that movies shouldn't employ the sexual tease as one of many tools to draw in viewers. some really great film moments incorporate it. but this move is at the opposite end of the spectrum - the tease is the only thing going on here; at the time of its release and now. you sit through awful, dumb scenes that offer no interest, and miles of footage of bad acting to drool over the next peek at either of two bodies. yes... bo derek and miles o'keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on having a working libido.) but if that's your excuse for giving this schlock a good rating you really should visit a porn store and stock up. there's only a hairs-breadth difference between the two formats and (i'm just guessing here) a horny viewer would probably really enjoy the latter. the question is whether a mainstream movie is the best venue in the marketplace for viewers to seek out products that satisfy lust alone.as a showman, john derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystique developed over wife bo in the movie "10"; and created a media event out of a shallow project whose only merit was the hotness of the two leads. the movie itself was beside the point. he was about 20 years ahead of his time in thinking audiences would applaud him for making an insipid, shallow movie that was only about showcasing superficiality.as a director, john derek appears to require only that mrs. derek look pleasant, empty and hump-able in every scene. it's hideously shot. the camera placement is annoying. in terms of editing, the entire 'wipe' catalog is exhausted. the credit sequence is garish. and it's a toss-up as to who commits the worse screen offense; bo derek who's such a bimbo that she can't even figure out how to play a bimbo, or richard harris who shouts every line (as he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. at least with bo you can imagine her blaming some horny writer for shortchanging her.

surely one of the most ill-advised remakes of a classic in film history – especially since the promise of its tag-line, “the most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time”, isn’t even properly exploited! although this film was regularly shown on tv in my neck of the woods since my childhood days, its notoriety (for awfulness not erotic content, mind you) kept me away from it until now – and i only relented because i have recently enjoyed bo derek’s previous film, 10 (1979), and have been watching a lot of fantasy stuff as well over the christmas period.lead actress/producer bo derek is rather ridiculous playing the schoolgirl-ish sexual innocent (witness the inept banana scene) and, as was to be expected, she is made to get her clothes off a few times but, as welcome as these scenes were, she came off as far more sensual in 10 than she does here; richard harris, then, chews the scenery incessantly as jane’s obsessed explorer father, but john philip law barely registers as his aide who meekly shows some initial interest in jane herself; newcomer miles o’keeffe has the title role and he only makes his entrance 45 minutes into the movie, is completely silent throughout except for his famous yodel (which is probably lifted from johnny weissmuller anyway!) and, furthermore, is as inexpressive as one of the trees he dangles from at regular intervals throughout the film’s second half!; for the record, he later starred in two ator movies (or would-be conan imitators) for joe d’amato and the king arthur-era set, sword of the valiant (1984).when still an actor, director john derek (who also serves as his own cinematographer here) had worked with some good film-makers (cecil b. de mille, william dieterle and robert rossen) and a few great ones (otto preminger, nicholas ray and don siegel) but he clearly learned zilch from them as his direction of this one is a major liability: appallingly pretentious at times (witness the perfectly horrid python attack sequence) with a senseless overuse of the slow motion technique and cheesy transitions; this was derek’s seventh film as a director (and his second of four with wife bo) and, eventually, he would only get to make two more.the film’s utter failure only needs to be gauged by the fact that the tarzan legend was tackled once more on film – in greystoke: the legend of tarzan, lord of the apes (which, surprisingly enough, i haven’t watched myself yet) – a mere three years later!! nominated for six razzie awards (including john derek, richard harris and miles o’keeffe) and winning one for bo derek herself, tarzan, the ape man was co-written by gary goddard, the future director of another highly anticipated but ultimately disappointing transposition to the silver screen of a (this time animated) heroic figure, master of the universe (1987) which i will be revisiting presently as well (yay)! despite a charming closing credit sequence showing tarzan and jane playing with around with an orang-utan and a music score that is not half bad actually and quite rousing on occasion, any belated good intentions are defeated by an extremely silly climax involving natives painting bo completely white and, fatally, john derek’s clear disinterest in the character of tarzan himself which makes him come off as an unimportant supporting character in his own self-titled movie!!

when i was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time, i thought it was one of the best movies ever made. of course, the reason for that is bo derek and her various states of undress in this film. however, now that i'm older, i can honestly say that this film is awful. mind you, bo derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful, and she and husband-director john derek make sure you see plenty of her. but when you take that aspect out of the film, it becomes one big dull ride. and tarzan, well, he's all muscular like you think he should be, but when he sees jane (that's bo, of course) for the first time, he doesn't know what to think. this despite the fact that bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt, with her breast prominently displayed. tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. if you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body, then this might fill the ticket. if you are looking for a thoughtful, entertaining and worth-while film, go elsewhere...almost anywhere else at that!!!

it is a great tragedy that both richard harris and john derek are no longer with us. but that shouldn't blind anybody to the fact that in 1981, a pretty ugly blotch appears on both men's cvs. no doubt john derek conceived this movie doing for his wife what 'some like it hot' and 'one million years bc' did for maryln monroe and raquel welsh respectively, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. having run to embrace dudley moore on the beach in '10' bo's reputation, an all-star cast and location filming in sri lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. alas, as they say, mortals plan and god laughs. it is said that when this film premiered in 1981, the edgar rice burrows estate tried to take legal action against it. bo derek plays jane parker who sets off into turn-of-the century africa to be reunited with her boozy, abusive dad, richard harris. daddy parker is an explorer who has set out to find 'the great inland sea' the stuff of local legend, whose existence has been poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. harris is worth watching for a wonderfully hammy, tanked -up performance which includes singing an irish ditty at an indian elephant that somehow found its way into africa (did it arrive at the same time as the orang-utan from sumatra???) furthermore, although jane professes to despise parker, bo and rich's relationship is creepily incestuous, testimony perhaps to the effects of the tropical heat. before long, however, local legends start to circulate about a 'great white ape' and jane hears the famous yodel. this is the movie's cue for miles o'keefe, a future b-movie star, making a rather odd debut as the loin-clothed lord of the jungle. unlike johnny weismuller with his pidgin english or ron ely who speaks the language fluently, the o'keefe tarzan is mute. given some of bo and richie's dialog, though, this is probably not a bad thing. harris and his caravan eventually reaches the great inland sea, located atop a gigantic plateau that seems to run halfway across africa....hang on, aren't seas, lakes and other watery places generally located in low-lying areas?? nevermind, it is just one of many anomalies in the john derek universe. the crew attempt to mount the cliffs and when the ropes snap, harris roars echoing abuse at the hapless men who have plummeted to their deaths. on another occasion, jane decides to take a nude swim by the inland sea, giving another occasion to see some gratuitous nudity. out of nowhere a single male lion appears. now lions usually travel in prides and never go near beaches but later on, tarzan will be wrestling with a (venomous) boa constrictor. zoology doesn't seem to have been one of john derek's strong points..... this being a tarzan movie, jane becomes enchanted with the lord of the jungle and resolves to take his virginity. but having seen his closeness to some of those chimps, you do have to wonder...speaking of which, it's not only the edgar rice burroughs estate could have sued. it is highly probable that certain primates were on the phone to their lawyers: the chimps here make you miss cheeta badly. especially when they do ridiculous things like ride on the backs of elephants and clap their hands when tarzan and jane finally get it on! the climax of this film has bo and harris captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice/eat/execute her. suffice is to say that the great wooden ape gets his girl and *spoiler* harris gets himself impaled on a huge elephant tusk! this doesn't stop the dying parker from delivering a rambling monologue to jane. as far as i am aware, the law suit from the rice burrows estate never materialized but 'tarzan the ape man' was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) a pity. john derek could have directed 'tarzan the ape man 2' with bo derek and miles o'keefe living in domestic bliss and dudley moore as 'boy.'

this is the best film the derek couple has ever made and if you think this is a recommendation then you haven't seen any of the others. there are the usual ingredients: it is just as poorly acted as their other efforts, we can watch bo disrobing or auditioning for wet t-shirt contests quite frequently, the story is just laughably idiotic, and the film takes itself much too seriously. and then: orang utans in africa?but it has a few things going for it. bo looks great, the production values (sets, costumes, etc.) are quite good, and this greatly enhances its camp value. in a strange way it is actually quite funny, simply because it tries to be serious and fails so badly.

for that matter one of the worst films ever made. plot goes as follows. slog through jungle looking areas for 10 minutes or so. have bo go somewhere and strip. slog through the jungle some more. give bo another excuse to strip. back to the jungle. oh look! there's a tarzan looking guy! strip, bo - strip. kill the safari people. tarzan looking guy has a fight scene. saves bo. bo strips. run credits. run credits, run.

as i am from hungary i have heard many people saying better and better things about üvegtigris so far, but actually i don't understand the reason of all the fuss.i liked many points of the movie, some of the quotes really cheered me up, but the stereotyped characters are present again, like in every hungarian film, and the story is also pretty dull. i liked the first half, but then i started to get bored, and then i found the whole film just boring.rudolf péter is good as always, reviczky is brilliant also, but the others are just there... doing nothing.how many years still have to pass for a good hungarian film???

this movie was boring! yes, there are a few funny moments and jokes, but you cannot base a whole movie on that! the characters are too stereotyped, there is no real story - but short episodes with freaky side-characters, who are not freaky enough to make the plot genuine.shame, because most of the actors are acknowledged in hungary, a mystery why they took the roles. this is *not* a new hope for the hungarian film. it was boring, though it was meant to be genuine or unique. they could have tried much more harder than this... 2 out of 10

judging from this film and the strong man, made the same year, i would not place harry langdon at the top of the list of great silent screen comedians. there simply is not enough there. perhaps he was on his way to developing his style but sabotaged himself by taking his first big successes too seriously. in any event, all of his tricks are reminiscent of the greater funny men, but he lacks the acrobatic skills of keaton and the prodigious ingenuity of lloyd. he also undermines his own persona by dressing and walking like chaplin's tramp character. his trademarks are childlike innocence, timidity of approach and a tendency to under-react to calamity by looking perplexed, batting his eyes or touching his pursed lips with the tip of his forefinger. the comedy in langdon's films results from fate throwing various obstacles in his path which he tries to overcome in wimpy or naïve ways or with a minimum of physicality, such as throwing rocks at an approaching tornado to drive it away, propping up a collapsing building with a two-by-four or dodging boulders by lifting a leg so that they roll under him. in this story, about the son of a shoemaker who joins a cross-country walking race to publicize a rival company's footwear, he manages to win by sheer luck. there is nothing here that hasn't been done far better by the big three.

wow, what can i say about this film? it's a lousy piece of crap. i'm surprised that it got rated as high as it did. what's wrong with this film? here's a better question: what's not wrong with this film.the story itself is just crap and cliché. here's pretty much what it's about...some kinda nerdy kid with no friends gets picked on, gets killed, and comes back as a scarecrow for revenge. "all" of that is packed into 86 minutes of worthless film. if you haven't seen this movie don't waste your time watching it. also, the second one isn't much better, so don't bother watching that either...i rated this movie a three because i liked the scarecrow's outfit, not because there was anything good about the movie. i think you get the picture.

during the early 1980's, kurt thomas was something of a hero in the united states. inevitably, men in his position get offered film roles that exist solely to capitalize on that. i have no idea what thomas was paid to make this film, but i would have to be paid a big heap of money to agree to make a national fool of myself in a motion picture. the film is obviously derived from "enter the dragon," as are most martial arts pictures. only instead of a real martial art, they concoct an absurd new martial art, accurately described by one critic as "a cross between kung fu and break dancing." a gymnast (thomas, of course) is hired to rescue some lady from an impenetrable fortress, yet every room has a prop that is exactly what thomas needs to kick the assistant baddies. of course, he fights his way to the lead villain, and of course they have a fancy-dancy fight, with an ending that will surprise only those who have never seen a marshal arts film. there are touches which nostalgic types will like, particularly the mullet haircuts of thomas and many of the male co-stars have. but the only reason to watch this film is if you have a grudge against kurt thomas, who now wishes he had never set foot on the film set.

kurt thomas in one of the series of gymnast olympic stars turned movie stars movies that mercifully only includes one other..mitch gaylord in american anthem...at least that one had janet jones..this one has...um... a gymnast using his martial arts and his gymnastic skills to save a european country from dictatorship..sure it could happen.. on a scale of one to ten.. a 0

as a kid, my friends and i all believed that gymkata was the most violent, bloody movie ever made. i'm not sure who started that rumor. it was probably born out of the frustration of 10 year olds who weren't allowed to see it for one reason or other. years after gymkata was released, it became a perennial late night cable movie, and as a result, i've been able to make up for lost time. i must have seen scenes from this dreadful excuse for a film over a dozen times, and i can always spot it from 1-2 seconds of screen time. however, aside from the forced coupling of gymnastics and martial arts, the bad dubbing, the stiff dialog, and the outrageously difficult story-line, the film has some things going for it. with all that's bad about the movie visually, the sound is actually pretty entertaining. never before has a punch or kick landed with so little force and so much volume! the canned kung-fu sounds are cheeky, but the slowed and pitched-down music, and the nearly 5 minute slow motion scene are truly weird. the chase through the city of demented, blood-thirsty villagers isn't really tense as much as it is irritating, and there are enough bad wigs and extras who all but look into the camera and wave to make this train-wreck a little fun. could it be headed for cult-classic status? where is mst3k when we need it?

kurt thomas stars as jonathan cabot some kind of a gymnast who trains for a special game which involves being hunted by a group of ninjas, but those ninjas won't stand a chance, especially since cabot is a gymnast! taken as a whole gymkata is one helluva bad movie, the atrocious acting, the god-awful script and really incompetent directing make the quality below human standards, however this movie is so terrible it becomes really, really funny. i mean with dialog such as "i know i'll outsleep them!" or "ha!, your through!" only add to the mock value that gymkata more then obtains. besides it's (wisely) the only movie that has are hero a gymnast who finds things to swing on in the heat of the moment.

i'm watching this on the sci-fi channel right now. it's so horrible i can't stop watching it! i'm a videographer and this movie makes me sad. i feel bad for anyone associated with this movie. some of the camera work is good. most is very questionable. there are a few decent actors in the flick. too bad they're surrounded by what must have been the director's relatives. that's the only way they could have been qualified to be in a movie! music was a little better than the acting. if you get around to watching this i hope it's because there was absolutely no other option! the sequel (yes sequel) is coming on now....i think i'll skip it! jason

i've gotta say, i usually like horror movies that i've never seen... however, this one was just to pathetic for my gory taste. i'm used to the gory, gut wrenching types... but this particular movie was lame. the acting was horrible (yet the corny (no pun intended) one-liners were cute). and the sequel to it, scarecrow slayer was even worse! yes, probably, when it first came out, there was a huge rave about it and people liked it. but when movies like the ring and the exorcist of emily rose come out, movies like these make movies like scarecrow seem childish. if you want a movie to just pass the time, pick this one! the special effects are cheesy as heck. but seeing that it was a low budget movie, i can kind of see where that would come in. this will kind of remind you of the movie "children of the corn." independent movies rock.... most of the time. so if you want to see a scarecrow killing people with corncobs, or in the sequel, 2 scarecrows going at it, then these movies would be for you.

let's face it; some lame kid who dies and has his soul transfered into a scarecrow. das no gonna happen neva! omfg this stupid loser kid who can't stand up for himself gets his ass handed to him by some drunk bastard screwing his mom. right as he dies, he looks up at the scarecrow and he let's his spirit go into the scarecrow. the drunk guy covered up his death by making it seem suicidal and thought he had gotten away with it. we later see he is tossed out of the trailer and later earns another encounter with the scarecrow. they had a brief encounter which includes the drunk calling him a loser and the scarecrow rebounding with "takes one to know one, loser!" the scarecrow flips off the building, calls him "daddy-o", and then beheads the poor man. we can see how this awesome movie unfolds from that. he goes on to kill many people, afterward. he mainly kills the people who gave him a hard time in rl and goes off to kill some random ass people, just for some laughs. no laughing here. he adds a punchline to every kill, too. every time he killed someone, he would do some karate flips and finish it all off with one of his signature punchlines. in the case of someone who was hard of hearing, he would say "here, have an ear of corn!" then shove it up their ass. or we can actually take an example from the movie! he just got done killing a cop and was on his way to killing the only person who ever stood up for him. her father, the sheriff, yelled to the madman to stop, and he said "hey, stay awhile!" and threw a dagger threw his chest and stuck him onto some tree. in the end of the movie, he killed two guys and threw in the punchline "gotta split!" and killed two guys by shoving a scythe into their heads. wowzors, this movie made me want to cream my pants so bad. maybe next time this guy makes a movie, it won't be gay.

first off, let me start with a quote a friend of mine said while watching this movie: "this entire movie had to have been a dare. you know, like, 'dude, i bet you couldn't make the worst movie ever'". with this movie, they've made a good effort at achieving that title. the effects are, of course, poor. the plot/dialogue is like a collage of of bits stolen from every b horror movie ever made. the actors, i'm assuming, are supposed to be in college. yet parts of it (especially at the beginning) make it seem like they're supposed to be in high or middle school. it makes no sense. the scarecrow going around killing people isn't the least bit enjoyable. (spoiler: at the end, when they chant lester's name and he reappears, the black guy and scarecrow are both laughing, probably out of relief they were on their last scene, and at the cheesy dialogue.)

perhaps one of the worst teenage slasher films i ever did see. i'll start with the bad points of t he movie, which pretty much covers the entire film. first of all, something no one can avoid: terrible acting. i swear they picked up some random kids off the street based on how they looked. secondly, bad/unconvincing character work/development. you hardly even know half the kids who are killed in here. all you figure is that they deserved it one way or another. the scarecrow's character was overdone, and a cheap rip-off of the other great fantasy killers such as freddy or pinhead. next: bad dialog: the scarecrow was full of horrid one-liners that would make you laugh, only because it was so terrible. lines like "let's go find some small animals to torture!" really just leaves you with an eyebrow raised. last but not least: next off: bad casting. how old was the guy who played lester? like 30? the back of his head was balding for god's sake. there is much more i could say about this film, like it's cheap special effects, it's "high school film class" effort, but the point is understood. it's just bad film making at it's worst. as for what i found to be "good" in the movie: -entertaining for those with low, low, low standards -would help put insomniacs to sleep. -a very cheap laugh, or even a giggle.

wow is all i can say if your reading this is either watched it or are thinking about it. trust me watch it!i laughed so hard at so many parts of this movie the worst acting ever made is very funny! i cant believe they superimposed the school sign! i must have played that scene over and over again just to laugh more and more every time. if a movie like this can be made it gives us all hope in making our own movies. even the costume was bad. it looked like my 7 year old cousin could have done a better job on making it. heck i bet he could have written and acted better as well. all i know is that i have to watch the second part just so i can see if it was as bad as the first. its a cool idea about a killer scarecrow but a much better job could have been done. hopefully another killer scarecrow movie comes out, just not like this one.

i saw this not too long ago, and i must say: this movie is terrible. i watch crappy movies for fun. scarecreow is not fun. scarecrow is stupid. you have an incredibly corny villain that enjoys screaming awful puns as he kills his victims(actually worse than the one contained in this sentence). he has his hard luck story that he uses to justify his killings. "everyone picks on me. the only girl that thinks i'm not trailer-trash likes one of the guys that pick on me. i want to kill everybody. wah." ok, i'm exaggerating. but the premise to this movie alone is enough to put it near the bottom of the list of crappy movies.adding to what i just said, the kid's mom is promiscuous, he walks in on his mother and her current boyfriend getting it on, mom's boyfriend tells him to leave, kid refuses, insisting that he isn't going to leave his own house. boyfriend chases kid into corn field. he kills kid right in front of mom, mom screams in terror, boyfriend is like, "omg! i didn't mean to!" then he tells mom not to say anything to the police about it. kid was killed under a scarecrow, though. so, like any kid who gets murdered under a scarecrow, he comes back as a killer scarecrow with a vengeance. his victims "haven't been stalked like this before..." (scarecrow's official tag line)to make matters worse, this movie was filmed in a whopping 8 days. that's right, 8 days. i was going to give this movie a 2, because in spite of itself, it has one or two redeeming moments. (they're spoilers, so i won't spoil it for you, if you actually want to see this crap.) i could have somewhat forgiven the bad acting, the horrible special effects, the abysmal script, and the bad camera work, but i simply have no respect for lack of effort on that level.this movie isn't nearly as good as i'm making it out to be. if you want to see an example of how not to make a movie, or if you enjoy watching bad movies, like i do, then watch this at your own risk. everyone else should stay a safe distance away from this movie at all times.

holy @#%& this movie was still warm and juicy from the pile it was made with. i tried to watch this pile of festering waste but found it easier to slash my wrists and slug back a shooter of lysol floor cleaner than endure more than half of the crap that was on my screen. i rank this well below anything i have ever watched on film or tv, and thats saying something. i once witnessed a cow crap in a field. i watched the steaming pile for a hour and a half, who knows... it might have moved or something. well that was time better spent than watching this tripe. the acting was non-existent, the plot was somewhere other than on this film. i think i saw a cut seen early on where the plot managed to escape and was riding off in the background on the back of a old pickup truck heading to portland in hopes of becoming a steven king shi77er. please tell me director is getting medication he so desperately needs. it's pretty clear he needs heavy medication and i'd willing to front the money needed for his lobotomy reversal. bah... i can't give this review the full punch it needs because nothing this painful can ever be done justice in typed word alone. let me just say that if your looking for a flick to pass some time and you see this chilton on the rack, walk to your car, start the engine, then shove both of your fists straight into the fan until it you can't feel your bones vibrate anymore. be sure to have your wallet in hand also because you were going to waste the cash anyway. you might as well have the privilege of wasting it yourself.by the way, i watched this after a "buddy" of mine sent his girlfriend over so i could see it. he dint come over, she had too. whats worse is that she had to watch this $%&@ thing twice! i heard their married now and he gets to visit his balls once a month. i hope it was because of this film.

this movie is so aggrivating. the main character looks like he's 35 and i've seen scrawny beanpoles with more balls than this guy. the plot twists are so predictable its not even worth watching for the humor factor.also some of the worst dialogue i've heard in 3 years, "lets go find a small animal to torture".ugh.....i can't even continue, don't watch this pile of garbage, it was made in 8 days.the one highlight is the drunk dude calling the main character a faggot for drawing pictures.2 out of 10, unwatchable

scarecrow is set in the small american town of emerald grove where high school student lester dwervick (tim young) is considered the local nerdy geek by teachers & fellow students alike. the poor kid suffers daily humiliation, bullying, teasing & general esteem destroying abuse at the hands of his peers. unfortunately he doesn't find much support at home since his mom is a slut & after lester annoys one of her blokes he chases him into a corn field & strangles the poor kid. however something magical happens (no, the film doesn't suddenly become good), lester's spirit gets transfered into the corn fields scarecrow which he then uses as a body to gain revenge on those who tormented him & made his life hell...co-written, co-produced & directed by emmanuel itier who according to the imdb credit list also has a role in the film as someone called mr. duforq although i don't remember any character of this name, i suppose anyone who ends up looking at the imdb pages for scarecrow will probably already be aware of it's terrible reputation & i have to say it pretty much well deserved since it's terrible. the script by itier, bill cunningham & jason white uses the often told story of one of life's losers who gets picked upon & tormented for no good reason getting their revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward teen slasher flick. we've seen it all before, we've seen killer scarecrows before, we've seen faceless teens being killed off one-by-one before, we've seen one of life's losers get his revenge before, we've seen wise cracking villains who make jokes as they kill before & we've seen incompetent small town sheriff's make matters even worse before. the only real question to answer about scarecrow is whether it's any fun to watch on a dumb teen slasher type level? the answer is a resounding no to be honest. the film has terrible character's, awful dialogue, an inconsistent & predictable story, it has some cheesy one-liners like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel he ask's 'can you dig it?' & the so-called twist ending which is geared towards leaving things open for a sequel is just lame. the film moves along at a reasonable pace but it isn't that exciting & the kills are forgettable. you know i'm still trying to work out how someone can be stabbed & killed with a stick of corn...director itier doesn't do a particularly good job here, the kill scenes are poorly handled with no build up whatsoever which means there's never any tension as within two seconds of a character being introduced they are killed off. also i'm not happy with the killer scarecrow dude doing all these back-flips & somersaults through the air in scenes which feel like they belong in the matrix (1999) or some japanese kung-fu flick! to give it some credit the actual scarecrow mask looks really good & he looks pretty cool but he is given little to do except spout bad one-liners & twirl around a bit. don't you think that being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of a corn filed all day would have been boring? i know he's a killer scarecrow but i still say he would have been bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all day! there's no nudity & the gore isn't anything to write home about, there's a decapitation, someones face is burnt, someone is killed with a stick of corn, someone gets a shovel stuck in their throat, some sickles are stuck in people's heads, someone has their heart ripped out & someone has a metal thing stuck through the back of their head which comes out of their mouth.with a supposed budget of about $250,000 this was apparently shot in 8 days, well at least they didn't waste any time on unimportant things like story & character development. technically this is pretty much point, shoot & hope for the best stuff. if you look at the guy on the floor who has just had his heart ripped out you can clearly see him still breathing... the acting sucks, the guy who played lester's mum's bloke is wearing the most stupid looking wig & fake moustache ever because he played two roles in the film & the makers needed to disguise him but they just ended up making him look ridiculous & don't get me started on his accent...scarecrow has a few fun moments & the actual scarecrow himself is a nice creation with good special make-up effects but as a whole the film is poorly made, badly acted, silly, too predictable & very cheesy. if you want to see a great killer scarecrow flick then check out scarecrows (1988). not to be confused with the gene hackman & al pacino film scarecrow (1973) or the upcoming horror flick scarecrow (2008) which is currently in production. scarecrow proved popular enough on home video to spawn two more straight to video sequels, scarecrow slayer (2003) & scarecrow gone wild (2004).

the director states in the behind-the-scenes feature that he loves horror movies. he loves them so much that he dedicated the movie to dario argento, as well as other notable directors such as george a. romero and tobe hooper. basically dedicating this movie to those great directors is like giving your mother a piece of sh*t for mother's day. the first thing they did wrong was the casting. cast people that can act. also, don't cast a person that is 40 years old for the role of a misunderstood, 18 year old recluse. that's right, he's been in high school for 22 years. the reactions made by people as they watch their boyfriends get their hearts ripped out is amusing. or like one part when a guy gets stabbed in the ear with an ear of corn (haha get it), and his girlfriend just goes, "oh..my.. god?" the scarecrow himself is quite a character. doing flips off cars and calling people losers.the movie does have one redeeming factor... oh wait, no it doesn't.if you absolutely must see this movie, than just watch the rock and roll trailer on the dvd. it covers about everything and has a really gnarly song dude.

with all the excessive violence in this film, it could've been nc-17. but the gore could've been pg-13 and there were quite a lot of swears when the mum had the original jackass bad-hairdewed boy friend. there was a lot of character development which made the film better to watch, then after the kid came back to life as the scarecrow, there was a mindless hour and ten minutes of him killing people. the violence was overly excessive and i think the bodycount was higher than twelve which is a large number for movies like this. almost every character in the film is stabbed or gets their head chopped off, but the teacher who called him "white trash" and "hoodlum" (though the character lester is anything but a hoodlum, not even close, i know hoods and am part hood, they don't draw in class, they sit there and throw stuff at the teacher). the teacher deserved a more gruesome death than anyone of the characters, but was just stabbed in the back. there were two suspenseful scenes in the film, but didn't last long enough to be scary at all. as i said, the killings were excessive and sometimes people who have nothing to do with the story line get their heads chopped off. if the gore was actually fun to see, then it would've been nc-17. two kids describe a body they find in the cornfields, they describe it as a lot gorier than it actually was, they explained to the cop that there were maggots crawling around in the guys intestines. his stomach had not even been cut open so there was no way maggots were in his stomach, though i would've liked to see that. the acting was pathetic, characters were losers, and the scarecrow could do a lot of gymnastix stunts. i suggest renting this movie for the death scenes, i wont see it again anytime soon, but i enjoyed the excessive violence. also, don't bother with the sequel, i watched five minutes of it and was bored to death, it sounds good but isn't. the original scarecrow actually kept me interested.

spirit of a murdered high school geek animates a scarecrow which then takes revenge on everyone.this movie really annoyed me. it has a great looking monster, has some good low budget effects, some atmosphere but manages to short circuit the good stuff with bad. half way in i started to fast forward and then step through the chapters on the dvd.the problems with this movie are many. first off the cast looks about thirty and yet they are suppose to be in high school. you don't believe anything from the get go as a result. the scarecrow, while looking great isn't much beyond that. he says stupid one liners and moves in a manner more designed to be funny then scary. is this a comedy or a horror movie? its a problem that goes beyond the one liners to much of the dialog and set up. it seems more send up of every cliché than heartfelt horror film. i some how expect that the film was made for a very narrow audience in mind, horror fans who want to mock the genre rather than embrace it.despite the good looking monster this is a film to avoid. even if you pick it up in the bargain bin for under five bucks, you're paying too much.avoid.

oh dear lord. this movie... it was horrible. i am a huge fan of horror movies. and most of the time, horror movies other people say are bad, i like. the actor who played 'scarecrow' was amazing, i will say that. but this plot was awful. it made no sense! it had way too much gore, and an unnecessary (and revolting) sex scene at the beginning. i do believe the director was trying to be 'shocking' or whatnot, but it just came out awful. to add to the pile of festering crap they called a plot, the actors (besides 'scarecrow') we're awful, and i cared so little about them that i soon forgot who was who. in conclusion, this movie made me sick. if you can avoid watching this movie in anyway, please do.

this movie had the potential to be a decent horror movie. the main character was decently done and i felt sorry for him and there was a decent amount of backstory. however, everything else sucks. the director, emmanuel, is quite incompetent at film-making. he uses some of the most idiotic shots ever.- a couple of random sequences of random images dispersed throughout the film. i don't know if he tried to be deep and intelligent and poetic but he wasn't. it was stupid. random shots of the trailer the main character lived in, random buildings, random pan shots of buildings, random cat which walks away. wtf? and clouds. lots of gloomy dark clouds.- he really liked this technique of having a scene cut up into different shots rather than being just one continuous shot. ex: guy is trying to light his weed and the camera circles around him. instead of just one shot, he edits it into like 10 different shots so its really edgy! and hip! and smart! stupid.the acting is horrible but it's what makes the movie so funny. and the scarecrow is a gymnast cause he flips and spins and twirls all the time. and some of the deaths could have been better. you expect the main bully to have a long well built up death but nope. a simple corncob in the ear . the love interest was hot. voluptuous. which is why this movie gets a 2.

i desperately want to give this movie a 10...i really do. some movies, especially horror movies are so budget that they are good. a wise-cracking ninja scarecrow who can implement corn cobs as lethal weaponry...definitely fits this 'budget to brilliance' system. the depth of the movie is definitely its strong point and the twists and turns it implements, keeping the audience at the edge of their seats really drives the creepy...ninja... puberty-stricken... pre-thirty year old student...non-cowboy drawing...wise-cracking...son-of-a-bitch scarecrow into the limelight as the creepiest horror icon of the year. all i can really say is, 'can you dig it' and recommend watching movies such as frankenfish if you enjoy this sort of hilarious horror.(what the hell were they smoking!?'

recap: ron is about to marry mel. they are deeply and love and certain they are perfect for each other even though they met just a few months ago. todd, ron's brother in law to be is not so happy. he is afraid the marriage is a threat to his cushy job in the family business and decides to arrange ron's bachelor party. but his real plan is to put ron in a compromising situation, get evidence and break ron and mel up.comments: supposed to be a sequel to a comedy classic but it isn't funny at all. it is mostly a pubertal show and a juvenile excuse to show scantily clad women. actually, in a way, it is almost impressive have many you can put in there, because they are everywhere. unfortunately that is also one of the signs of a movie that can't support itself. it simply isn't good enough.it has three redeeming points though, or actually three actors that is worth a better script than this. it is lead actor josh cooke who actually manages to give an impression of some common sense. sara foster i know has more talent than to do movies like this, and emanuelle vaugier seem to have a lot more talent than this movie.what is suspiciously absent are good jokes. actually, bad jokes are rather scarce too. it just isn't funny.3/10

now i recently had the viewing pleasure to watch the hilarious comedy bachelor party, one of my new favorite comedies, laughed until it just hurt type of movies. so i naturally wanted to see the sequel, hoping it would have the same laughs, but instead bachelor party 2: the last temptation is made by the american pie generation where it's tasteless and defeats the hole purpose of the first film. yeah, the first film has nudity, but it doesn't show in every single scene. also the plot is exactly the same from the first, it's not always a complaint with me, but this could have been a little more original. the only thing is that i'm glad that at least no old actors from the original appear in this movie, because it would have been cheesy or really silly looking.ron and melinda are engaged, after only 2 months of dating, everyone is against it. melinda has a rich family, but they're pretty happy with ron, and melinda's brother, todd is scared that ron will take his job. so they go out on a weekend to miami for a bachelor party and todd is going to make sure that he'll trap ron into a picture that will make melinda change her mind about the marriage.bachelor party 2: the last temptation has a couple laughs here and there, but over all fails to deliver what the first film accomplished. these guys, ron's friends, were more obnoxious than likable, except for seth, he was kinda funny. the only likable characters other than seth is ron and melinda, everyone else just more or less gets on your nerves. you wanna watch this film? just watch girls gone wild, it's the same thing only it doesn't try to pretend that it's a film. stick to the original bachelor party, that's the movie that's going to get you in tears of laughter.3/10

i wonder how much this movie actually has got to do with the 1984 movie "bachelor party", starring tom hanks. is this movie even an official sequel? this movie is lacking in every department and you're obviously better off not watching it.for a comedy this movie simply isn't good or funny enough. it relies mostly on the character's their stereotypical assessments, rather then the movie actually features some good, original and funny moments.of course there also is very little story present and the movie nude breast than script pages. you just keep waiting for things to finally start off. there is a main plot line in it somewhere but that one is so terribly unoriginal and gets executed so poorly in the movie that it feels more as if it's something non-existent. i guess there even is a message and moral story in it somewhere but this again is so terribly unoriginal and poorly done in the movie that it simply does not work out.it's basically a typical teenage comedy, with lots of sex jokes and nudity, only without the teenage main characters, which makes the story all the more sad and tasteless. the movie makes some really wrong jokes, that are misplaced for any type of movie.i regret ever watching this.3/10

i had the pleasure of viewing this movie early and i have to say i thought that it was going to be boring and wondered how could they ever improve upon the 1984 version of bachelor party starring tom hanks, which i thought was pretty good...i was right...in all honesty i thought it could have been better...sure there were some funny moments but it just didn't seem to hit the mark with me...the acting was ok and the storyline pretty well follows the original but i think it could have been so much better...this movie i'd say is for teens and the young of heart; full of female bodies, alcohol and sex...it's just another typical run of the mill party movie that has been done over and over again. 4/10 is my vote for this one.

a couple of days after writing about how garbage like mad cows and this filthy earth receive money while ange , duncan and theo are totally ignored i had to sit through yet another british movie * that had me scratching my head as to why it received a single penny . some people may claim that because dead babies is based upon a highly regarded novel it has an in built market but both this filthy earth and mad cows were also adapted from novels and they were an ordeal to sit through as well i had read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high class wasters go to a remote mansion where they're stalked by an internet cult but to be honest this isn't really how the story unravels and anyone expecting friday the 13th meets the shining is going to be bitterly disappointed since 90-95% of the running time is taken up with said characters taking drugs and discussing sex . and what hateful characters they are too . not one of them is likable in any way and within minutes you'll be getting nostalgic for stalin , mao and pol pot hoping that next time someone embarks on communist democide they'll be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia . anything that will signal the end of such decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters in this movie embark upon can only be welcomed not content with giving us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fail to connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things further by getting all clever and arty . no doubt that is to impress us so we will fall upon our knees and cry " oh my god , what a wonderful director the way he bamboozles us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless pleb will fail to appreciate what a god given talent this man is " . i'm sure the vast majority of people either screamed " how come my projects got turned down while crap like this didn't ? " or " wtf was the last half hour of this piece of crap all about ? " you might defend the movie by saying the original source novel was unfilmable and this makes the film unwatchable . i will agree that this movie is unwatchable * i know the imdb classes this as an american movie but the style and faults with dead babies is uniquely british . americans might think they've got things tough with bush but we've got tony blair , not to mention dead babies , mad cows and this filthy earth . no wonder everyone is ashamed to be british in the 21st century

this movie could be used in film classes in a "how not to script a b-movie" course. there are inherent constrictions in a b-movie: budgets are tight, time is precious (scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days) and the actors are often green and inexperienced. the one aspect you have complete control over is writing the best script you can within the limitations set before you. scarecrow's script seems to have been written in a drunken haze. i could go through about fifteen examples of the nonsensical scripting of this movie, but i'll just mention one: the gravedigger. the character of the gravedigger is introduced about an hour into the movie. he seemingly has no connection to any of the other characters already in the movie. he is shown with his daughter, who also has no connection to anybody else in the movie. the gravedigger is given a couple scenes to act surly in and then is killed to pad out the body count. why give the gravedigger a daughter? why give the daughter a boyfriend? why introduce them so late in the movie? why not try to make them part of the ongoing storyline? scarecrow doesn't seem to care.the "story" of scarecrow goes something like this: lester is a high school kid (played by and actor who'd i'd peg to be in his early 30's) who is picked on by the other kids. he is an artist who draws birds and has a crush on a classmate named judy. his mom is a lush and the town whore. one of her reprobate boyfriends makes fun of his drawings (by calling him a "faggot" for drawing birds instead of "monsters and cowboys." if you have a high school student still drawing cowboys i'd think him to more likely be gay than a high school student who draws crows) and later, kills lester, in a cornfield, under the titular scarecrow. magically, lester's soul goes into the scarecrow. somehow, this transference changes lester's soul from that of an artist into that of a wisecracking gymnast (i know some reviews have called the scarecrow a kung-fu scarecrow. i disagree. the scarecrow practically does a whole floor routine before jumping onto the truck during the climax of the movie). the scarecrow then goes on to kill those who tormented him, those who smoke pot in the corn field, those who dig graves, boyfriends of daughters of gravediggers, pretty much anyone who showed up on the movie set.the bonus feature on the dvd should be mentioned. the director (a frenchman) does an impromptu version of rap music, admits he enjoys not having executives around on set so he can screw his wife while working and gives a quote to live by (and i'm paraphrasing): "life ez a bitch, but et has a great ass"number of beers i drank while watching this movie: 5 did it help: no number of beers needed to enjoy this movie: whatever it takes to get to blackout drunk level.

amazing. that's what you'd say if you sat through this film. simply, incredibly, amazing. it's actually so amazing that anyone was stupid enough to dump money into making this monstrosity that you simply can't believe what you're seeing. that, my friends, is what is truly scary about this film. somebody thought it was a good idea to make it. well, here's another amazingly original story: high school student (occasionally seemed like collegego figure) has whore for a mom, lives in a trailer park, and is an "artist" who is ridiculed for his "being all different." well, of course, this poor ridiculed boy is eventually killed and, here's the original part, his soul inhabits a scarecrow (beneath which, he is killed by his slutty mama's latest john). then he goes around with the standard killing off of all the people that done hurt him. awww.here's the breakdown:the good:--amazingly funny movieeven if that's not what the clearly drunk filmmakers wanted.--this and the sequel on one disk in the wal-mart $5.00 binso it's only a little overpriced.didn't hurt it, didn't help:--the violence and gore are kind of sub-standard. one person is stabbed with a corncob.--sounds like they put some effort into the musicbut it doesn't really fit the movieand isn't all that good.the bad:--terrible, terrible acting.--another slasher let-down with sexy womennone of them removing clothing. when did that cease being a staple of low-brow slashers??--ridiculous story.--the scarecrow vomits up one-liners that would make freddy krueger and arnold swartzenegger blush.--standard underlying love story goes nowhere, and is poorly done.--some of the people killed seem like they were chosen at randomyou never really know who anybody is and then they're killed. and you only assume that they must've had it coming.the ugly:--extremely average slasher fare, just with a murdering scarecrow instead of well, all that other crap.--nowhere near as interesting as freddy krueger, jason voorhees, pinhead, chucky, or even angela from the "sleepaway camp" seriesall of which are better than this atrocity.--the absolute worst dialogue i have ever heard in my life. the script is laden with a level of retardedness that i never imagined could exist. i'm serious hereit's a full step beyond terrible. don't get me wrong, though, it's funny as hellbut i've never heard more asinine bantereven in "slumber party massacre iii." this film makes "jason x" look like shakespeare.--the man who kills the boy that becomes the scarecrow: worst wig ever. dialogue to match.memorable scene:--the one where elementary-school youths spew out their own witty dialogue: "hey, let's go find small animals to torture. huh huh."acting: 3/10 story: 3/10 atmosphere: 2/10 cinematography: 1/10 character development: 2/10 special effects/make-up: 5/10 nudity/sexuality: 1/10 (no nudity, mom's a whore, girls wear no bras) violence/gore: 5/10 (low quality, mediocre amount) dialogue: 0/10 (extremely ridiculous, blatant, over-the-top and painfully funnyso bad it's good. my first rating for dialogue in any film!) music: 5/10 direction: 2/10cheesiness: 10/10 crappiness: 9/10overall: 3/10another one for just people like me who enjoy watching pure crap. or slasher-film completists. this is not a good movie, at all. laughable dialogue and characters keep it from being truly boring.www.residenthazard.com

well, what was fun... except for the fun part.it's my second least favorite so far, i even thought it was worse than 'lazarus' and 'ghost in the machine'.let's start with the good. the teaser, it was incredibly well done and also emotional. being the great animal lover that i am, it was fun seeing so many beautiful animals in this episode.but then there's all the bad, and believe me there is a lot of it. little made sense, so those animals were being abducted by aliens and impregnated? whaaa??? the dialog was also pretty awful. there were about one or two quotable lines. and worst of all, having pretty much all those animals die was very unpleasant for me. in the end... what's the point? they all pretty much died. we didn't learn anything, we weren't entertained, and i couldn't even find sophia's death sad... just very frustrating.* star. shame because season 2 was doing so well.

the good earth follows the life a slave girl and a poor farmer in china. the movie is based on the novel by pearl s. buck. the story is great, but i hated that they decided to cast anglos in the lead roles. walter connolly is laughable as the farmer's father. he has such a heavy american accent, as do most of the lead actors, that i could not bear listening to him speak.it is a shame that hollywood could not get past their racist beliefs to cast asians in the lead roles. to take anglos and make them look like chinese is akin to anglos putting shoe polish on their faces to play african-americans.

imagine the worst a-team episode add even more bad taste remove humor and you might get an idea of how despicable this movie is ! looks like a teenager stole daddy's camcorder and filmed the explosion of his little sister barbie model house. pathetic.

all of david prior's movies are terrible on all counts: bad writing, bad acting, bad cinematography, no budget (the director's brother is usually cast as the male lead). but they all have incredible entertainment value because of their unintentional hilarity. the plot of almost every david prior "film" (as i like to refer to them) is basically the same. manly all-american commandos team up to blow up communist baddies. but unlike other cold war-era garbage such as red dawn, prior's movies are actually funny because of their over-the-top premises and acting. the best part of jungle assault is the scene in which becker (or was is the other dude?) is being summoned by general mitchell for a top-secret mission in south america. the funniest line in the movie is then delivered, something to the effect of "this is my roommate, i trained him well". what. you trained your roommate? and apparently this is going to be their solution to avoiding eviction.if you can find these gems on video used anywhere, buy them. they are all funny and even funnier after a few beers. watch them with a group of your friends for a true mst3k-style experience. so far my friends and i have managed to get a hold of night wars and aerobicide aka "killer workout". but the one i recommend the most over them all is final sanction, with the freakish-looking robert z'dar.

well i'm probably about to be lambasted by everyone on this site, but the good earth is one of the worst structured films i've seen in a long time. we have a 2 and a half hour film that feels like its three and a half because it has two films in one. the first film tells the story of a family that has to move form their home because of drought and famine. they have to travel south to the cities to find food or work of some kind. conveniently they happen to find a bag of jewels and at the same time they find out that the drought has ended. yeah ok. with this knowledge they return home with their riches and everything is fine and wonderful again. well that takes about an hour and a half of film and while its incredibly lifeless at this point it does have a nice arc to it. you would think this would be a fantastic place to end the film. however, the film then continues on for a whole other hour. and in this remaining time, its takes a simple story about a family dealing with the hardships of the world and turns it into a sappy melodrama about betrayal and jealousy between lovers. oh yea and the age old, money is the root of all evil blah blah blah. just because you know your making an epic film doesn't mean that your story can go on needlessly for more than it has to. also the main idea i would gather about this film is that the earth is good to this family and holds them together. then why do we spend an hour telling a story about a rich man falling in love with another woman, and why is the final moment of the film dedicated to a wife that our main character hasn't even cared about through most of the film. oh wait and the film isn't the only thing thats poorly written, the main characters wife makes absolutely no sense. she complains a lot about how she was a slave and she never wants to have a slave and yadda yadda yadda. then why at the drop of a hat is she willing to sell her only daughter into slavery. even if they are starving at the time of this idea, it still doesn't make sense when 20 minutes later in the film she is complaining about not wanting a slave again. there are other films from the thirties that should be paid attention to. the only thing this one has going for it is the cinematography. the land is shot beautifully, oh and the sequence with the locusts is quite impressive. too bad that were in a film that had nothing to say. one last thing. i know that at this point in time hollywood was focused mostly on stars and they figured that a good actor can portray anything. for most of the film paul muni does portray an asian man to the best of his ability, but once it hits the half point where the film goes on for no reason he loses it and just becomes regular old italian paul, they even cut his hair so he looks like tony from scarface(also a better film than this). of all the main characters in the film i think maybe three are actually asian, the rest are just americans being silly. oh and please ms. rainer that was a really nice one note performance, not, if i could i rip the oscar out of your hands, oh i would. the good earth is one epic waste of time. if you want something along this vain to watch on nice evening get the grapes of wrath, a film that truly deserves all the praise it gets. mainly because it wasn't written by a monkey.

this is the kind of movie i fear the most. arrogant and irresponsible, it presents a sketch of the colombian conflict so cliched and dumb it represents an insult to all colombian people. the performances are godawul, from grisales (her naked scene is absolutely pitiful), to bejarano, to fanny mickey (who looks right out of a tim burton nightmare), to díaz, who makes a notable effort to bring life to a character so one-dimensional, so cliched and so badly written all he´s left to work with is a mustache. not to mention the gratuitous ending, a gore fest so cheesy that it would make ed wood cringe. it fails in all ways, cinematography, art direction, costumes, makeup, editing, and most of all directing, jorge alí triana has always been a lousy filmmaker but at least his previous movies had some dignity. i can't say anything good about this waste of money, except that i hope colombian filmmakers learn a lesson about honesty, integrity and responsability from this mean-intended fiasco.

east palace, west palace reminded me somewhat of the detective, with frank sinatra in the role of the cop, and william windom is the boy. it's a progressive film for china, i guess, but it also perpetuates myths about the femininity of gay men: much is made of chinese myths in which men take on female roles. the movie focuses on an effeminate man who wants desperately to be dominated and hurt by a macho guy. he cruises the park without fear--he hopes to be taken into the stationhouse by the officer. and that in fact happens. then he tells the officer his entire life story while being subjected to mild torture: made to squat for a period of time, handcuffed, slapped. this is what the gay man wants, and, implicitly, the gay man is challenging the cop's self-image as a manly man. the story's about the gay man's life (which include flashbacks) are tolerable, but when he starts describing old chinese myths and dramatic works, the movie becomes unbearable. it becomes a cry of pity for china's gays, who only want to fulfill a traditional role in chinese society. sorry, i can't relate.

i picked this up at the video store because of tarantino's recommendation ("if you don't like (this), go f&^% yourself!") on the box... seemed like a ringing endorsement.... i was expecting something a bit more like "death proof"... not much actual violence in this one tho, or plot, of character, or dialogue. look at the poster. it's all there. stunts, and rock. it goes back and forth. a week or so in the life of an la band that does a crappy magic show, at a level that you'd maybe see in one of the lesser casinos off the strip, and an aussie stuntman new in town finding his feet... they work, they meet girls, they party. end of story.the band obviously needed all that stuff because they are frankly second-tier, and playing a style that was already dated in 1978. it has to be said that the stunt bits in the film are genuinely spinetingling - that aussie fellow really is something, and the film seems largely motivated by love and respect for the "art". i hung it there to see what crazy thing he'd do next. just wish he could have found a better vehicle.

perhaps i'm not a sophisticate. this and closer are two of the more supposedly cerebral films i've seen recently, and both suffer from exactly the same problem to an excruciating extent. the dialogue is false false false. nothing that comes out of anyone's mouth seems remotely believable. perhaps the way this film is set up that's the way it's supposed to feel, but it was unwatchable. and boring. i walked out after 20 minutes of tedium.i'll stick with sleeper and bananas for my woody allen fix. if i ever come across this on the teevee, i'll turn over and try to find an episode of quincy instead.

well i'm blowed, a woody allen film that i walked out of after half an hour (i'm aware of the moral fragility of commenting on a film of which i've seen less than half, but i hope you'll understand why). basically, it became apparent very early on that we were going to be patronised from the screen with: a script that set out its conceit as if with bullet points; a cast that were all trying to be characters from hannah and her sisters (with the exception of chloe sevigny), and were badly directed into doing so; and a camera that sat around portentously, only for there to be nothing to film but chat and the actor delivering it. drama? none; it's partially pre-narrated, but the action does nothing to develop a dramatic situation.maybe i did leave too early in this case, but by then i'd decided against another hour and a half of one-liner-allen clones. the script has its funny moments  i went almost entirely on the back of will ferrell's excerpts in the trailer (trailer-hooked again, doh!)  but there's little pace to let them fly off nonchalantly, as is best. worse than this there's no fluidity. saying this film's wooden makes a forest look like a jelly: the opening café-bound discussion being the most abject case-in-point. the only thing that should be done by numbers is potted reviewing  2/10.

this movie is just an excuse for the writer to make a film out of 2 failed scripts.its characters are just an assembly of characters with cliché tragic or comic attributes the sum total of which is neurotic dialog like only woody allen could write. woman love this because its like looking in the mirror so they will enjoy this film probablythis movies was not enjoyed by me however because there was no car chase and also the film didn't have any fights. there was also no drug lords or gang bangers. not to mention a lack of snakes. this film had no snakes. not my cup of tea and maybe not yours ether so think about what i have said before you find yourself watching this film.unless of course you resemble a female have weight issues man issues enjoy sex and the city and ally mcbeal then this is meaningful for you.

this movie stinks! you will want back the two-plus hours it takes to get through it. sliding doors, w/ gwyenth paltrow and directed by peter howit, did what melinda & melinda tries to do much much much better. that movie was clever, witty, and well-acted. i cared about what happened to both gwyenths -- or rather the characters she played -- and the performances by supporting cast were fantastic.where as melinda & melinda is tiresome, the dialogue is contrived and i could have cared less about any of these people -- least of all melinda. one melinda is so dysfunctional -- her first glass of wine is at 10 a.m. -- and so melodramatic she is laughable, and not in the comedic sense. the 2nd melinda is fine, but forgettable.woody allen's previous ensemble movies worked because, i'm guessing, he spent time on the screenplay and the actors were talented. one piece of trivia for this movie is that he wrote this screenplay in two months: you can tell. and while chloe sevigny is talented -- those around her are not, not enough to be a whole presence. the movie ends up being chloe sevigny and a bunch of other people you know you've seen in other movies but can't quite remember which ones.sad, very sad.

i will probably always go to see a woody alleb movie, as one never knows when he just might make a real return to his past greatness. just one or two great moments or lines could make it worthwhile. sadly however this film just does'nt make it on any score. saying thar actually makes me sad and even a little guilty. i'm sure my reaction is much like a lot of other fans of woody, but what can one say? it's probably time for him to concentrate on his clarinett, which in my opinion, he is rather quite good. saying all of this, i'll still probably go to any new film woody may come out with in the future. there's always hope and i'll continue to love and respect the woody!!

utterly pretentious nonsense. the material is dull, dull, dull, and most of the cast wouldn't even have made understudies in allen's earlier films. and to have to listen to the unfunny will ferrell do his woody allen imitation makes me loathe the second-rate (though mysteriously popular) ferrell even more. it appears that the morose 70-year old allen should have knocked off work when the clock rang in a new century.i truly tried to get involved in the film, but it was just impossible; my snyapses couldn't fire that slowly. so, rather than doze off and kill the afternoon sleeping in an upright position i got up, left my wife and daughter in the theater, and went out to the car where i had a really good book to re-read (george bailey's great tome of 30 years ago, "germans.") the day turned out pretty well after all, no thanks to woody.

woody allen has made some of the greatest comedies ever and i would seriously consider saying that annie hall is the greatest movie ever but if i really think about it i will probably think of one or two that are better, but it would be hard. he has had of course some films that aren't quite good but not that bad either like manhattan murder mystery and sweet and lowdown but he has never before had a film quite as bad as melinda and melinda. not quite so tired and so unfunny, his films are usually witty and hilarious but how did this happen, is it still our good old woody? the plot runs around four friends who are having dinner together. two are play writers and one of the others mentions a funny story that happened to a friend of hers. it is about a young woman who bursts in on a dinner party unexpected. we never hear the rest because the two play writes start to debate whether it would make a better comedy or tragedy. than we begin to see the two points of view. both center on this woman named melinda who is having trouble both with drugs and with her ex-husband. in the tragedy she is an old family friend who after attempting suicide decided to show up at her old best friends front door for no apparent reason. the comedy is about melida who stumbles in on the dinner party after popping 28 sleeping pills. both go on a wild whirl wind of events that never really make sense or fit together, or make you laugh more than once or twice. there are some nice performances by radha mitchell and will ferrell but they can't fit it together on there own. they cam't stop it from sinking farther down than most of the other films this year.

luise rainer received an oscar for her performance in the good earth. unfortunately, her role required no. she did not say much and looked pale throughout the film. luise's character was a slave then given away to marriage to paul muni's character (he did a fantastic job for his performance). set in ancient asia, both actors were not asian, but were very convincing in their roles. i hope that paul muni received an oscar for his performance, because that is what luise must have gotten her oscar for. she must have been a breakthrough actress, one of the first to method act. this seems like something that hollywood does often. al pacino has played an italian and cuban. i felt luise's performance to be lackluster throughout, and when she died, she did not change in expression from any previous scenes. she stayed the same throughout the film; she only changed her expression or emotion maybe twice. if her brilliant acting was so subtle, i suppose i did not see it.

i've seen my share of woody allen's movies, and while they're not always great, you can usually be sure you're going to be entertained. probably the last really good ones were bullets over broadway ('94) and mighty aphrodite ('95) - since then the ones i've seen have been patchy but watchable. and so when i was invited to see the new woody allen movie melinda and melinda, which i wasn't even aware had been released yet, i went along happily. i hadn't really heard much about it so i hoped i would be pleasantly surprised.what i got was definitely the worst woody allen movie i've seen. the premise is over-explained, the cast is terrible, the script is slow and lifeless. too many scenes said nothing and yet were stretched out, i assume to fill out what would have otherwise become a 15 minute short film.i don't mind the concept behind this film - two directors discuss how a simple situation could be interpreted as a comedy or a tragedy, and obviously the film proceeds to show us that, by playing out both scenarios. the problem is neither of these 'two films' are any good at all. the comedy isn't funny and the tragedy isn't very tragic. it seems like allen came up with a good idea but then ran out of steam, or time, to actually complete the film.the general level of acting is notably bad also - will ferrell is the only one who brings anything to the table, and it's basically a woody allen impression. previously good actors like chloe sevigny just come off as annoying, and the worst of the bunch is radha mitchell as melinda (which is a shame, because her character is in nearly every scene!).to be fair to the actors, the script they are working with is lacking if not non-existent. definitely a long way from the allen we know and love from classics like manhattan or annie hall.

possible spoilers.although there was some good acting - particularly chloe sevigny, and radha mitchell in the comedy half - this simply was not an engaging film. the segues between the comedy part and the tragedy part were awkward or sometimes not obvious. this viewer was initially confused by the fact that the supporting cast differs in the two halves; i thought with the way things were laid out in the opening scene that the people surrounding melinda would be the same people, just reacting differently (more of a "he said, she said" premise). however, what we have is two totally different stories and two totally different women, both of whom happen to be played by radha mitchell.the two playwrights in the opening scene - the comedian and the tragedian - supposedly take the same premise and go from there, but the two stories are only tenuously related. they do little to support the topic of discussion, which is that almost anything can be looked at as either comedy or tragedy. nice cast, but a disappointing film.

i've always been a great fan of woody allen and always will be for most of what he did in the past, but only a blind lover could ignore how dull, meaningless, pretentious and most of all horrendously acted this movie is. a vacuous mental masturbation based on inconsistent grounds. and what a disastrous idea to artificially recreate a presumed "actor allen-clone", that is putting into will farrell's mouth and gestures what allen would have done in farrell's place had he been 30 years younger. the outcome was obviously ludicrous. and not to speak of the dialogues... what was intended to be philosophical reflections turned into an involuntary mockery of intellectual pondering, unaware of its comic effect. how sad...

for a comedic writer, woody allen really lets the paying viewer down with this meager attempt at character development. there are a few entertaining moments, but no more than one would have listening to their dryer tumbling tennis balls.will ferrell wastes his time in this movie which fails to showcase his usually funny delivery. amanda peet did well, but again, didn't have the room to move in this otherwise corpse like movie. the movie is so heavy and dull that it cannot be carried but if it were carried, radha mitchell did it. if you enjoy movies that go on and on in one scene and don't really accomplish anything but to show that their writer can write a few lines of snappy dialogue on occasion, then you'll love this movie.

woody allen has lost his ability to write dialogue or characters that are clearly distinguishable from each other. this is the case with "melinda and melinda," where all the characters speak with allen's generic pseudo-sophistication and have problems and points of view that are not relatable to anyone outside of a four block radius of where allen lives. they also share the same curious condition of being able to afford multi-million dollar manhattan apartments that appear to have been designed by professional decorators regardless of their financial situation or what they do for a living.the only character who exists outside of this dull mindset is will ferrel as the obligatory woody allen surrogate. although he does not simply come off as merely doing a woody allen impression (like kenneth branagh in the god-awful "celebrity"), ferrel lacks the charm or charisma that the real woody had when he was playing the part himself in his best movies.the end result is another in a string of self indulgent bores from a once-great filmmaker who has been trading in on his former reputation for years.

i couldn't wait to see this movie. about half way through the movie, i couldn't wait for it to end. all of the (white) actors were delivering their lines like woody allen had just said, "say it like this..." then they said their lines on screen like they were trying to imitate woody allen. it was so annoying. we all know how will ferrell really talks, and he doesn't stumble over his words like mr. allen. the comedy portion of this film was just as boring as the tragedy and definitely never funny or even entertaining. i must admit that i have never been a major woody allen fan, and this movie definitely has not converted me. i think that his writing was just as bad as his direction. this movie will go down as one of the worst 10 movies i have ever seen.

if i accidentally stumbled across this script in textual form i would read it and maybe laugh. i would not, however laugh at the points in the film where the director would seem to want me to laugh. although i am still not altogether sure where these are. i don't care if this is woody allen, this writer cannot write dialogue, or at least he cannot knowingly write dialogue then draw performances from actors capable of drawing laughter from even the most ticklish of clowns. for example:(paraphrase) "i'm an art historian, i'm looking to get a job in an art gallery." ok, so it states the fact but honestly, do you know of any art historians who would say that? how would you answer? "really? an art gallery? who would've thought it?"the entire script is littered with the kind of tawdry quasi-intellectualism that i would not have expected from such a respected character writer. i admit that i have no knowledge of allen's other work and, judging by this one i don't want to start learning. the characters are loathsome without exception, an attempt to illustrate that we all suffer from the human condition? or really really poor character writing? you be the judge.

i am so disappointed. this movie left me feeling jipped out of my time and mental energy. here was the quintessential woody allen film all over again: the neurotic upper-class manhattanites debating whether or not they will cheat on their spouses. woody, i've seen these characters already, i've seen the storyline from you ten times already. where did your creativity go??? you need to open your eyes and look around you. the world has changed dramatically since annie hall - and you need to change along with it.there are far more interesting and funny scenarios to which you can apply your brand of angst and neuroticism - why not try them out instead of rehashing the same old slop over and over and over again.when i hear that woody allen has a new project coming out, it does nothing for me - because now i've come to expect his old standby: the couple who are growing tired of each other and end up cheating. depressing and same old, same old.if woody wants to win his fans back, then he has to understand that our sense of humor and intelligence has to be stimulated - not insulted.

and how many actors can he get to stand in for his own neurotic, compulsive uber-new yorker persona? in this film woody is played by will ferrell in what is mercifully less a direct impersonation than the one kenneth branagh did in "celebrity." it's an annoyingly repetitive story now: nebbishy, neurotic man with a wife or girlfriend falls madly in love with a shiksa queen upon which he projects all manner of perfection. everyone lives in perfect gigantic apartments in great manhattan neighborhoods, everyone constantly patronizes expensive, exclusive restaurants during which all the characters relate fascinating anecdotes and discuss arcane philosophy, there is always a trip to the hamptons during which the nebbishy main character spazzes out about sand and physical exertion and possible exposure to diseases, and then of course, said main character feels guilty about his lust for the shiksa queen but pursues her anyway, sometimes succeeding, sometimes failing, etc.this a tired formula, and proof that allen isn't really a great film artist at all. he just seems like a dirty old man with the libido and emotions of a 20-year-old who is intent upon telling the same boring old stories again and again.

woody allen, when at his best, has one of the sharpest pens around. he can make an acute observation and wrap it around a punch line like nobody else. however, when he's at his worst his movies can stench of pretentiousness. unfortunately, "melinda and melinda" has this stench from opening to closing. the set up is one of his more intriguing ideas in a while. four friends sit in a restaurant discussing whether the essence of life is comedy or drama. to help settle the argument, one man relates the beginning of a story and asks the two other men arguing (one a comic playwright, the other a dramatic playwright) whether the story is a comedy or a tragedy. the two men then continue the story and the movie plays out the stories that they weave. now, when i first heard about this film, my understanding was that they tell the exact same story, the genre (comedy or drama) only changes by how you look at it. now that would have been interesting. however, the stories only share one main element and a few side elements. they are entirely different stories with major plot differences. the drama is so stiffly scripted and pretentious that it can only really work as self-parody. if this was the point, then it failed because these elements prevent the audience from feeling any emotional investment in any of the characters. the comedy is the story that has moments of success, but they are still short and fleeting. will farrell is obviously meant to be the stand-in for woody, but he could have played this character so much more believably without adding woody's stutters and hand-ticks. woody is the best at being woody. when someone else tries, they're not playing a character, they are modeling a recognizable actor. this type of thing only pulls the audience out of the story.my favorite woody allen movies make me leave the theater a little bit lighter in spirit than i walked in. this one made me wish i could get my money back.

a couple of farmers struggle in life in a small village in china. wang lung (paul muni) buys o-lan, his future wife, who becomes his slave (luis rainer). american stars appear in the leading roles, talking with fake accents and emphasizing old stereotypes and patriarchal ideology. a good wife, many children and land are the best things for men to have. they are seen as property and investment. because it is a big budget movie, in which many extras cooperate, big sets are built and special effects take place, the movie makers could not take the risk of hiring less popular actors. luise rainer won an academy award for this performance, which is definitely the worst in the movie. her immutable face builds a barrier between her and the audience. o-lan is supposed to be the heart of the family and the best character to sympathize with. on the other hand paul muni gives a better performance, showing his talent ones again. another problem with the movie is the ending. it seems like franklin did not know when to end the picture. this film could be dangerous if it is taken as a truly example of chinese culture and traditions.

may i please have my $13.00 back? i would have rather watched "hydro- electric power comes to north america". again. this is a movie with one voice. the same voice, which comes out of every characters mouth regardless of age or gender. to listen to that voice again i would have to charge at least $150 an hour. and i don't take insurance. it was eerie watching will ferrell morph into woody. but i don't think imaginative casting is enough. one should wait until they have a story before they bother making a movie. unless he's just doing it for the money. and if that's the case why not just reissue an all-rap version of "what's up tiger lily?"

wow this movie sucked big time. i heard this movie expresses the meaning of friendship very well. and with all the internet hype on this movie i figured what could go wrong? however the movie was just plain bad. it was boring and the character development was never there. space travelers was also a horrible movie, if you didn't like that movie there is no way you will like this.

this makes the third errol morris movie i've seen, and i'm increasingly not liking his style. he seems to find very interesting and varied characters, great personalities to create documentaries for, and then with tongue-in-cheek editing make fun of everything they are about. it's never really a direct caricaturation of them and morris seems most of the time to be saying, "but no, no, these people are really fascinating, really!", but there's always these subtle little canted angles and not-so-subtle editing techniques that show that morris seems to be mocking them behind their back.this movie tracks four people who break the traditional boundaries of organic separation... a man who studies african hairless molerats to find that they are amazingly ant-like, a lion tamer, a man who keeps a garden full of animal-shaped shrubbery, and a robot designer. the general theme of the film seems to revolve around the question of what designates animal, human, and life features? so the title of fast, cheap, & out of control doesn't really seem to mean anything in terms of the movie... right? except of course morris seems just a little disturbed by these individuals' passions (he might call them "obsessions") making synthetic designs on life. i share not that fear and honestly don't appreciate some of the connections morris makes in the film.but i stress his subtlety. with no voice-over narration and leaving the words entirely to the interviewees, it's not as if morris ever pounds that anxiety onto the spectators' collective head. instead he mixes circus footage and ant footage together often at times when they're taken out of the context of the circus and the ants, showing a sort of collective absurdity behind what all of these people are talking about. i don't find them absurd, i find them all very neat and interesting individuals.unless, of course, he didn't intend such juxtapositions, which means he's just a bad craftsman instead of a silent subverter. considering none of this films i've seen so far have particularly impressed me, i don't really care to find out what he's trying to do.--polarisdib

personally i would advise people to stay clear of this movie. it's on the whole a bore to watch and the fighting is poorly choreographed. slow and not very convincing. if you buy the hong kong legends dvd release of this movie, then the only thing worth listening to is the bey logan audio commentary.but in any case, since when has there ever been a ninja film worth watching. i cannot think of one and frankly do not wish to.overall, when it comes to movies, i have one golden rule: avoid any films that contains the word 'ninja'.

i only watched this film from beginning to end because i promised a friend i would. it lacks even unintentional entertainment value that many bad films have. it may be the worst film i have ever seen. i'm surprised a distributor put their name on it.

this movie is a horrible distortion of lies and exaggerations that were put together by the most shameless lunatics to ever work on a tv movie. the story is wrong and a complete lie. there is nothing in this movie that accurately portrays senator mccarthy. it's just a horrible scam and it amazes me that anyone associated with this production ever got another job in the industry. the marxist-leninists who wrote this trash did so in order to attack a man who has been vindicated by history and their fear that anyone would dare to destroy communism. unfortunately for these communist nut jobs, ronald reagan took over where mccarthy left off and they couldn't stop him, thus the end of the soviet union and its' cohorts.never, ever watch this film if you're looking for truth regarding sen. mccarthy. read ann coulter's book, "treason" for a better look at the truth about sen. mccarthy.it will also help if you read about what really happened to senator mccarthy by reading http://www.thenewamerican.com/tna/1996/vo12no18/vo12no18_mccarthy.htm

good grief i can't even begin to describe how poor this film is. don't get me wrong, i wasn't expecting much to begin with. let's face it, a pg-13 slasher flick is pre-destined to be missing the ummm... slashing, so no one should be surprised by the lack of gore. but it was the level of incompetence and cliché on display in all the other aspects of this movie is what really blew me away. we have a protagonist who is quite simply so completely useless that you find yourself rooting for the bad guy. and here's a turnup for the books... she never changes - hence breaking the cardinal rule of basic screen writing - character development. if you think by the end of this film the poor little girl is going to turn around and finally kick some arse then think again. on top of this, we're handed possibly the least intriguing (and definitely the least scary) killer ever to grace the genre. i'm not joking when i say that dora the explorer has scarier villains than this movie.finally, because all the potential for tension or gratuity is removed by the inept (and apparently thirteen-year-old) director, what could possibly be left to fill up 2 hours of screen time? closets, that's what. lots and lots of closets: big closets, small closets, mirrored closets, closets to narnia, so many damned closets you'll not want to dress yourself for another year. in fact this movie should have just been called "closet", and had a picture of a big scary coathanger on the dvd case. on the back it could have had a photograph of the audience falling asleep and a quote by roger and ebert - something to the extent of: "what the f*@! did we just waste our time watching!"

okay. so i just got back. before i start my review, let me tell you one thing: i wanted to like this movie. i know i've been negative in the past, but i was hoping to be surprised and actually come out liking the film. i didn't.it's not just the fact that every horror cliché imaginable is in this. and it's not just the fact that they make every little thing into a jump scare (walking into a baseball bat left on the floor? are you kidding me?). it just wasn't scary. one thing i was surprised about: there was more blood than i thought there was going to be.. which isn't saying much.the film starts off with donna being dropped off by lisa's mom at her house. she comes in.. goes upstairs. camera pans to her father dead on the couch. spooky. she goes upstairs, where the aforementioned baseball bat scene happens. finds her brother on his bed, apparently dead (how could she tell? he didn't have a spot of blood on him). killer comes in, donna hides under bed, mom dies. she runs outside screaming for help. killer behind her: "i did it for us." cut to therapy session. this confused a lot of people- everyone was asking whether or not her family actually died or if she imagined it- and she mentions how the nightmares have started coming back. filler dialogue ensues.they cut to the chase pretty quick. few scenes at the salon, they go to the hotel. of course the killer is already there (for some reason, he escaped 3 days ago but the police/family weren't informed until he's already there). more filler ensues.i'm not going to go on about what happens in the film, because i don't want to spoil it too much. if you want to know who dies, horror_fan made a post about it already. but on the subjects of deaths: they weren't that exciting. people in the theatre actually laughed out loud (an experience i've never had before in a horror movie, not even in when a stranger calls) during several of them. one in particular: the bus boy guy who gives the most hilarious 'scared' face i've ever seen. the only death involving any blood was lisa's, and that was pretty scarce. her throat is slashed, blood (if you can even call it that- it was practically black) splatters on the curtain-thing. the only other blood was on claire when we see her body. apparently, fenton decided to stab her a few times after he choked her to death. um, okay? the movie was one of the most clichéd i've ever seen. let's see here.. obligatory close-mirror-curtain-boom! scene. check. twice, actually (you could tell they were struggling). mandatory backing-up-into-killer. check. there's also the backing-up-into-lamp scene, but you've all seen that. oh, you say you want a birds-flying-away scare? well, you got it! (yes, they managed to incorporate one of those in here). and, of course, the we-have-security-on-all-exits-but-he-still-escaped scene. shall i go on? i could.for anyone saying the characters weren't stupid, are you kidding me? "oh, even though the massive alarm is ringing, literally saying please vacate the building, and 3 of my friends are missing, i'm going to go upstairs to get my wrap." these characters were some of the most flawed and stupid characters ever. the only likable character - lisa - made one of the most stupid moves in the movie. "oh, i just realized the psycho-teacher is here! i must leave my strong boyfriend behind to run off by myself to warn her! oh, shoot, the elevator is being to slow? guess i'll take the stairs and run off into the construction site!" ugh. by the end of the film, they all deserved to die. the only death anyone felt any remorse for was donna's boyfriend (i can't even remember his name- is that bad?), and by that time, the audience was completely drained out of this scareless, clichéd film.there were some positives- the acting was decent for the most part, and it was well-shot. but that's about it.i'd give it a 1/5, and that's being generous. just for the laughs (and believe me, the audience had a few), and brittany snow.oh, and the reaction was bad. very bad. people were boo-ing after the movie ended and buzz afterwards was very negative. expect bad legs for this one.

and rent a good horror movie. it's like the writer had never seen a horror movie before and didn't realize every single thing he wrote was clichéd and hackneyed and has been parodied to perfection in movies like "scream" and "scary movie".in between the scary bits is the most banal and boring dialog ever written. stupid "we're going to the prom" junk. i wanted to claw my ears off. honestly, "the hills" has better dialog.there really was no need to make this movie. leading lady is uninteresting and i kept thinking "her? really? guy is obsessed with her? really?" all the characters act in stupid ways, including the police. (cover the place in teams of 2! front and back! not one sleepy cop sitting in his car with the window rolled down just waiting for his throat to be slashed.) the serial killer just swans about murdering everyone he wants without the least bit of problem. no resistance from victims (or doors). nobody has any protection or the least idea of fighting back (or flipping the security lock on the hotel room door). the people are like mentally disabled sheep.by the by, if you're a gore fan, you'll be disappointed too. all the killing is kept offscreen and is -- ahem -- tastefully done. (so boo hoo for you!) none of the killings is the least bit interesting. most of the time they've already happened by the time we find out.the only cliché missing was the cat that always pops out in this kind of movies. "oh kitty! you scared me! i thought you were the killer -- aiieeee!" and then at the end when it's time for the killer to die -- well, let's just say it's the easiest and most obvious choice. snore.the audience was jeering and talking back to the screen throughout. it was too dumb to believe and not really scary enough. don't encourage this kind of lazy film-making.(oh, and by the way -- no crowning of a prom king or queen. no tiara. no bucket of blood.) so save your money and rent "carrie" or "friday the 13th" or "halloween" or "scream" or "scary movie" (any of them) to get a good scare with some original twists.

imagine the scenario - you are at the movie theater only because you are in washington for the weekend and it's raining and you're finished with the museums. you think you might go see the sarah marshall movie as the trailer look so so and you don't have to engage your brain. it's sold out. options? - the bank job, in bruges, the leatherheads or prom night. you've seen the bank job (suprisingly decent heist movie that) and in bruges (again, pretty good) so you're down to two. you don't fancy watching clooney or the nice one from the office run around in 1930 football uniforms, so you go see prom night right? wrong. you take the $8.50, walk up to a stranger in the street and ask him to punch you in the face for $8.50. it would be money better spent.it actually plays like more of a comedy than a horror/thriller or whatever it is supposed to be. if i was financing that movie and they showed me that as a final cut i wouldn't know whether to laugh or cry. probably both. an insult to anyone's intelligence... my roommate was laughing out loud most of the movie, as for the acting, they might as well have cast robots (or maybe dogs) in the roles, they would have been more realistic. the detective has to be possibly the worst actor i have ever seen (ben affleck and hayden christansan (i hate his acting so much i don't care how you spell his name) you are relieved on your title(s)) so in summary 'not good'

i'm not particularly fond of remakes, or to steal the modern jargon "retellings", but this film truly peeved me off. the original prom night, while not in my humble estimation a masterpiece, still realized what it was... horror. there are some simple things to remember when making a horror film. suspense is crucial to maintaining the interest of the audience. sorry folks, but a white knuckle film this was not! the scares were cheap, and foreshadowed terribly. (a good example of scare which has been done to clichéd excess now, is the cat jumping out of the closet, followed soon there after but a now unexpected appearance by the villain of the film) this film couldn't successfully pull that off, so how could i expect it to fulfill any of the other conventions of horror film. there needs to be a likable hero or heroine. this film doesn't have one. the person i most identified with was the head detective. his calm demeanor, but level headed approach to the escape of a killer was what more films of this ilk should have. common sense approach to events that occur. (if you're running from an axe wielding psycho, you turn and sprint in the opposite direction. not jog, whilst looking back ever three seconds, gaging the killer's progress, only to trip over every branch and inanimate object in your path.) if you friend disappears, you don't go looking for them alone. and if you suspect foul play you tell someone, not investigate yourself. these clichés are tired and well overplayed. in the horror genre in general, and in this film in particular.

in bridgeport, the deranged high school teacher richard fenton (johnathon schaech) is obsessed by the teenager student donna keppel (brittany snow); she witnesses him murder her family to stay with her, but richard is arrested and sent to prison for life. three years later, the traumatized donna is feeling better but is still under psychological treatment and taking pills. on her prom night, she goes with her boyfriend bobby (scott porter) and two couples of friends to the pacific grad hotel for the party. but the psychopath richard has escaped from prison and is lodged in the same floor in the hotel chasing donna, stabbing her friends and staff of the hotel that cross his path.the forgettable slash "prom night" is a collection of clichés with a total lack of originality. the stupid story is shallow and silly, with a bad acting of johnathon schaech in the role of an insane killer. the predictable screenplay is amazing since it is possible to foresee what is going to happen in the next scenes. my vote is three.title (brazil): "a morte convida para dançar" ("the death invites to dance")

i saw this trailer and thought to myself my god is this movie for real, who would want to see this movie and at the same time i thought that, my girl friend turned to me and said "we have to go see this movie"...enough said so i saw this about 5 minutes go and i tried to put on a brave face and enjoy the cheap scares but there weren't even any of those. it has to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen the director has no influence no perspective the same shots were used again and again he did not build up suspense the cast probably were simply told scream cry run fall. i would love to see the script as the first 40 mins was mostly annoying girly giggles and bad music, there was absolutely no character development.the plot is just...well there was no plot it was basically i know we will terrorize a high school group on their prom night with a stalker serial killer, that's brilliant! hmmm the acting was what you expect in a australian soap opera hopeless, that main character the blondie god dam she annoyed me. her longest line must have been half a sentence, and every time she was on camera she was just pulling another rude facial expression.please listen to me if you have any taste in movies don't go see this, and if your like me and don't have a choice well then i wish you good luck, maybe smuggle in an ipod or magazine. can't believe this film got made!

what starts out as a gentle country yarn, inoffensive and mildly enjoyable romantic tale changes pace as edward norton's initially charming harlan gradually reveals more about himself and things take a turn for the sinister, as the film gradually changes from a southern romance to a modern wild western.an amiable rancher (norton) wanders into town and charms a young girl (evan rachel wood), seemingly rescuing her from a dead-end existence with her bad-tempered father with a whirlwind romance, but it gradually becomes apparent that there is more to this cowboy than meets the eye.edward norton  a real chameleon actor (with changing facial hair to match) playing a country hick, accent slightly dodgy but maybe because he's merely trying to act the part without worrying about the accent. he certainly makes it appear effortless to make all the nuanced little adjustments as we learn more about harlan. however, with too many small changes it means we are never sure exactly where harlan is coming from, and what seemed like a good performance from norton gradually becomes confused. evan rachel wood is likable without ever really having a great deal to do other than bat her eyelids at norton.down in the valley strikes as a slightly uneven tale due to its change of pace, and by never really making the protagonist's motives clear the audience's sympathies for the characters remain uncertain. should we like this drifter or not? even after a dramatic turn of events it remains unclear. this ambiguity is to the film's detriment, as if the writer could not make up their mind what kind of story they wanted to tell and settled for somewhat of a hotch-potch. had the film remained one or the other it might have been a solid film, but as it is what we are left with is something of a mess. fans of old-fashioned romance will enjoy a portion of the film but will be put off by the darkening tone. completist fans of norton aside (or fans of the lush scenery of the san fernando valley), give this a miss.

ok, the story - a simpleminded loony enters a life of bored to death young chick and her kid brother and wreaks havoc in their lives - is mildly interesting one. anyway, ideas are nothing (everyone has some...) - the execution is everything.this is what bothered me with this flick. and it did bother me immensely. the rhythm (directing, editing) was slow, the pace was uneven and the climax expected. we have seen those frigging highways five, six, seven times - why? norton character's troubles were seen as a childish game, not enough deep to understand his problems / soul / blah and to root for or against him. is he a coward, a manipulator or just a loony? references to the "taxi driver" were ridiculous and unnecessary and for certain not in favor for this flick (or to e.n. for that matter).and imho, it is cowardly executed at the end. cheap emotional tricks for teenage lovers somewhere in mid america. this guy should have killed the kid, blamed the father, create a real havoc. or the kid should have killed the father at the end etc., but no, we have gotten cheesy ending where kids miss the loony, the father is puzzled over his own life and relationship with them and the loony, of course, dies. the happy dysfunctional family stays unharmed, safe and happily bored again so we could enjoy our pop-corns, undisturbed.and that scene where the loony enters the movie, oh my god, i would have to think long and hard to find something stupider than that! you do not shoot such a scene with a hidden camera and hidden crew. creators of that movie probably thought that was a good idea but it was more than annoying. again, if you're a 16 years old girl somewhere in kansas nowhere or whatever-where and dream about having sex with a crazy man twice your age, ok, then you might enjoy this movie and its "message".

i really wanted to like this film, but the story is ridicules. i don't want to spoil this film, - don't worry right from the begin you know something bad is going to happen - but here's an example of how sloppy this film was put together. the cowboy and "twig" ride up the ridge. the cowboy has a handle bar mustache. the cowboy and "twig" get into a shoot out and race half way down the ridge. the cowboy is clean shaven through out the rest of the film. sometime between the gun fight and the ride down the mountain the cowboy has had time to shave, in dark, on the back of a horse.to be fair, the acting by the four main characters is solid.

was sort of enjoying this movie until the issues of ed norton's facial hair. without revealing any plot details--on one afternoon he was sporting a light beard but by the same evening the beard was gone and a very luxuriant moustache was in place. it was much fuller than the moustache that went with the beard. later on, in the course of a dark night in the open the moustache was gone and he appeared cleans haven. this was on an occasion where stopping to shave wouldn't be an option. these continuity discrepancies totally distracted me from the rest of the movie and ruined any credibility it had previously had. also, i found the lengthy scene of the cowboy alone in his bedroom was way too reminiscent of de niro in taxi driver. even if it was meant to be an homage it was laid on too thickly for this viewer.

the longer this film went on-and it seemed to tediously go on for ever- the more annoyed i became, as quite frankly, what a waste of time sitting through this total nonsense. how on earth do people get to make films like this,or indeed receive finance for such rubbish? don't be fooled by the relatively high ratings on imdb as it just proves you can fool some of the people all the time. and in this picture the main players have an obsession with guns, so it is not difficult to work out the way this movie will ultimately unfold. america can never understand that the rest of the world finds it bizarre how society in the usa has such an obscene and fatal 'gun culture'. anyhow:the lead actor portrays a loser who escapes into a fantasy world of being a cowboy in an urban sprawl.he comes across a family with two spoiled brat children, a teenage girl and boy; taken care of by a strict single parent father who can barely cope. the cowboy is seduced by the teenage girl or vice-versa, and the impressionable boy is seemingly taken in by the lunacy of the loser.the cowboy spends the whole time in a state of unreality and depression.a total loser who prefers to go to the beach then work for living, and then commits a burglary on his family as he is too lazy to make money legally.ask yourself:who wants to watch either a sad failed loser in a fantasy world holding a death wish, or indeed view a poor family who are in effect not much better than white trash?!this film is pointless drivel.it only saves itself from getting the lowest mark possible by some half listen able music:2/10.

i saw this film in my cinema class. i am glad that i did not pay to see it. i came into it with an open mind, and was even a little excited. i really enjoy ed norton and evan rachel wood, and the rest of the cast was interesting. i just never connected with this movie. the acting was great, the cinematography was interesting, but the storyline, or rather, lack thereof, was a problem. there was no central, connecting theme to the movie. was it a romance between norton and wood? well, no, not really. was it a western? kind of, but no. i'm all for twists in movies, i recently saw "brick" and loved it, but the place that this movie went was just too out there. it was so weird, and if i weren't required to have sat through the whole film, i would have walked out. the writing wasn't terrible, but it was just all over the place. by the time this movie ended, i was just left terribly confused and wishing that it had ended sooner. there was just something about this film that didn't resonate, i understand more offbeat films like "fight club", but i just did not care about the characters at all.

when i first saw the trailer for prom night, i have to admit, the trailer looked good and like this would be a fun horror movie. so my friend and i saw prom night last night and i have to say i must be growing up because this was such a ridicules film, not to mention i am so sick and tired of the typical horror slasher movies with the loud noises as an excuse to scare people. there was no tension, the characters, how was i supposed to care about them? they had no development what-so-ever, the killer?! oh, my god, this was very possibly the most stupid serial killer that has ever existed, i know it's a film, but why would a man who never(or at least we know of) killed any one before, kill a girl's family and friends that he's just obsessed over? i mean, was he going to kidnap her or was he going to kill her? i have no idea, because this film made no sense and is too predictable and insulting to true fans of horror.donna's family was just brutally murdered by her teacher, who has become very obsessed over her, he was captured and put in jail. it's been 3 years and she's just now getting some peace in her life, she's even going to her senior prom. but the killer has escaped and still has donna on his mind, he follows her to her prom which means bad news for her friends, and the hotel maid, and the bell boy, because it is such a good idea to kill the maid and bell boy so no one become suspicious enough to check to see where these employee's are. donna is in big trouble because also this killer who is clearly human can apparently get into houses un-noticed and can kill people so silently, just, wow.i'm sorry, i really did want to love this movie, we haven't had a good slasher flick in a long time, but this was just a stupid movie that i was not impressed with. just the situations were unbelievable and the actors were obnoxious. i know that this was a pg-13 movie, but i just love how someone was brutally stabbed to death and they only have just a little blood on their clothes? not to mention no stab holes? i wouldn't recommend this movie for anyone unless you're a teen, this movie was made for the teenagers, not adults, and not for those who know a real horror movie, no offense to those who did enjoy this film, but i don't understand how anyone could.2/10

this film really got off to a great start. it had the potential to turn into a really heartrending, romantic love story with cinematography that recorded the love between "harlan" and tobe in long, poetic and idyllic scenes. it really didn't need to be anything more than that, and for a moment there i became excited that someone was finally making a beautiful film for its own sake, another timeless classic, a modern myth perhaps. why, oh why, then mess it up halfway through by making the lead character (norton)another psycho? maybe i'm missing the point, but do we really need another film about psychos? or is this need in hollywood to portray the sick side of human nature indicative of a more general malaise in the movie industry? for a moment there, i was going to make a mental note of the director's name; now i'm left feeling indifferent. at least it should be added in the film's defense that all the actors seemed to invest in their roles. also, evan rachel wood is really lovely to look at and a good actress with lots of potential.

i felt this movie started out well. the acting was spot on and i felt for all the characters situation, even though the true family unit was not completely revealed. we never got enough info on the father to truly feel his pain for his whole involvement or the build up for his animosity with tobe. i mean in one scene you see him admiring her for tensity and in another scene he just about takes her head off. another problem with the movie was it just unraveled and lost all focus by the end, and i was begging for it to just be over with. any movie with such a long drawn out , and painful ending should never get an automatic rating of 7 or above just for the acting. we are looking at the over all quality of the movie experience. in the case of this movie the end is so bad i seriously contemplated just walking out of the theater. this movie pulled me in then just spit me out.

i'm 47 years old and i've spent as much of my life as i can remember, a fan of horror and sci-fi films. be they silent, black and white, no budget or big budget, there are very few of them that i can't find something to like about. that said, i'll give this movie credit for good gore and creature effects but that's all. this is a case of effects over story. truth is we live in a time where there is very little left that hasn't been seen in a horror film. therefor for a film of any kind to really entertain it must have a good, original story. a good story can overcome poor effects and bad acting but a bad story with good acting and good effects is still a bad movie. this movie doesn't even have good acting, only good effects. so unless you can only about the gore, pass this one up.

my first clue about how bad this was going to be was when the video case said it was from the people who brought us blair witch project which was a masterpiece in comparison to this piece of garbage. the acting was on the caliber of a 6th grade production of oklahoma and the plot, such as there was, is predictable, boring and inane. 85% of the script is four letter words and innumerable variations on them. mother f seems to be the "writer's" favorite because it is used constantly. it must have taken all of 10 minutes to write this script in some dive at last call. thank god i rented it and could jump through most of it on fast forward. don't waste your time or money with this.

i'd have to admit that the draw of this movie is director eduardo sanchez, who helmed the wildly popular and successful blair witch project. besides, this is an alien movie of sorts, and sounded something like stephen king's dreamcatchers, one of those movies that the critics hated, but i enjoyed.but nope, unfortunately i felt that for the most parts, altered is a waste of time, so i shall keep this review short. premises are always promising, and altered's no different. it tells the story of a group of men who experienced strange encounters when they were younger, and as usual, others will take you as a nutcase imagining stuff. stories about alien abduction always have to deal with probes into the orifices, so i shall not go into details, but you get the drift it's damn uncomfortable, and something you'd like to forget.what if you're given a chance for revenge? that is, you manage to successfully hunt down, and capture one alive. what will you do? for this group, it's a gleeful payback time, or so they thought. and this is where the movie begins to develop into a snoozefest, with bad, uninspiring dialogue, and even worse acting. even if it's low budgeted, there aren't many redeeming factors, be it strength of storyline, or any help from the cast in making their characters just a tad interesting. it's the standard cardboard fare from a vanilla plain script, coupled with some cheap scare tactics employed.what's good though is the makeup. much effort has been put into making some of the stuff which i shan't mention, because that'll spoil just the few elements of what makes this movie tolerable. other than that, there are the usual cheap special effects, blood and gory moments which is nothing you've never seen before.watch this only as a last resort. compared to the other monster movie in town - feast, this one is less fun, and takes itself too seriously. bogged down by an uninspiring direction, you've been warned.

this weekend just passed i watched "28 weeks later" which was very good. after that i watched this film. i have tell you it is one of the most boring so called horror you could ever watch. the scenes were unrealistic, there was no script and no plot. the alien creature was unreal. and the fight scenes mild compared to a school yard fight. and to make it worse the guy named cody had an uncontrollable loose filthy tongue which distracts attention from the main film.forget about this movie; rather go and watch 28 weeks later.cheers, mesake c.

i might not have been the biggest blair witch fan but nonetheless appreciated that effort, so i was looking forward to altered, especially after reading the superlatives thrown around in various imdb comments. "unique", "intelligent", "a future cult classic" and so on... you gotta wonder where people come up with that stuff to describe such a poor effort.because alas, altered is a poor, weak movie that fails to engage in any and every respect. the silliness is not funny. the horror and gore is not scary. and whatever "thinking" aspect some poor fellows saw in this movie were due to severe delusions because there's certainly nothing profound or smart about this mess.ok, so we know nothing stands out. is it at least bearable? is the experience worthwhile in any way? unfortunately, no. for starters, get very poor acting. it's not a stretch to say most b-movies these days feature better acting. the plot? boring and messy. dialogs? many amateurs actually do better.it's really the direction that puzzles. i did not expect major improvements over blair witch but at least small steps forward. instead, our director seems to have worsen over time, completely oblivious to previous experiences.if there is a major flaw in altered, it's the main set. a major part of the plot takes place in a single location, where the main characters are confined but sánchez has failed to give the place any personality whatsoever. considering that in blair witch, the forest plays a major part and is as much a character (an antagonist, if you will) as the three students, you would think the director would realize the same thing was needed here. but no... this place has no personality whatsoever thanks to sloppy direction and no attention to details.there's nothing salvageable here. die hard fans of "blair witch" are better off following daniel myrick. although his output is far from being golden, it shows better structure than sánchez and some lessons from blair witch are applied (unfortunately, in weak stories but still).

after reading the first 5 reviews on imdb i was very enthusiastic about this movie. but it's really an awful movie, the total time you see the alien is about 5 minutes (the rest of the movie is cheap suspense), the acting is over the top en the story, oh boy, which story?the story doesn't seem to go in a direction, first they capture the alien (after 7 years! they finally succeed), then they don't know what to do with it (after 7 years?) and even want to release it (why the hell did they capture it?). then the girlfriend, who's acting is the most over the top, wants to walk away from this madness, then suddenly she doesn't, then again, she does and then she doesn't. then they come to the conclusion that killing the alien will kill the whole human race (and remember, in all those years no other human have seen these permanently settled aliens) and what do they do? they torture it and blow a bunch of aliens to peaces.this is my first review on imdb, i'm a very lazy person who doesn't write very soon, so listen to my warning: this move is not worth your time, don't watch this movie.

this is a copy of the 1948 doris day classic, romance on the high seas.the story line is more or less same but is contemporary. govinda plays a sharp witted fellow who replaces the husband on the trip. while rani plays the college friend of the wife who does her the same favour. they ostensibly try to catch each other out while the actual husband and wife tries to trip each other in bombay.on the trip, govinda mistakes another girl for sanjiv's wife and spies on her while falling in love with the ravishing rani.lever plays a dual role of father and son both lawyers specialising in divorce proceedings. they are pitted against each other for the warring couple.it is a poor attempt at copying the original classics and the songs are quite appalling. the comedy is slap-stick and will not make one laugh too much.

manoj agrawal after the failure of pardesi babu(1998) returned with this filmthe film has govinda in 8-9 roles, as his father, mother, grandfather, sister and later-on he also has disguises he in short is a useless detective send on a case by his friend to get proofs against his wife, whose photos he looses at the airport while flirting with ranihe disguises as a sardarji in the plane and again as a girl the funny part is how easily and in short time he does that?then he disguises as a french singer and enters a tv to get proofs lol and then as a maharashtrian(yes inside the tv itself) the rest of the film has the same mistaken identities and ends on a predictable note there are some funny scenes like govinda being bashed by an african and also many other portions direction by manoj agrawal is okay music is okayamongst actors govinda again proves he is one of the most watchable actors he as usual is fantastic though he has done such roles before he fits in all the get ups and roles too well here again though the much hyped 6-7 roles don't actually fit in the film rani looks fat, teams up well with govinda thatz it she is nothing great and kept doing such type of roles amongst rest nirmal pandey is as usual johny lever is too loud at times and funny in places in 1 role and irritates as the older tinnu anand is okay satish kaushik is hilarious, paresh is okay tanaaz is okay

so, prom night was supposed to be a horror and thriller movie. i'm a big wuss and was scared to see this movie at the beginning, but upon seeing it, it is neither horror or thriller.i was basically making fun of the movie in my seat because it was so predictable. you could predict what was going to happen next. the young actors were alright at playing their characters, but i'd have to say the killer was definitely at the top of the game - acting wise.yes, i'll give props for the plot because it was good, but it's not thrilling or scary. there were almost zero "jump-in-your-seat" scenes. so, don't waste ten dollars seeing it in theatres, wait 'til it comes to dvd.

wow, what a snoozer. definately one of bacon's worst films. the bad acting coupled with a formulatic, if not incredulous, script make me yearn for time i wasted on viewing this on cable television back. not really much i can say about it, a basketball scout gets too attached to the person he's recruiting, who happens to belong to a tribe that happens to be on the verge of war which happens to be decided by (spoiler) a basketball game. grade: f+

i don't know why, but when i am asked about bad movies i have seen, i often think of "the air up there". i know that technically, lots of movies are horrible compared to it, and i have seen worse acting. it's just that it's so bland, so predictable. in a word: mediocre.

this comedy is really not funny. it' a romance that plays so much on stereotypes it makes no impact. it's a caper film so derivative -- yes, even back then -- it has no snap.the cast is adequate. more than that it's hard to say. however, what's nice is that the players are unfamiliar. at mgm, this would have starred robert montgomery. the wife of a businessman with no time for anything but work could have been any number of actresses.we can be grateful that this little known film is peopled by performers mostly unknown today. and the production values aren't awful. yet it makes no real impression.it's a generic knockoff. and who wants that?

i'm glad the folks at imdb were able to decipher what genre this film falls into. i had a suspicion it was trying to be a comedy, but since it also seems to want to be a dark and solemn melodrama i wasn't sure. for a comedy it is amazingly bereft of even the slightest venture into the realms of humour - right up until the ridiculous "twist" ending, which confirms what an utter waste of time the whole movie actually is. it is hard to describe just how amateurish the hazing really is. did anyone involved in this film have any idea at all what they were supposed to be doing? actually worth watching so that you can stare at the screen in slack-jawed disbelief at how terrible it is.

this should be re-titled "the curious case of the unscrupulous filmmakers who misrepresented a non-horror snorer as a shock film." it's one long, boring tale of a fraternity hazing, a gag so transparent that even flounder from delta house could see through it. jeff east, an actor in the dues-paying stage, can be forgiven for taking any work he could get. the same can't be said for charles martin smith, who formerly acted for such cinematic heavyweights as george lucas and sam peckinpah. once available on tape but, thankfully, not out on dvd. misrepresented garbage like this belongs in a landfill and nowhere else.

although the movie takes place at an "ivy league" college, it was in fact shot entirely in northern arizona, mostly at northern arizona university in flagstaff in the fall of 1976. i was involved in the theater department there, and most of the extras in the film are then-members of the theater department. there is an absolutely ludicrous scene in this film (if you know your arizona geography) that shows several cast members riding bikes from the college to a creek. we nau'ers know that the campus and said creek (actually oak creek canyon) are about 35 miles apart, and while the trip there is all downhill, it would be literally impossible to ride a bike back up that same road!

there is not a speck of entertainment in this entire film. there's not one scary, funny, or even interesting scene in this film. it advertises itself as a horror, then goes on to call itself a comedy. it doesn't even attempt humor. neither does it attempt to be scary.in order to not be bored by this film, you would have to be one of the most easily entertained people on earth. if you like this movie even a little bit than you have no standard for what you watch at all. i'm having a very difficult time trying to understand what the filmmakers were trying to accomplish with this. its not funny, scary, shocking, or intriguing. so was it supposed to be a drama? because it really wasn't dramatic either.please just do yourself a favor and don't watch this film. life is too precious to be wasting 90 minutes of it watching this.

"the hazing" is one of them films i always wanted to see solely based on the illustrated cover image here on imdb. yes, that's how shallow i am! i don't care if ten million people call it a crap movie, the poster looks awesome so i guess i'll just have to see it  now, "the hazing" can somewhat be described like its alternate title: curious! the poster and title make it sound like a genuine horror movie set on campus and dealing with sinister initiation rites, but this movie is actually more of a crossbreed between comedy and thriller. first of all, there's something very wrong with the tagline on the old vhs box i watched. it says: he had good grades, a good girl and good buddies  until they put him through the hazing". that's not the case, actually. protagonist gilbert lewis is finally accepted by an acclaimed campus through an athletics scholarship. it takes over half the movie before we even hear about his girlfriend back home and the only "buddy" he has is a very nerdy charles martin smith (still with hair in this film). both of them are approached to become members of the prestigious "delts" fraternity, but during their hazing exam  in which they have to descend a mountain dressed in their tidy white undies  barney falls off a cliff and breaks his leg. when lewis returns with the other frat boys, barney froze to death already. together they intended to keep the body frozen for five days and then claim he never returned from a weekend ski-trip. with barney's body hidden in the cafeteria freezer, lewis has to cover for him so that barney's absence doesn't look suspicious. the set-up of "the hazing" is quite original and potentially innovative, but the problem here is that the execution could easily have been a lot better. the tone is too steady and too serious for a comedy movie, even a black one, but on the other hand there aren't any proper attempts to build up suspense or thrills, neither. the soundtrack is cheerful and full of light-headed tunes, but that's nearly not enough to make this film a comedy. around an hour into the film, the plot also runs out of steam and idea, and the makers have no better alternative to fill up the emptiness with romantic compilations of lewis and his outer town girlfriend biking through the countryside. i didn't like the final twist, because it's quite implausible and because it has been done numerous times before and after (though admittedly after). "the hazing" is not a complete waste of time, but still i'm glad i found an ex-rental tape at a friend's house instead of having to spend any money on the recently released dvd.

this movie is pretty awful but i have some interesting information about it:it was filmed in 1976 at northern arizona university in flagstaff, az, as well as at oak creek canyon near sedona, az. a good bulk of the extras in the film are then-drama students from nau. i was a freshman there that year, minoring in theatre, but for some reason i didn't get involved with the production. i did however know several people who did and can supply this rather odd fact:there is a scene in this movie where two of the principals, as part of their hazing ritual, have to run naked into the woods. they are seen from behind in the movie, doing just that. the thing is, those aren't the actors at all but two guys i knew from the theatre department. the identity of these "stunt posteriors" will remain anonymous, at least to this website, unless they decide to, um, "reveal" themselves!

i can only assume that the other reviewers of this "film" are stockholders in the production company, as this was quite possibly the worst movie i've seen in the last five years. from the opening shot of a rabbi laughing uncontrollably for no apparent reason, it was clear that the actors in this film would kill to be considered "b-level." both my wife and i were in a great mood before starting this film, and we were genuinely looking forward to a funny popcorn movie. we knew we hadn't rented citizen kane, and we weren't expecting to see the most amazing movie ever. however, after 40 minutes of enduring the most painfully unfunny bit of garbage i've ever seen, we shut it off instead of wasting another minutes of our lives.if a "comedy" with no laughs, terrible acting, thin plot and annoying characters are your thing, then this film is for you. honestly, troll 2 is better--at least i laughed at the popcorn sex scene.i cannot justify writing a longer review of this picture because i've already wasted almost an hour trying to find one joke.

i am the guy who usually keeps opinions to himself, but i just got back from this movie, and felt i had to express my opinions. let me start by saying that i am a huge horror fan. but what makes a horror movie? i sure like to see even a tiny bit of a good script and character development. i know they often lack in horror movies, but prom night looked like it didn't even put forth any effort in that department. next, we all love suspense. that on the edge of your seat suspense with unpredictable surprises. yeah, prom night had none of that! of course, we like a terrifying killer. prom night have that? nope, it has a pretty boy with a cute lil' knife. and when all else fails...at least horror has its guilty pleasure to make it enjoyable like gore gore gore, and the occasional nude scene! yeah, well when you have a horror movie rated pg-13 like prom night, they leave that stuff out too. so with all of these elements missing, i ask....does this still count as a horror movie? nope. i'd call it more of a comedy. people in my theater were laughing more at this then they were when i saw "semi-pro" that was supposed to actually be a comedy (which also sucked, but thats another story!). i think i am just going to have to give up on new horror. all the good horror movies of the good ol' days have been remade into garbage so movie studios can make money. the people i went to see it with didn't even know this was a remake! which made me mad! i wonder what will happen when there's no more movies to remake??? where will horror go next???

i sat down to watch this movie with my friends with very low expectations. my expectations were no where near low enough. i honestly could not tell what genre this movie was from watching it, and if it was a comedy, the humor was completely missed. the plot was nonexistent and the acting was horrendous. my friends and i managed to watch approximately 30 to 40 minutes of this film before we turned it off and promptly begged the video store to take it back. i do not recommend this movie to anyone unless you are purposely trying to watch the worst movies of all time. i honestly don't know how this film lasted more than a day in theatres and moreover i can not understand why anyone would willing watch it, considering not only it's very uninteresting title but also the lack of any famous actors/actresses in it's cast. this review is not a joke and i honestly think this could possibly be the worst movie ever made. it's certainly the worst movie i've ever had to sit through.

my eyes! in the name of god and all that is holy make me unsee this movie! what drugs are you people on! this could very well be the worst movie ever! i felt like i was on a bad acid trip the whole time, i need to call a therapist to help me deal with the trauma of this epic disaster. from start to finish glow ropes is an unholy masterpiece of satanic cinema. when i thought to watch this movie with my jewish best friend and his family we thought "oh hey, this may be funny! it will probably be bad but still a little funny" how wrong we were, we were not prepared for how awful this movie could be. all of my friends lined up for lobotomies as soon as the film was over, and during the course of the movie, one of my friends attempted to hang himself with his belt while another tried to slit his wrists with a wooden spoon. i wish i had watched the video from the ring instead, that way the pain and suffering would be over in only seven short days. for all who wish to see this movie, you are not prepared! you may think you are some sort of "tough guy" by renting this but this movie will break you, push you to the ground and urinate on you.

during a sleepless night, i was switching through the channels & found this embarrassment of a movie. what were they thinking?if this is life after "remote control" for kari (wuhrer) salin, no wonder she's gone nowhere.and why did david keith take this role? it's pathetic!anyway, i turned on the movie near the end, so i didn't get much of the plot. but this must've been the best part. this nerdy college kid brings home this dominatrix-ish girl...this scene is straight out of the comic books -- or the cheap porn movies. she calls the mother anal retentive and kisses the father "oh, i didn't expect tongue!" great lines!after this, i had to see how it ended..well, of course, this bitch from hell has a helluva past, so the swat team is upstairs. and yes...they surround her! and yes yes! the kid blows her brains out!!!! ahahhahahaha!!this is must-see tv. 

run away from this movie. even by b-movie standards this movie is dreadful. it is also insidious in it's theme. the main theme is that people who reject society and have no respect for anything are cool and worth admiring. people who treat others with respect are losers. guncrazy is a movie that speaks for the disenfranchised a lot better than this movie, see it instead.no normal kid would do what trent does. state troopers do not work as they do in this film etc. seeing this movie makes you realize why writers use the hooker-with-a-heart-of-gold cliche. mija is a completely unsympathetic hooker,who yes, has had a terrible life. however, she is such a terrible person the audience cannot identify with her.usually there is one thing a movie can be recommended for, in this case there is none. it is such a ridiculous movie it insults the person who tries to identify with the main characters. the acting is adequate by b-movie standards and the direction presents nothing new or interesting.

i actually had hopes for this movie since i've seen kari in a few other things and think she has some talent. alas, this dud is a case study in what not to do in a screenplay. completely undefined characters without a shred of likeability, and no plot whatsoever. is it a road/buddy/comedy/thriller/romance/drama? the filmmakers don't have a clue, and neither do we.

i've had a thing for this kari chick for a while, and as far as how she looked in this movie, no complaints. but after catching it last night in high definition, i am certain: that's the only thing in the movie that isn't substandard. the script is horrible, the acting is horrible, the direction is horrible. i saw in another comment someone commenting on how great the sex scenes were...what? not at all. when a movie is this bad you might as well just turn it into softcore porn, but instead i get to see some pasty white dude blocking me from seeing wuhrer's body and scenes that offer me nothing except a tease. they should have just gone cinemax so that the movie wasn't a complete waste of time, but no. with a script this awful they should've capitalized on wuhrer's looks, since that's the lone pro of the movie. 2/10, only because she looked so hot.

(there are spoilers) homicidal nymphomaniac hooker miya, kari wuhrer,takes over the life and car of 18 virgin, even though he's too embarrassed to admit it, collage freshmen trent colbert, kristoffer ryan. by the end of the movie myia not only deflowers but give poor innocent and naive trent a lesson in how to spot a dangerous nut job and keep as far away for him, or her,in order to keep from ending up turning into one. hanging around a trucker rest-stop miya is picked up by roy, burt young, for some hot and heavy action, in the back seat of his buggy. roy is either too drunk or stupid to realize that miya is non other then his estranged daughter! outraged that miya is reluctant to get it on with him roy almost strangles her to death only to be interrupted by first year collage student trent colbert who plows into the rest-area side swiping one of the truckers. seeing her chance miya jumps into trent's car and the two are off in what turns out to be the weirdest car chase ever put into a movie. going all across the north eastern usa the two end up involved in a truck car smash-up a murder and a shootout with the state troopers that then leads to trent's parents home, with them being held hostage. it's there that there's another wild shootout between the crazed miya with an entire swat team reinforced by the local police and state troopers. you would expect a movie like "hit and run" to be intentionally or unintentionally funny but it's not. in fact the film is very disturbing in how miya treats everyone in the film that she comes in contact with even her perverted and child-molesting father roy. getting trent to drive her all over the north-east miya gets the poor slob drunk having it on with him in a motel room, together with whips handcuffs and a lighted candle. miya also gets it on with the motel owner the horny mr. foster by tricking him into giving her his gun, as being part of some weird sex game. after holding foster up she takes off with trent's, who out cold in his motel room, wallet with some $400.00 in it yet doesn't bother to drive away with his car. needing the money to pay for gas to get home to his parents for thanksgiving trent gets a call on his cellphone from miya to pick her up at a local diner to get his money back. like the jerk that he is trent picks up miya, who's now a fugitive from he law, and later gets involved with her father roy on the open highway as he tries to run both trent & miya off the road. the chase ends up in this deserted wear-house that roy chases miya,out running him on a muddy road in high-heels, into with him getting it in the you know where with a blast from his own shotgun. roy was so busy trying to take his pants off that he forgot he left the gun unattended. with both a holdup and murder, as well as a hit and run, charge against them the two desperadoes stop off at a s&m/tattoo boutique where trent gets his ear and nose pierced and is dressed up in leather and chains, by myri, together with a matching his and hers dog collar. this in order to meet his straight-laced and conservative parents for thanksgiving dinner. having a running shootout with the state troopers, with one of them ending up badly injured,the two fugitives from the law end up at trent's parents mr & mrs colbet, david keith & elaine martyn home with the entire local police force, with a swat team, waiting for them there. obnoxious movie with a truly disturbing final ending that made you wonder what exactly the movie was trying,if at all, to tell it's audience. you felt a lot of sympathy for miya at first but as the movie rolled along to it's downbeat ending that evaporated as fast as a tray of ice cubs in death valley. even though roy was the most unlikable person in the movie at first by the time the film ended miya totally eclipsed him.

crazed shotgun toting-incest driven-revenge seeking truck drivers & obsessive control disorder "daddy raped me when i was 12" handcuff carrying, all latex wearing prostitutes is just a few of the character you will be introduced to in this complete disgrace of a movie that can easily be viewed on any cable tv station (ie: skinemax) at 4am on sunday nights. (and yes i know that was an entire sentence, but bare with me people; this is a long-winded review for a short pointless film).filmed in "somewhere" canada, with almost no budget, the plot to this freak show is trite, the police in it obviously never heard of "state jurisdiction" because they end up chasing both miya (hookers) and trent (idiotic, anal retentive, generic, insecure college student) all across the u.s. (and i thought only the fbi could do that). the camera is shaky, the sex scenes are mediocre and the acting is so bad it might actually cause unintentional acid flashbacks to movies like "ishtar" and "leonard part 6".as far as the skin scenes go (which is the only reason to even rent this movie, don't even think of buying it) there are two of them. the first one is the only one worth watching though which is the dominatrix sex scene with kari salin and ____(insert unknown actor here, he's obviously done nothing else worth noting) in a seedy, disgusting motel room (the kind with the busted sink that drips, and the soda machine outside that only has blue tonic water left in it). it's all s&m (riding crops, handcuffs, hot wax, and underwear licking) folks and in the end, he gets left in a motel room, with no money and cops waiting at his door (that's goes to show you guys, don't let a hooker tie you up in a "middle-of-nowhere" motel room). sadly though, kari shows no skin worth remembering, and that alone can cause deep-seeded traumatic experiences for some gentlemen, so that is definitely a downer towards this flick.as for the ending, *snicker*snicker* i know you probably wouldn't mind if i revealed it to you but i won't, you should spend your hard earned money for that one. all in all i give it a 1/5 for action, a 3/5 for skin (see last paragraph) and a 0/0 for acting, character development or intricate plot twists.- laughing man

to say funky forest: the first contact is a bad movie is an understatement of incredible proportions. i can really get into a good art house film, even a surreal and twisted romp like el topo, naked lunch, and survive style 5+, because those movies actually have something worth discussing when the credits roll.fffc attempts at every avenue to be this deep and intellectual, essentially there is no substance in this movie. this movie is badly done, the visuals in this movie are not inspiring, the dialog is worse, the musical numbers destroy this movie.. i chuckled for guitar brothers, but that was immediately wiped out by something completely unnecessary, and irrelevant. it attempted to be deep and meaningful i think, but its just pretentious disoriented nonsense. freshman film students without a camera could craft something more interesting.guitar brothers and the stand up routines in between skits get 1 point each, everything else is just badly paced, pseudo-creative, heavy handed attempts at being as good as films by other real directors like, sogo ishii, david lynch, and jodoworsky. give me a break. i am convinced that people that rave about fffc are doing so because they have no idea of what they saw, because it was nothing but mild pertinent statements here and there mixed with stupidity and blended until you puke on your own shoes.this movie was an extreme disappointment, coming off the high that was survive style 5+, a film that actually has meaning, combined with excellent use of scenery, cinematography, catchy dialog, funny moments, good soundtrack, excellent performances, fantastic pacing and flow. fffc features the exact opposite in every way, boring scenery (20 minutes staring at a bland beach at night? a completely white stage? alien balls floating in white space? a dinky school hallway and then a... school hallway?), terrible cinematography, forgettable dialog, nothing funny or humorous, save the fact you just wasted your life for two hours, soundtrack?, amateurish performances, uneven, disjointed, and often flat out dragging pacing, zero flow whatsoever.there are those that claim this is what makes fffc a great movie, that it is so unconventional at every turn that its pure genius. this is simply a way to stroke your own ego it seems, because "unpredictable" could be a good quality for a film if it wasn't coupled with "boring", "innane", and "terrible". personally i have spoken with two people who admitted to me that fffc was terrible when they left the theater, but overwhelming rave by art-house elitist made them watch the movie again and then come back to me with a... "hey it was pretty good i liked it".i'm going to put my foot down, this movie is slop, i don't care if roger ebert says this film is the best thing he's ever watched since he lost his own virginity. "the emperor's new cloak" i say... this movie is no way indicative of the other psychedelic/trippy films to come from japan in the last 10 years. taste of tea, party 7, and kamikaze girls are much better movies (even with a low budget), and none can honestly compare with survive style 5+. watch fffc only if your interested in making a pretentious pile of nothing on a shoestring budget.

"algie, the miner" is one bad and unfunny silent comedy. the timing of the slapstick is completely off. this is the kind of humor with certain sequences that make you wonder if they're supposed to be funny or not. however, the actual quality of the film is irrelevant. this is mandatory viewing for film buffs mainly because its one of the earliest examples of gay cinema. the main character of algie is an effeminate guy, acting much like the stereotypical "pansy" common in many early films. the film has the homophobic attitude common of the time. "algie, the miner" is pretty awful, but fascinating from a historical viewpoint. (3/10)

prom night is about a girl named donna (brittany snow) who is being chased by a psycho killer trying to kill her at her prom night. and by doing so killing her family, friends, and her enemies. now before i begin let me say have you been tired of pg-13 horror movies that haven't been scary lately. are you tired of stupid girl dialog 'oh my god' and talking about girlish things. and are you really tired of girls in relationships and then crying. and the last thing are you tired of the us remaking asian, japanese, and chinese films. that pretty much sums up prom night but i'm still not done with the review.the only reason to see 'prom night' is to crack a laugh at the kills. if not, don't see prom night. you never see the kills an only hear screaming and you see some blood on the wall. and by the way the deaths are repeating like 24/7. so not only aren't they scary but it's obnoxious. by the time i met the cast i think i was ready to hurl. too much girl talk, too much guy talk, and lots of 'oh my gosh. it's our prom'. i understand it's fun but seriously is it too much to ask not to concentrate. if i were to put prom night on the list of worst films of 2008 without seeing the other films i'd be the first one too. i'm not going to be surprised if it gets released on dvd for cheap and quick. seriously don't spend your money or the time for dull acting, cheap scares, and a 'night to die for' when watching the film.1 star out of 10. (p.s. if i could give the film zero stars i would).

is there a movement more intolerant and more judgmental than the environmentalist movement? to a budding young socialist joining the circus must seem as intimidating as joining a real circus. even though such people normally outsource their brain to hollywood for these important issues, the teachings of hollywood can often seem fragmented and confusing. fortunately ed is here to teach neo-hippies in the art of envirojudgementalism.here you'll learn the art of wagging your finger in the face of anyone without losing your trademark smirk. you'll learn how to shrug off logic and science with powerful arguments of fear. you'll learn how to stop any human activity that does not interest you by labeling it as the gateway to planetary armageddon.in addition to learning how to lie with a straight face you'll also learn how to shrug off accusations that are deflected your way no matter how much of a hypocrite you are. you'll be able to use as much energy as al gore yet while having people treat you as if you were amish.in the second season was even more useful as we were able to visit other hollywood gods, holy be thy names, and audit - i.e. judge - their lifestyles. note: this is the only time it's appropriate for an envirofascist to judge another because it allows the victim the chance to buy up all sorts of expensive and trendy eco-toys so that they can wag their finger in other people's faces.what does ed have in store for us in season three? maybe he'll teach us how to be judgmental while sleeping!

i have been an environmentalist for years and was really looking forward to this show. i had it set to record all episodes because i thought i could really learn some great new things. i probably could if i could get past rachelle.i'm sure a lot of this is staged to seem like a reality show and appeal to that class of viewer. it doesn't work for someone who's really interested in improving the planet.this show should be called nagging with rachelle.since ed is such a great font of information, maybe a second show that's really serious about the environment would be a good idea. dumbing things down is not necessary for some of us. i no longer record episodes or watch the show, but do let me know if a real green show may be in the works.

i can't figure out who greenlighted this thing! it has no redeeming qualities, none, nada, zip, zilch.the acting was bad. the directing was bad. the writing was bad. the plot was bad. the music was bad. the editing was bad. ....well, at least the filmmakers were consistent.

i noticed that this film has taken the brunt of a lot of insults. it probably earned some of them, but it wasn't that bad. well, i'll be honest: i never want to see this film again. it was a bad film. but i don't hate this film, it tried to tell a story. as a drama, this film could work very well actually. i just think the filmmakers misgauged which road to take when they made this (they should have added more funny bits if they wanted it to be a comedy). with a rewrite, it could have been a great film. but as a satire, it didn't work in its current form -- many scenes did not fit within the context of the plot: for example, the robbery scene makes little sense in the story. still, it wasn't the worst independent film ever made -- is it in the top 10 worst? that's debatable.

this is just a terrible 'comedy' -- it really is a bad film. there are no funny elements. no jokes that are funny. i don't know how some people can claim this dismal short film could be 'smartest' or 'quality.' perhaps if its the only film that a person has seen you can make that claim of the brothers. but, i have seen thousands of better films: namely leonard part six (now, that's funny)! i don't know how the brothers is even considered eligible to be listed on the internet movie database: its more like a home video than an actual film.jokes aside, just skip this film. a root canal is more enjoyable that this cliche-ridden unfunny material.

this film is just a shame. orlando, florida seems to becoming a more recognized filmmaking area (like vancouver's rise to prominance). the brothers was shot in central florida and this short film is a bit of a setback for the area (which made great strides with the indie film walking across africa and the great hbo miniseries from earth to the moon).i will try to be as honest as possible. i think orlando was the perfect place to film the brothers. it had the potential to give a new spin on the 'boy band' craze. after all, both n'sync and the backstreet boys come from this area. but, the brothers falls short probably because of a weak script. both lead characters are flat with almost no development (part of this could be the amatuer actors, but some of it is certainly the way the script was written).also a problem is the choice of jokes. many of the jokes are too repetitive (they do come off funny the first time, but it does grow to be a bit boring). some of the 'concert' scenes are staged poorly (and many of these scenes also don't seem to move the story along in any way).i had high hopes for this one, but alas its a disappointing effort. i also hope the best for the upcoming feature based on this short. but i think the best thing for filmmaker john figg is to move to different genres (quickly). comedy isn't his strong suit. but, its indisputable that he definitely is one of the more prominant filmmakers in the orlando area (its just a shame that right now he's infamous, not famous).

i saw this move several years ago at the central florida film festival if i recall. i liked it, it showed great potential. i guess most people here are blasting this film because the film did seem hobbled together (by the filmmaker's own admission on the official site -- the short was exhibited as a "rough-cut").but nonetheless, it was an easy-going comedy. i think many people try to read far too much into a comedy. all they are supposed to do is make you laugh -- that's all. i did just that at its showing, so it succeeded on that level. just my 2 cents anyway.

please make me forget. please. please. this is the worst film i have ever had the misfortune to watch. i consider the film an insult to my brain as well as my backside who both have suffered from me sitting and watching this film. i have yet to see what damage it has caused my sight and my ability to complete sentences. what a load of garbage!! and don't get me started about the acting... someone please help me forget!! "weird science" -- come back!! everything is forgiven...i am "proud" to give this film the first 1 here at imdb... and i've voted for hundreds of films... many of them c**p but this is so bad i can't even believe it. someone actually came up with the idea and thought it was worthy of becoming a film? someone actually read the script and decided to produce the film? someone read the script and auditioned for it? someone saw the film and decided *not* to put it on a shelf to collect dust for eternity? *these* are the questions i want answers to. not the philosophical question about that tree in the woods and well, you know...

turn your backs away or you're gonna get in big trouble out of my boyfriend's back! only a happy ending can bloom your innocence that is full of gloom and doom at the very moment you're watching this. it's safe to say that the entire movie falls apart, with a sarcastic approach and tribute to zombie shows that defy nonsense to the max. we get a name like "johnny" every so often, and this "johnny" has nowhere to go. there isn't a specific reason to why our "dead corpse" crawls out of his grave just to survive until prom night, so that renders the movie totally useless. without a feeling of sorrow, his mother is convinced to tell the doctor that he's dead. johnny takes a bite out of eddie's arm afterwards. the viewer is asked a tough question: why does the movie have to be this cornball? there is an answer. any resemblance to all persons living or dead is purely coincidental. "living" is a coincidence. "dead" has nothing in common with the movie. show this one to your girlfriend and she'll skip the senior prom, turning your life into a deserted ruin. blah!!!

i'm easily entertained. i enjoyed "hot shots" and "the naked gun" and their many sequels, even when most people found them unbearable. i've even managed to enjoy most pauly shore movies. there is only one movie that i've seen that i can honestly say was bad...and this was it. it's been a while since i've seen it, but i do remember sitting in the theater thinking, "this is a dumb movie. why did i see this?" it's honestly the only movie that i cannot recommend.

poor acting, no script, no plot, no convincing killer, no suspense, no original setups, it uses the same closet/under the bed/person-behind-you-in-the-mirror tactics over and over again making it repetitive and boring, and not in a foreshadowing way either, and the fact that nobody ever "really" gets killed (at least not on screen) , which in turn zaps any suspense it may invoke right out of it and makes everyone feel eve more cheated for spending money on their admission ticket....its a horror film w/o any horror lmao. the most you see is what looks like someone having taken a ketchup bottle and spraying it across a plastic sheet.you have to be a teen who was sitting there screaming in the theater and scaring yourself to have enjoyed this, or you were high/drunk at the time.honestly, i have a life and don't bother writing reviews that often unless i really really hated something, or enjoyed it tremendously.but this film is awful and i feel i have a duty of sorts to warn you not to give your money to hollywood and encourage this kind of filmaking ever again! it is one thing to rent a "bad" movie at blockbuster from the weinsteins, its another when you have to sit through it in a theater.also, in case you want some remake nostalgia, forget it! this is not a remake, nor is it a re-imagining. it is not scary, nor engaging, nor is it satisfying enough to be "funny" like others on imdb have claimed...it is just stale and booooring.here is what you will take away from this film: remembering the scar on brittany snow's head that stands out more than the plot, the fact that jonathan schaech must be having some sexual affair with j.s. cardone of "the forsaken" to have gotten another role as a killer(because he is as frightening as my poodle, and too cute to kill just about anyone) and that for some reason (duh) everyone who goes back to the hotel suite never comes back. what kind of person would not get worried at the prom when they decide to announce the candidates for prom king and queen and the fiercely competitive girl just somehow doesn't show up? this is my warning to you. do not waste you're money like i did. the "original" sucks too but is more of a guilty pleasure for jamie lee curtis fans, though no way near as bad as this piece of crap (sorry to sound vulgar or rude, but once you see this, you will understand why i say what i say).

i have seen over 1000 movies and this one stands out as one of the worst movies that i have ever seen. it is a shame that they had to associate this garbage to the angels 1963 song "my boyfriend's back." if you have to make a choice between watching this movie and painful dental work, i would suggest the dental work.

1993 was the year. this was long before phillip seymour thomas had won an oscar. who knew i would be an extra in a movie with him? i was actually a paid extra in "my boyfriend's back," which was shot in a suburb of austin called georgetown, tx. the original title was "johnny zombie" (thank god the producers had a change of heart!) i was in the theater scene. i rushed out to watch the movie the day it was released in theaters. it is more of a comedy than a horror movie. but... for a good laugh, you might want to check it out. nothing that is even close to "dawn of the dead" or even "shaun of the dead" quality, but the cheese factor is good enough. ciao

i guess you have to give some points for the sheer courage of writing a musical around a history lesson but how about some decent music? is the cartoonish acting of howard desilva meant to pique the interest of otherwise jaded children? is william daniels' campy contemporary (for the time) acting style meant to appeal to a 1960s/70s demographic? do we need all the "in-jokes" about ny & nj? (i can hear the blue-haired broadway audience guffawing on cue.) sorry, i find the whole piece dated, boring & the acting far too strident for the screen

but this movie was a bore. the history part was fine but the musical part was not. not one song i cared about and no soundtrack to be heard.if sweet jesus" was suppose to be comic relief it never work. if john adams was suppose to be the obnoxious annoying one, the rest of them were trying to overthrow him in every scene.hancock and jefferson were the only bearable characters in the whole movie.the historical quotes and the debate about slavery in their historical context were interesting enough but not enough to overcome the lack of music in a musical.shouldn't you be humming the songs after a musical, except for a few chirps, nothing else was worth the breath.

oh, well, this movie starts off well. it's kinda funny and seems like it could be a fun movie. then it becomes a bit serious and goes off the rails. it sort of wants to be 'boogie nights' but it can't achieve it. if only it stayed with the tone of the first quarter of the film...

i entered the theatre intending to pass a pleasant 90 minutes being entertained if not enlightened. i left neither entertained nor enlightened. this movie can't make up its mind what it wants to be and ends up being not much of anything. there are a few funny lines and a few incredibly pretentious movie references (the 400 blows--for this character? come off it!). while none of the characters gets treated with much respect, the over thirty gay men get the worst of it: all predatory, fat, sad, slobs. if you're in the mood for a movie dealing with gay relationships check out parting glances, longtime companion, trick, all over the guy, red dirt, maurice, philadelphia instead. you'll thank me.

prom night is shot with the artistic eye someone gives while finely crafting a lifetime original film. you know the one. this october, lifetime takes a break from the courageous tale of a woman surviving (insert disease name here) to tell the somewhat creepy tale of a woman pursued by a stalker ex-boyfriend. it's dramatic  it's sappy  it's immensely dull. it does nothing to further a genre, tell an original story, or strive for any sort of newness. prom night shares this plight. watching the killer poke holes in his victims, we sit silently as they slump to the floor with not a drop of blood spilled. it occurred to me that this was the cleanest killer in movie history.our director is working with a fairly good-looking killer so he is forced to pour on the camera angles to make him appear creepier. think about matthew mcconaughey coming at you with a knife. you'd probably go  "oh! good lookin guy is going to kill me? naaaa." not scary even for a second, so the director throws schaech into shadows and over the shoulder in the mirror. this mirror shot is repeated to the point of sickness as it practically becomes a fetish of the creator. you'll get 15 jump scares in this film, 2 of which made my date jump (i might mention she is afraid of everything). i'd also mention she decided to take a nap halfway through the film and at one point threatened to leave me.as if this film were not disjointed enough, it appears to be cut to shreds. i'm not saying it looks like key points were left on the cutting room floor as the crew scrambled to salvage some semblance of a horror film; i'm saying as the film moves from scene to scene, you often get a jarring jump. this is the kind of thing you'd expect when a film catches fire and a projectionist is forced to splice ends together, cross his fingers, and hope for the best. the editor should be shot.with a plot you can pack into two sentences, one stray spray of blood, an emo killer, and the tension of a very special episode of "silver spoons", we're left with no reason to support horror this weekend  at least on the big screen. in fact, this is the sort of film that should be punished. is it really that hard to make a scary movie? was this crew even aware they were making a horror film??!! a complete waste of my time and yours. i bit the bullet to get you this review. don't let my sacrifice be in vain. don't go into the movie!!!

...let me count the ways.1. a title-only 'remake' that pulls out every cliché in the slasher handbook.2. a plot so predictable that it becomes quite pathetic.3. a completely weak execution of all attempts at suspense or thrills.4. a pg-13 rating that insures no gore, violence, or sex.5. a villain that is not frightening or even mysterious.6. a cast of characters that are so thinly written and stereotyped that we couldn't possibly care about them.7. a lack of any effectively creepy atmosphere (much unlike the original prom night).8. a script of dialog that's beyond poor - it's mind numbing. 9. a series of cardboard performances (not sure whether to blame the actors or the lousy aforementioned script for that).10. a completely inept teen-targeted slasher remake that's not brave enough to attempt to have an imagination - or even to show a puddle of blood.it's a no-brainer horror fans, save your money.bomb out of ****

i have been known to fall asleep during films, but this is usually due to a combination of things including, really tired, being warm and comfortable on the sette and having just eaten a lot. however on this occasion i fell asleep because the film was rubbish. the plot development was constant. constantly slow and boring. things seemed to happen, but with no explanation of what was causing them or why. i admit, i may have missed part of the film, but i watched the majority of it and everything just seemed to happen of its own accord without any real concern for anything else. i cant recommend this film at all.

city girl meg tilly receives a horrifying phone call from her mother and, understandably shaken, returns home to her family's rural digs, only to be faced with a mystery: why are all the homespun residents acting out in bizarre and unsettling ways? radiation thriller, with barely a nod to ecology, has small town residents going berserk, which (laughably) includes two women gazing at each other with desire in a public place and tim matheson receiving oral attention from a girl on an office bench. the picture is too silly for words, wasting tilly's wistfulness and quiet intensity on trash while forcing itself into a corner it can't possibly hope to get out of. some of the cinematography by thomas del ruth is good (particularly a fire sequence set inside a garage), though he is let down by the scrappy editing--and a fairly bathetic finale. simplistic screenplay has nary a surprise nor a shred of originality up its sleeve. *1/2 from ****

i wanted to see it because of two reasons. one, it was the remake of high sierra with bogart, two, the bogart part was played by jack palance, whom can play dramatic roles with some subtility, as in the big knife.but now i wonder why they decided to shoot this remake. the film follows the same plot as hig sierra; only here, the actors don't care, the director is lost in his thoughts, and who knows what the producer was thinking. jack palance is getting bored looking at shelley winters and shelley winters is asking herself what she's doing in this film. i don't even want to compare her to ida lupino in the same role. and of course, they had to use the dog story again! they surely could have come up with some different ideas. perhaps the color makes it nice to see the same location where they shot high sierra, but that definitely doesn't add any quality to the film.it's a waste of time if you've seen high sierra before. otherwise, why not see a pseudo-film noir. as for me, i'd rather die than see it one more time...

i shudder to think what people must have thought of environmentalists after viewing this piece of overbearing, preachy cinematic trash. larded with enough indian-wannabe nuttery and space brother buffoonery to stock a new-age shop, starlight makes anyone who gives a damn about the planet look like a feather-wearing crystal-fondling idiot.the plot? alien rae dawn chong arrives to guide a flute playing underwear model in a mystical quest to avert earth's impending environmental collapse. but first they must defeat an evil alien who looks nothing so much like a refugee from a castro street bar. fortunately, they've got mystical grandpa willie nelson along to help (who looks faintly embarrassed by the proceedings, as well he ought to be) along with buckets of cheap f/x and reams of pointlessly swelling music.sure, the clunky script helps to obscure the film's trite plot and staggering pace, but that's just the tip of this melting movie iceberg. everyone concerned with this film should have their union cards revoked until they complete a real course in environmental science.

all i can really say is that i'm glad that i was knitting socks while watching the movie, or i would be very angry for having wasted 2 hours of my life. the acting was terrible, the plot was even worse. there were some scenes that were meant to be serious that had my husband and i laughing out loud. i highly recommend this movie to people who like to do their own version of mst3k.

the idea of in the name of the people is good, a murderer doesn't want his only daughter to end up in an institution and asks the parents of the girl he killed to take care of his daughter. and you could expect of the actors, especially scott bakula to do some good acting, unfortunately they don't! in the name of the people turns out to be the regular friday night tearjerker. the flashbacks with the girl that was killed are pretty pathetic and at a certain stage you can just predict what the actors will say... if you want to watch a good film about this subject then watch dean man walking!

the plot of this movie hangs on one important point: that this murderer was also a responsible, loving, caring father. not that being a father and a murderer is impossible. but this man is shown murdering a teenage girl without provocation or reason and without emotion. this girl was someone's daughter. i don't think a father who cared so much about his own daughter could have been so cold-blooded to someone else's daughter. or, alternately, could have been so cold blooded and yet worry about and care for his own daughter. and the idea that a convicted murderer would actually ask his victim's parents to take in and care for his daughter is beyond belief.that said, the characters were acted with conviction by the actors. i thought changing scott bakula's eye color did make him seem more cold and menacing than he usually is. you couldn't see into his eyes at all.

this has an interesting, albeit somewhat fanciful sci-fi plot, but it's wasted with poor direction and shlocky special effects. rae dawn chong is appealing, despite the lack of a believable story and direction consistent with her talent.

ohhh the brutality, ohhhhh the dying breed, ohhhh the sense of loss, ohhhh the prejudice! jeez, when are all you whiney revisionists going to stop analyzing westerns for crying out loud? s**t happens. if it offends your socially engineered sensibilities then go back to the comfort of your meryl steep collection.boring, tedious, and very tiresome waste of celluloid-particularly in light of coburn/hackman/bergen's presence. nothing interesting or intriguing here, unless you are obsessed with 19th century desert dentisty. may have been a little better without the constant diversion of the out-of-place mexican guy with the bad tooth. a monument to the stupid ultra-left creeping sensitivity of the 60/70's. virtually impossible to sit through the entire film. i think i'd rather have my eyes stapled open for the entire lucky luke/trinity series. 4 horses/10-all deader'n hell.

this is a movie about animal cruelty. under the guise of a marathon race, we see depictions of extreme animal abuse, including literally running a horse to death in slow motion. the guy who did this then has his conscience spiritually cleansed by the flames from the burial/burning of the horse, which of course is still dead, having been tortured to death. this is one of the sickest, slimiest movies i've ever had the displeasure of viewing. as gene hackman and james coburn near the finish line on their dying animals, we're supposed to admire their spirit for finishing the race. i'd like to put the producers and director in a marathon race; i'll decide when they're finished, probably about 20 minutes after they stop breathing.

here's a movie with a good cast and nice looking location work but it just don't have it. director richard brooks must have been a little bit tired at this stage of the game; how much better his the professionals was! the horses and the rest of the action seemed to be in slow motion even during the non-slow motion scenes. this film needed to be sped-up, if anything. that horse lather sure looked awful phony to me and the obvious tire tracks in those desert tracking moments- just lazy. sloppy work. too bad. the actors did ok, but i've certainly seen all of them do better. ben johnson's always a joy, though. i first saw this flick almost 30 years ago; was disappointed then and remained so upon second viewing 30 years later.

gritty, dusty western from director richard brooks, who seems thoroughly engrossed in the genre while keeping all the usual clichés intact. early 1900s horse race attracts a low-keyed cowboy (gene hackman), a suave gambler (james coburn), a cocky kid (jan michael vincent), and even a female (a surprisingly game candice bergen). once the preliminaries are out of the way (with the predictable arguments over whether or not a woman should take part), this becomes a fairly engrossing entry, though one which breaks no new ground (it instead resembles something from gary cooper's era). good-looking, if overlong piece has macho verve and a fine cast, yet the mechanisms of the plot get tiresome rather quickly. ** from ****

i finally caught up to "starlight" last night on television and all i can say is. . . wow! it's hard to know where to begin -- the incredibly hokey special effects (check out the laser beams shooting out of willie's eyes!), the atrocious acting, the ponderous dialogue, the mismatched use of stock footage, or the air of earnest pretentiousness that infuses the entire production. this truly is a one-of-a-kind experience, and we should all be thankful for that. i nominate jonathon kay as the true heir to ed wood!

this review may contain some spoilers.just when you thought they didn't make them so extremely bad anymore, along comes rae dawn chong as a space vixen and willie nelson as a native american witchdoctor! it's even worse when you factor in that these two are the better aspects of `starlight,' a film that should only be viewed for laughs.chong is an alien sent to earth to seek out the only remaining half-breed, part man and part alien. apparently, the earth is in dire straits. something is wrong with the genetics of mankind, and in a few decades the world will be turned into a polluted wasteland. only by duplicating the dna of the half-breed can the kindly alien race save the planet. don't ask me how that is, since the movie gives the impression that the world will be destroyed by pollution, which is caused by humans. you would think earth could only be saved by getting rid of the polluting creatures, not saving them! anyway, the half-breed turns out to be billy wirth, a man living in a small southwestern town and is part native american from his mother's line, despite the fact that his mother is a red-headed caucasian and his grandfather is willie nelson. wasn't this the sort of malarkey that made the bombastic carmen electra bomb `the chosen one' such a howler? chong arrives in her ship just as wirth nearly drowns after driving his motorcycle into a lake in a fit of recklessness being the result of just breaking up with his girlfriend. before you can say utter the word `hogwash,' chong is revealing her secret to wirth, who isn't surprised for a moment, and spreading the word to wirth's family. chong also makes pals with wirth's mother, who seems to have lost a few of her marbles over the years. well, this is because wirth's father was an alien that abandoned her. of course, he is the standard rogue alien that has conveniently picked this moment to come to earth for wirth so he can use wirth's dna to make the people of earth his slaves. (huh?) his laughable attempts to use his telepathic powers and capture wirth suck up most of the screen time and are the worst scenes in the movie. not only are they boring, but they are the scenes where you will be spotting the flubs the most.the ideas might be nice on paper, but they are handled here with the utmost of stupidity, particularly in the aforementioned scenes with the rogue alien. but the effects are the bane of the movie. the opening scene involves chong on her spaceship, communicating with her superior, someone who we do not see but that chong communicates with through a vat that emits pink light. they use no spoken words, but telepathy, so we are treated to subtitles. trouble is, both chong and her superior's subtitles both look alike, and the director gives you no indication as to which of the two are actually `speaking' at any given moment, which makes the whole conversation nothing but gibberish. the spaceship is the worst effect to come out of hollywood this side of an ed wood film. now, i am usually lenient on effects when dealing with a low budgeted film such as this, but these effects really got to me. the most offensive was the most simple one: a fake night sky. the stars in the sky are so phony they almost sound off a dial tone. most notably are the moments where chong tells someone she comes from pleiades, and we get a shot of the seven stars. thing is, the seven stars take up about half the night sky in the movie, but any stargazer knows that pleiades is a star cluster between the constellations perseus and taurus, and the cluster doesn't take up much room in the sky at all. these effects just get so lousy that your jaw will hang lower and lower with every passing moment. be careful, for it will go right through the floor during the finale when the effects have willie nelson turn into a human spotlight and . . . oh, it has to be seen to be believed!starlight, star bright; last star i see tonight; i wish i might, i wish i may; not have to watch any more of this trash today.zantara's score: 1 out of 10.

please note: i see from the various posts that there was an original silent version and also a sound version of this same film. i saw the sound version and it was esthetically yicky. considering some indicate that the original version was longer and without crappy dubbing, my review must be read with this in mind.although i know that rene clair has a lovely reputation as a film maker and louise brooks has a bit of a cult following as well, this is in many ways a technically poorly made film. while hollywood had already pretty much switched to sound mode around 1929, up through the early to almost the mid-30s, a lot of famous french films were essentially silent films--with some dialog and sound effects very poorly slapped over top the film. the lip movements in many, and in particular this film, don't even come close to matching what is being said and this would explain why an american like ms. brooks could do a french film. this is just sloppy and i would have preferred they had just made a silent film--and as a silent film this is would have been an average film--with excellent camera work (at times) and some decent silent-style acting.the problem i also found with the film was the overly simplistic plot. for a silent morality play circa 1920, it would have been fine, but by 1930 standards the plot is a bit hoary (that means "old"--not "slutty"). a lady wins a beauty contest and her macho fiancé can't handle it. she gives it all up, temporarily, but is lured back to the fancy life and this spells her end! a tad melodramatic, huh? and also a bit simplistic and underdeveloped.finally, the character of the fiancé's friend(?) i found very disturbing and unreal. he looked like harold lloyd and spent much of the movie being abused and picked on by the friend and everyone else. as he just took it throughout the movie and no resolution came about, his character seemed superfluous and the treatment he received mean-spirited. were audiences supposed to laugh as he was abused? this seems to me that's what is implied and i don't like it at all.there are far better french films of the era (le million, la femme du boulanger, fanny, regain, and others) as well as better silent films. i just can't understand this film's high rating.

lets start off by saying that "jawani diwani" is just a pathetic movie. i agree with the last person who said "i missed the joyride". lol. the jokes were just terrible. performances were average. something went terribly wrong with the film. emraan totally deserved something better. all celina jaitley did was expose. hrishitta bhatt was ok. emraan hashmi was ok too.mann (emraan hashmi)is a desperate guy who wants to become famous. therefore, he uses radha and pretends he loves her, only because her father is a music director and could help him become famous (since, the father obeys everything his daughter says). one day, mann and his friends go to goa to have some fun. there he meets roma (celina jaitley) and totally falls for her looks and tries to flirt with her bla bla bla. then, that night roma cannot open the door to her room, and mann decides to help her. seeing that he cannot as well, roma goes to ask for help. while she is gone, mann is able to open the door and decides to come inside and sits on her bed bla bla bla. roma comes in and they have a one night stand. however, in that one night- stand roma falls in love with him. that morning, they spot the underworld don (mahesh)who sees it all. the don loves roma and couldn't stand what he saw. he orders them to get married, and being frightened, mann obeys the order and merry's roma. then, their marriage news ends up in the newspaper. mann is later finds out that he loves roma after they do a music video together. he is now trapped between love and fame. bla bla bla.the movie is horrible. the songs "sini ne sini ne" is fantastic the remix version is even better. "dil diwana" is also great. the title track is also awesome. guys, avoid watching this movie.

this movie is a great example of how even some very funny jokes can go terribly wrong. i really expected at least something from this movie after seeing the add which was funny as hell but the movie wasn't half as good.the weird part is that the jokes are actually funny, the spoofs of the smoking ban, jo bole... etc. are genuinely good jokes but i don't know whom to blame this movie flop on.the prime candidates may be:- 1) the hammers ( actors) and hammeresses (actresses) and not even the funny kind 2) the director 3)the guy who cast the actors and/or the director anyway if you are really really bored and i mean really see this movie, or else get a copy of each and every ad or teaser of this movie and laugh your butt of because those will be far funnier than the film.p.s the only saving grace of this film is mahesh manjrekar and the funny chappu bhai

this is one of the most irritating, nonsensical movies i've ever had the misfortune to sit through. every time it started to look like it might be getting good, out come more sepia tone flashbacks, followed by paranoid idiocy masquerading as social commentary. the main character, maddox, is a manipulative, would-be rebel who lives in a mansion seemingly without any parents or responsibility. the supporting cast are all far more likeable and interesting, but are unfortunately never developed. nor do we ever really understand the john stanton character supposedly influencing maddox to commit the acts of rebellion. at one point, i thought "aha! maddox is just nuts and is secretly making up all those communications from escaped mental patient stanton! now we're getting somewhere!" but of course, that ends up to not be the case and the whole movie turns out to be pointless, both from maddox's perspective and the viewer's. where's ferris bueller when we need him?

i came to new port south expecting a surrogate movie about the columbine school massacre similar to gus van sant's elephant and certainly the synopsis in the tv guide stating that a student sociopath rebels against the system did give me that impression but this is a very boring movie where little happens so consider yourself warned the story is about maddox , a chicago high school student who decides to strike back at what he perceives to be an authoritarian regime . the major problem is that the character is underwritten and the actor who plays him blake shields is unable to embellish any script deficiencies . you have the gut feeling that maddox should have the evil charisma of hitler , saddam or bin laden but he never comes across as anything more than a petulant truculent teenager and it's impossible to believe he could rally any disciples . the subtext of you overthrow one manipulative authoritarian regime only to replace it with another manipulative regime is too obvious which means new port south is an entirely unconvincing drama that's not worth going out of your way to see

about five minutes in, and i saw where this was heading. bunch of high school kids get annoyed by the school's administration and thoughts of rebellion start fomenting. i said to my girlfriend: if it gets below a 5 on imdb, i'll go and read a book. it got 5.0, so she persuaded me to go on watching. what are the good things? well, it is a good thing this film does not have a story, because you would surely be distracted from it by the editing. it's like the student's drawing that was torn up by one of the teachers, all the footage for this film was cut up in a freak accident involving a meat-grinder, and left half the stock destroyed, with the other half spliced into two-second bits. even in a ten-second scene of the local tv news, there are about six cuts and three different angles. and then there are the montages. these are all set to electronic music, which forewarns you of yet another montage, so that like pavlov's dog you start cringing every time you hear it, which is about every three minutes. oh, i was supposed to say what's good about this film. well, the film was shot very well, with a nice color palette, that nicely matched the emotional content - such as there was - of the scenes. okay, now with the film's major flaw, and it wasn't the story, or lack thereof. the director made that fatal mistake of leading you astray about people and situations, not by clever storytelling, but by being highly selective about what to show about the main characters. that's just cheating. i guess he did it in order to make the central character more likable. but it just became plain annoying. if the story is full of holes, it's no good trying to patch it up by misdirecting the viewer. and often there wasn't even any point to it. and then the ending. basically, the main villain of the peace turns out be an okay guy, if a coward. plus it turns what seemed to be the whole point of the movie, that you should stand up for a just cause on its head, by the already mentioned misdirection, and makes it into a point about the nature of revolutions, that was already made, and much better, by animal farm. it also committed what i call the bill cosby sin: no matter how things may seem at first, in the end adults are always right, and children always wrong. and let's face it: unless you're me, that's just not true.

this film is terrible. the characters are completely unbelievable, and wildly inconsistent. the plot is awful and some of the classroom scenes are cringe-worthy and make for uncomfortable viewing.in fact the quality of the script and characterisation would suggest that this film was written by high school students, only the utter lack of credibility to the school environment would suggest that, in fact, the writers probably never went to high school. the acting in most cases was weak too, although a lot of this was down to a poor script and plot, i am not sure that any actors could have made this film watchable.having said that the sound track was ok, and the cinematography was nice in places (although the editing was poor).

i'm still trying to figure out if there was a point to this film.for content that's supposed to be so 'rebellious' and 'controversial' the things that maddox distributes to the students are awfully lame. students seem to be easily swayed by vague anti-authoritarian sentiments and snippets of words illegibly scrawled onto leaflets. rebel, everybody.i suppose it would have been too much to ask to have a teenage rebellion film where a school fire alarm doesn't get set off.apparently a 'huge fight up on the football fields' is a fight that consists of two people.characters personalities seem to wildly vary at random. a football jock who maddox was fighting (and who subsequently got a staple on the face) is all smiles and apologies the next day.the fact that it doesn't come to any real conclusion of the plot makes me feel that the whole thing could have been fitted into a half hour after school special. if they had cut most of the attempted pseudo-glitch soundtrack.

what a long, drawn-out, pointless movie. i'm sure that historically this film is delightful but as entertainment goes it just doesn't make the grade. ralph fiennes has been in some fantastic movies, the english patient, schindler's list, but this one was such a let-down. it didn't seem to be going anywhere, his character at the beginning was so shallow and uptight it amazes me that his "sister" would ever have been interested at all. don't bother paying to rent this movie, buy yourself a copy of the english patient instead.

in order to hold the public's attention for three hours, we were treated not so much to a family's romp through four generations and 120 years of hungarian history, as to sexual liaisons with a sister, a sister-in-law and other adulteries. oh yes, there was also a totally gratuitous rape. having said all this, the first story of the relationship among the children of the patriarch was fresh and sensual - thanks to jennifer ehle.

sunshine is a european import set in hungary between 1880 and 1980, it's the epic story of hungarian jews, the sonnenschein family. this name literally translates to sunshine. the family has humble beginnings, then is prosperous, becomes upwardly mobile, changes it's name, and hopes to assimilate into hungarian society so successive generations can advance professionally. the story is told through the eyes of the eldest son in each of three generations; ralph fiennes plays these three roles. for those who missed the ww-ii and the holocaust in europe, the sonnenschein' approach to life doesn't work out very well.sunshine is being acclaimed as an artistic success, but it is an opportunity missed. the story line, dominated by world history, is predictable and transparent; this is reinforced with voice cover narration and newsreel footage. the family 'plot' lurches from one predictable event [ie. the hapsburgs, ww-i, ww-ii, fascism, communism, etc.] to the next with little continuity, depth or detail. the jewish assimilation theme is unfocused, and important sub-themes [the 'secret' diary and family philosophy] that could have given the family character and credibility are l ost until the very end. alternatively, the filmmakers provide generation continuity using common themes of incest / infidelity.ralph fiennes exhibits flashes of brilliance but his performance is far from award winning material. the "3 for 1" casting format is a viewer distraction and feels more like a cheap cinema gimmick than good theater. sunshine is basically hungarian "history channel" material. it has the look and feel of winds of war morphed with forrest gump morphed with something about sex.

aaron spelling produced this made for television western that gets awfully plotty for a seventy three minute film. it plays like a probable failed series pilot.handsome clint walker is u.s. marshal dave harmon, who wanders into yuma, arizona territory in time to kill one of the brothers of the local bigwig rancher who is out on a trail drive.walker takes the other brother to jail. walker also meets a "cute" homeless mexican kid who sleeps at the jailhouse. one night, andres is snoozing when a villain and another man dressed in army blue take the remaining brother into the street and kill him, pinning the murder on walker. not good for your first twenty four hours on the job. walker visits the local army fort, and rankles the chains of the commander. the bigwig hears of his brothers' deaths, and rides back to town in time to get his chains rankled as well. the local native population, who get short changed by the army on their beef, also get rankled in the chains area. with all these chains getting rankled, walker still has time to woo the local hotel owner. the army guy involved in the murder ends up dead, the local cattle buyer is implicated, the indians do a lot of hesitant speechifying, and the climax brings about an unlikely showdown as walker must prove to the town that the villainous cattle buyer had a boss, someone we have suspected as being too helpful all along.there is a semi-subplot involving the death of walker's family at the hands of army raiders, and i think this would have been the force behind the series, had it been picked up. instead, the film ends abruptly, and i kept waiting for scenes from next week's exciting episode. because of the fade outs for nonexistent commercial breaks, the pacing is all off on this and its story jumps in fits.walker is handsome, rugged, and has a voice deeper than a well. the rest of the cast is full of television actors you have probably seen in other television movies. much of the action is pretty lame, and the violence is tepid. the first brother killed gets a shotgun blast midtorso, and falls without a scratch on him. i did not expect "reservoir dogs," but this is the wrong film to use to teach children about the evil of guns! speaking of children, the mexican kid here goes from "cute" to "aneurysm inducing annoyance" very quickly.if you dislike westerns, then you will dislike "yuma." if you like westerns, then you will still dislike "yuma." i cannot recommend it.this is unrated, but contains physical violence and gun violence.

this is possibly the worst of all the columbo movies. andrew stevens' acting is poor as the villain, and the plot is weak. in fact none of the cast seem able to act other than peter falk, who puts in a creditable performance as the lieutenant.

first of all, the reason i'm giving this film 2 stars instead of 1 is because at least peter falk gave his usual fantastic performance as lieutenant columbo. he alone can get 10 stars for trying to save this otherwise utterly worthless attempt at making a movie.i was initially all fired up at reading one poster's comment that andrew stevens in this movie gave "the performance of his career." to me, it was the abysmal performance by stevens that absolutely ruined this movie, and so i was all prepared to hurl all sorts of insults at the person who made the aforementioned comment. then i thought to myself, what else has stevens done? so i checked and, you know, that person was absolutely right. in the 17 years since this columbo movie was made, apparently every one of the 33 projects that stevens has been in since then has been utter crap, so it is doubtful that anybody has even seen the rest of his career.if you like columbo, see every other of the 69 titles before watching this one. do yourself a favor and save the worst for last.

kill me later" has an interesting initial premise: a suicidal woman (selma blair) on the verge of jumping off the top of an office building is protects a bank robber (max beesley) who promises to "kill her later."the actual execution of this premise, however, falls flat as almost every action serves as a mere device to move the plot toward its predictable conclusion. shoddily written characters who exhibit no motive for their behaviors compromise the quality of acting all around. lack of character depth especially diminishes selma blair's performance, whose character shawn vacillates from being morose to acting "cool" and ultimately comes across as a confused dolt. this is unfortunate, as under other circumstances ms. blair is an appealing and capable actress.compounding matters for the worse is director dana lustig's insistence on using rapid cuts, incongruous special effects (e.g. look for an unintentionally hilarious infrared motorcycle chase at the end), and a hip soundtrack in the hopes of appealing to the short attention spans of the mtv crowd. certainly ms. lustig proves that she is able to master the technical side of direction, but in no way does her skill help overcome the film's inherent problems and thus the movie drags on to the end. clearly, lustig has a distinct visual style; however it is perhaps better suited to music videos than to feature film.the producers (ram bergman & lustig)can be commended for their ability to realize this film: they were able to scare up $1.5 million to finance the film, secure a good cast, and get domestic and foreign distribution. this is no small feat for an independent film. yet given the quality of the product, the result is a mixed bag.

this movie was clearly done poorly and in a rush. i realize that the funding for any such movie is hard to come by. however if the plot had any kind of original substance someone would have seen that it got the necessary funding, this was not the case and movies like this are not necessary themselves and have no purpose in existing. the plot for this movie has been done and done better i might add, many times before. there is no reason to make a movie that has no chance in competing with any others. i was informed by my computer that i need a minimum of ten lines to submit my comment so the following lines are just bull to fill in space. in my opinion there is no need for anything else to be said about this film. what i've said is plenty and if you wasted enough time reading this review, than for god's sake don't waste more time watching this movie. the only exception to this is if you are the kind of person who likes watching crappy movies that get played on the womens entertainment network at 2:00 a.m. in that case go ahead see what i care.

despite being a 2001 movie, the direction is the kind of 90's art-house style that was considered "old" and out-of-date a few years ago. the cheesy cuts and effects were painful to watch. the script is decent enough, and a few scenes did kind of captivate me (like when the taxi driver brings her to the bridge at night). but the story line with the detective who's sister killed herself and how he was obsessed with suicide was just plain terrible. the performance by the actor who plays selma blair's married boyfriend seriously bothered me. i did sit through the whole thing, though, which is rare for the kind of random, what-is-this movie you just find on tv and decide to watch.

i enjoyed the feel of the opening few minutes, but 20-minutes in i was liberally applying the fast-forward button. far too many shots of stewart (michael zelniker) walking from room to room, down hallways, through doors and down the street, and as many shots of him looking pensive and confused. gave me the impression that the story had originally been meant as a short (20-30 minutes), and then stretched into a feature as a labour of love between director grieve and star zelniker (they co-wrote the screenplay).it might have been more entertaining if any of the characters had anything to say that i hadn't heard said in many other films before, or if the ending wasn't - disappointingly - the one i had predicted three minutes into the film (atypical for an independent/smaller studio film). at least its heart was in the right place - it wasn't your standard formulaic hollywood manipulative nonsense.

i consider stuart bliss the worst movie i have ever seen.the acting was terrible and the plot ludicrous. i get the fact that the main character's wife leaving him triggered a mental breakdown, but it got so silly and boring, after a while i could have cared less about any of the characters.the movie kept going over and over the same ideas without anything fresh or surprising to add to the plot. the whole thing with the geiger counter got too much after a while after stuart started opening up his wall to see what was behind it after the counter indicated something was there.then there was the repetitive scenes with the flyer, and the confusing ones where he meets himself.i should have guessed that this movie was a flop when i didn't recognize any of the actors. do yourself a favor when this movie comes up, read a book! you'll be better off.

this is possibly the worst version of the play i have seen - several times on stage apart from the movie.a very nice idea for the set up - the american south can give a credible backdrop for the extreme reaction round hero's supposed misdemeanour.but the execution! widdoes is a very mannered beatrice giving a particularly poor performance. waterston, a fine actor, is not much better as benedict.the poorest performance is in the role of don john - it makes keanu reeves look good. perhaps the desire to make it a caricature along the lines of the villain who ties the maiden to the train track fits with the keystone kops capers of dogberry and his men - but the acting makes you want to cringe.successful set-ups include the scene where they fool benedict into believing beatrice loves him - were the acting competent it would be superb. but the use of the river and the visual humour of benedict moving closer is well produced.overall i had to force myself to keep watching but it certainly didn't keep my attention.very disappointing.with respect to latter comments above i am nearly 40. i've been watching stage and screen productions of shakespeare for over 2 decades. might i suggest when trying to defend your friends you speak to the piece rather than attack other reviewers when you are so inadequately armed in terms of fact. i can assume though, from your distaste regarding youth, that you are of sufficient age where the mannered acting of bygone days is more to your taste.my personal favourite pairing was rylance and mcteer on the london stage. unlike widdoes, mcteer, a skilled and charismatic performer, can act.

this is a very bland and inert production of one of shakespeare's most vibrant plays. i can only guess that the intent was to make the play as accessible and understandable as possible to an audience that has not been exposed to shakespeare before. by doing this, though - by making every line clear and every intent obvious - they have drained the play of life and turned it into a flat caricature. somehow, it is actually boring - a very hard feat given such wonderful material.the acting is forgettable at best - sam waterston as benedick and douglas watson as don pedro. others, however, do not fare so well. april shawnham's hero is a pouty, breathless airhead that frequently provokes winces. jerry mayer's don john is a nonsensical cartoon character on the level of snidely whiplash (though snidley was much more enjoyable).f. murray abraham (you know, the guy who killed mozart?) is not in this version, unless he was in disguise and had his name removed from the credits.given that the producer, joseph papp, is basically a theater god, this production is not only disappointing but head-scratching as well.don't bother with this. watch branagh's much ado instead - his version is overflowing with vitality and humor, to say nothing of wonderful performances.

painful. painful is the only word to describe this awful rendition of such a fun and interesting shakespearean play. i gave it a shot but was terribly disappointed and couldn't bare to even finish viewing it. to the person who wrote a novel about how wonderful this twist of much ado was, i pity you and your bored brain. may your pretenses about young viewers be lifted without retribution. please do not even bother with this gut wrenching, disgusting excuse for a performance of an acclaimed shakespeare drama. you will be forced to induce vomiting and will require a commode close to the television with which you choose to watch this crap because involuntary defecation will take place.

i've been watching this movie by hoping to find a pretty and interesting story yet the story line wasn't good at all. the play of the actors weren't any better.of course shahrukh khan was there yet he wasn't enough to make this movie "credible" and interesting.i've read that this movie was based on the novel of flaubert "madame bovary" yet for me i didn't see it matching with the indian mentality.in general we buy movie to dream and have a good time, not to waste our time and change our mood into worse. i just can't understand how it could get such a "high" vote with an average of 6.8/10.so it's the kind of movie you should run away & ignore because there is nothing to appreciate in it! you will just waste your time unless if you like "dark movie" with "strange and non sense story".

maya is a woman without any interests. she just dreams her life away and wonders, why she does not feel fulfilled. this could be an interesting topic. that would need a good story, a nice setting and good dialogues. it doesn't have any of these. this movie is totally boring. there are only lengths and no climaxes.the only climax is shahrukh khan. but although i am a huge fan of his, i couldn't stand this movie. even he can't make this movie exiting. the movie is not as bad as "king uncle" and if you're an art-house fan or like it slow, you might maybe like it. it's not funny, it's not interesting, it's not catching. my recommendation: don't watch it.

impressed! this is the worst srk movie and one of the worst bollywood movies i ever saw! i didn't like the novel, but this movie made it worse! very bad music, even worse actors (apart from srk of course, though even he doesn't manage to save the movie), and not much sense. the director makes it all look very confusing, god knows why... maybe it's because he's trying to make it all look very surrealistic, and yet credible. well, he manages neither.even if you've got a few hours to loose, don't watch this movie, please! (saying this for your own welfare!) keep searching, you will find something else to watch!

ok, i am not a professional movie critic but come on...a true story!!!!they are tunneling under another store to get underneath the bank and stumble across a tomb. at tomb with a passageway which goes directly under the bank.ok, i'll play along.but then they get into the bank and decide to go to sleep. yeah!!! i am sure with all the adrenaline pumping through them they are going to just fall asleep. this blows the whole picture!!!! how lame!!!!!glad i didn't have to pay to watch this one.

"the man in the attic" is a movie set in the 1910s. it is inspired by a true story. unfortunately, it's a story that really didn't need to be told.looking at the box, the people responsible for packaging the movie tried their best to make this film appear steamy and erotic. they use terms such as "illicit passion", "forbidden affair", and "unlimited pleasures". they even show a picture of neil patrick harris (little doogie howser, m.d.) holding a gun!the story involves krista, played by anne archer. she is unhappily married to a gentleman who owns his own business. edward (harris) is an employee of her husband's company. krista and edward end up falling in love with each other.the supposedly "shocking" part of the movie is this: krista's husband finds out about the affair and forbids them from ever seeing each other again. so what do they decide to do? krista ends up having edward live up in their attic. wow! krista ends up seeing someone else and edward gets extremely jealous. so on and so on and so on."the man in the attic" doesn't cover any new territory. it's a showtime original picture, which explains why the stars are a couple of b-list actors and both appear briefly in the buff.

ever heard of a taiwanese horror movie? or any taiwanese movie? propably for a reason. this one was a really boring one, even though it has black magic including withered baby bodies and people exploding from the inside with thousands of eels.having read other peoples thoughts, i was looking forward for some violence and gore, but there's not much at all. some blood puking and other lame stuff, if you are waiting for graphic gore or any gruesome effects you will be disappointed. they clearly didn't use the eel exploding and other things to their maximum potent.pretty much nothing good about this movie; a single character that wasn't completely bland and a few ok black magic spells, like the eel one. the plot was confusing and boring. the characters were thin and annoying, including the main character. the horror aspect didn't work at all, the most horrifying thing was an albino girl (not that scary really). this is the worst asian horror movie i have ever seen.

this is the story of a young woman seduced and then dumped by her older, married lover after she gets pregnant; she avenges herself against him, and his entire family, through black magic  which, disappointingly, she doesn't do herself but has someone else do for her. good production values for a thai horror flick. but the bland script never generates suspense, the director approaches the material entirely conventionally, and the final act loses viewer sympathy for the victims by throwing logic to the winds. at one point, a character has a prime opportunity to simply shoot the villainess dead, and instead she gets up and runs away without picking up the gun. bad writing  you're soaking in it! some icky gore effects, including a really tasteless late-term-fetus corpse and one guy dying from having hundreds of live eels burst out of his stomach. only recommended for genre completists who simply have to see every horror film produced in asia in the last 15 years.

i absolutely hate this programme, what kind of people sit and watch this garbage?? ok my dad and mum love it lol but i make sure i'm well out of the room before it comes on. its so depressing and dreary but the worst thing about it is the acting i cant stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless. what happened to detective programmes with real mystery??? i mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago??? i wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this.

i feel like i've just watched a snuff film....a beautifully acted, taut, engrossing and horrible thing! a two hour litany of perversion in the most basic and all inclusive sense of the word, sexual violence and torture, rape, decapitation, incest, corruption, live burial, and abuse, abuse, abuse. no redemption whatsoever. and i was entertained. i couldn't stop watching. what does this say about me, about the people who make and act in this sort of thing, and a world that has become so desensitized that eventually real snuff films will be the norm. and i'm neither puritanical nor humorless, i don't try to hide from the existence of darkness, and i definitely have not led a sheltered life, but i am ashamed of myself. and i'm sorry to see my british cousins dragging the subject-matter sewers the way my own tribe does. it doesn't have to be cozy, but does it have to wallow in vicarious sadism?

no spoilers here but i have been a fan since waking the dead started but the last series, of which only 3 have been on so far is awful. the stories bear no resemblance to the original idea of the series. i found these 3 in the last series jaw droppingly ludicrous. as a bbc licence payer, after the show i rang bbc complaints to pass on my disappointment. i'm amazed that actors of the calibre of trevor eve and sue johnstone didn't object to the story lines. these actors have been with these characters for 8 seasons, surly they can see it's lost all direction. it's a good job it is the last series or the next series may start with the team investigating the death of father christmas!paul bentley, west yorkshire, england.

this is without a shadow of a doubt the absolute worst movie steven seagal has ever made. and that says a lot. don't get fooled by the rating, it's way too good. this abomination hadn't even been worthy of a 0/10 rating, if such a thing existed. - absolutely no plot - worst action scenes ever, and there aren't too many of them either - seagal doesn't do anything himself, including the fighting, talking (lots of dubbing), and so on. as always. - seagal is fat, lazy and couldn't care less about this movie. something which is very obvious all the way throughtake all the other garbage dtv movies seagal has made, multiply them with each other, multiply this with a thousand billions, and all the badness you then get won't even describe 1 % of this absolute crapfest.

this movie was heavily marred by the presence of steven seagal. or as i should say steven so-dull! like before seagal is either too good or too stupid to re-dub his own lines, leaving someone to impersonate his voice for the shots where the sound needed to be looped. a few films before this was he has done this too, but i don't think to this extent! to be honest the film looks pretty good, the script could use some work but parts of this film looked like a real movie! of course, all told, this film is pretty bad.it would have been much better without seagal who has become a cartoon of himself. don't bother. anything over a buck for this one is too much! i honestly think this is the last time for me and a seagal film. what's taken me so long to realize this?!

steven what have you done you have hit an all new low. it is weird since steven's last film shadow man was directed by the same director who did this trash. shadow man was good this was diabolically bad so bad it wasn't even funny steven is hardly in the movie and feels like he is in a cameo appearance and when he is in the film he is dubbed half the time anyway. as for the action well let's just say the wizard of oz had more action than this trash there is hardly any action in the film and when it does finally arrive it is boring depressing badly shot so called action scenes. seagal hardly kills anyone unlike his over films where he goes one man army ie under siege 1 and 2 and exit wounds. the plot is so confusing with so many plot holes that it doesn't make scenes sometimes. flight of fury better be good what a shame i wasted 5 pounds on this garbage 0 out of ten better luck next time

even though the plot was very well detailed,and the story line was understandable the fact that steven seagals voice was dubbed with some one else's through out most of the movie was distressing as you were unsure who was talking . there were many parts where he would start to talk in his deep raspy voice and then the next some one else's voice was doing the talking for him. i don't know the reason however if he had difficulty with his voice during production of the movie i think they could have re shot the events that did not contain his own voice when he had recovered. i have rated this movie 3 out of 10 based on the quality of the film. when one pays for a movie whether or not its at the theater or on dvd this movie was not worth the admission price that was charged. i have been a long time follower of steven seagal and all his movies that he has done over the past years.to date i think this is one of the worst ones we have seen yet

steven buddy, you remember when you said this: "try to find the path of least resistance and use it without harming others. live with integrity and morality, not only with people but with all beings." you have not been doing that, you have mortally wounded your fans and their morality with these "films" i wouldn't even bother if i didn't know you are so much better than this, i've seen the videos of you teaching, you are so much better than this why why brother why...steamroller productions has been steamrolled i promise bro i am not afraid of you i will tell you the truth to your face so we can fix it.well i like some others fell asleep 90% in, but to be fair i was tired and had a large meal just an hour before hand sensai, what are you doing. 12 million? really? do you have any idea what we could have done with $12,000,000 it could have been in the theaters and a blockbuster hit, if you wanted we could have donated money from the huge profit to a homeless shelter or something. these post production people are ripping you off man the choreography was non existent, we can do better man, the eye blinking thing was from the men in black movie, i half expected will smith to appear or tommy lee jones to tell your they were gills not eyelids.seagal you are an aikido master, why are you doing this to yourself, to us? when you came on the scene, you had such a fresh direct style, and it was obvious you are a teacher cause the way your moves were so clear and crisp, watching your first three movies i felt like you were teaching me something, now i feel like you are just being ripped off or something i feel like i need to save you buddy, this time you are the one who was killed and i'm gonna go and get revenge for you by helping you make the best movie ever. bro i know who you really are, i know the truth about the nico movie. let's talk.contact me man i got some fresh ideas i am a nit picker, i swear you will not be disappointed with my attention to detail and we'll do it for the fans man, your fans deserve better, we're hanging on, but the strand is about to snap. i swear i will not let your movie out the door with a single mistake in it i'm still trying to figure out if that was the worst dubbing ever, or you have laryngitis, but i promise you i can do a better impression of your voice than the lame **** who didn't even try. i sure hope you kicked him in the nuts as his payment. i can come up with a story and a plot that can be matched to your avenging the death of your student/daughter/wife/dog/house plant niche and i promise you we will bring you back, i promise, also i want to go in the direction, that makes people think, if you let me in i promise we will make a movie that people will walk away and have to have a discussion about it, a serious thought provoking, perception altering experience.steven seagal this is my official in writing permission for imdb to release my contact info to you for the purpose of resurrecting one of the best martial arts heroes i have ever seen also, for the record hes not italian, hes irish and jew so you call it bad acting i call it terrific acting, because you have believed for 20 years that seagal is italian :) kinda changes your perception doesn't it.

please save your money and go see something else. this movie was such piece of crap. i didnt want to go, but i had to so i thought i'd laugh at least once, nope. not a single laugh, it was that horrible! chris kattan will never get a good comedy role after this and "a night at the roxbury." this movie is completely obvious, has no smart humor at all, and just repeats itself over and over again. listen to me, and stray as far away from this movie as you possibly can!

corky romano has to be one of the most jaw dropping and horrific "comedy's" ever made.while the sometimes amusing chris kattan who pulled off a very funny performance in the hilarious 'undercover brother' his character in corky is so stupid and so unfunny-which is a shame since the premise is a wonderful idea. to bad they ran out of them when they got to page 3 on the script.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** from its very opening credits this fantastic movie sets the record straight: it's an instant classic. it doesn't take long to realize that this movie is big, bigger than `kindergarten cop' or `police academy 7.' the sheer greatness of it left me speechless as i walked out of the movie theater and proceeded right back to the ticket counter to purchase myself another dozen of tickets.this is a movie that simply requires multiple viewings. the first watching will surely leave you with that strange `huh?' feeling, but don't feel embarrassed - it happens to the best of us. the story is so diabolically clever that one has to wonder about the mortality of its authors. what seems to be a simple story of an idiot infiltrating the fbi, turns out to be an allegorical story that works on several levels and teaches us all about the really important things in life. the complexity of the plot structure will baffle you on your first viewing, but don't give up! not until my sixth or seventh viewing did i only begin to unravel some of the hidden mysteries of `corky romano.' and watch out for the unexpected twist at the end, otherwise you might be caught completely off guard when it is revealed that fbi agent brick davis is fbi's most-wanted criminal, corky is not a real fbi agent, pops romano is innocent, peter romano admits he's illiterate and paulie romano comes out of the closet as a homosexual. surprised the hell out of me, i can tell you that much.chris kattan's comedic talents are unmatched as he leads his character corky romano through a maze of totally unpredictable situations. reminiscent of john reynolds' performance in `manos, the hands of fate,' kattan takes on innumerable multiple personalities and tackles all scenes with perfect comedic timing. however, kattan is not just about comedy. he is a master of drama as well, as he controls the audience's feelings with the slightest moves of his face. his facial expressions reflect life itself, in a way. for example, in the scene in which he farts into his brothers' faces, you can see the expression of social injustice and alienation clearly reflected on his anguished face. at a moment like that, it's hard to find a dry eye in the house.screenwriters david garret and jason ward are the real heroes of `corky romano.' with a story of such proportions, it's easy to understand why two experienced writers had to be employed to complete this ambitious project. their skillful storytelling and unorthodox structuring makes `pulp fiction' look like a mediocre saturday night live skit. garret and ward's story is so compelling and alluring that it grips you by your hair, swallows you entirely, shakes you around and spits you right out. at the end of the out-of-this-world experience known as `corky romano' you find yourself a different person with different worldviews and different ideas, and with only one question on your mind:why, god? why?!?

direction must be the problem here. i recently heard john cleese speaking of working a skit for fawlty towers. he was supposed to attack his car with a branch. the first branch was too flimsy and not funny. the second branch was too stiff to be funny. the third was just flimsy enough to be funny. this sort of attention to detail is missing from "corky romano". no matter how embarrassingly unfunny a comic bit was, it wasn't fixed, and wasn't left on the cutting room floor. the one value i can find in this movie is as a study of a very flawed movie which somehow escaped into distribution without being repaired.i've scanned dozens of other reviews here. the number of reviews praising this absolute waste of time bolsters my suspicion that some people are getting paid to promote titles. i can't fathom how anyone over the age of 9 could rate this title more than a 4, max. i mean, come on, 5 is average. i can't imagine anyone, even those making money off of this, rating it even as much as average.this makes my list of the 10 worst movies of all time. and, hey, i actually like the three stooges and can even tolerate ed wood!

i vowed a long time ago to never, ever watch a movie that has anyone who ever was a regular cast member of "saturday night live". i didn't rent "corky romano" but i was forced by my unfailing good manners to watch it for half an hour. then my good manners failed. stupid, not funny. tedious, not hilarious. bad, not good. that in a nutshell is all i can say for this video.

i did not watch the entire movie. i could not watch the entire movie. i stopped the dvd after watching for half an hour and i suggest anyone thinking of watching themselves it stop themselves before taking the disc out of the case.i like mafia movies both tragic and comic but corky romano can only be described as a tragic attempt at a mafia comedy.the problem is corky romano simply tries too hard to get the audience to laugh, the plot seems to be an excuse for moving chris kattan (corky) from one scene to another. corky himself is completely overplayed and lacks subtlety or credulity - all his strange mannerisms come across as contrived - chris kattan is clearly 'acting' rather than taking a role - it bounces you right out of the story. each scene is utterly predictable, the 'comedic event' that will occur on the set is obvious as soon as each scene is introduced. in comedies such as mr. bean the disasters caused by the title character are funny because you can empathise with the characters motivations and initial event and the situation the character ends up in is not telegraphed. corky however gives the feeling that he is deliberately screwing up in a desperate attempt to draw a laugh from the audience.if chris had not played such an alien character (who never really connects with the other characters in the movie) and whose behaviour is entirely inexplicable (except for trying to draw laughs) and the comedy scenes weren't so predictable and stereotyped - all the jokes seemed far too familiar) this movie could have been watchable. but it isn't. don't watch it.

i could only get through about 25 mins of it. not one laugh in the 25 minutes i gave it, one of the most painful films i've ever had to endure. chris kattan is so nervous on screen that it made me nervous to watch him. just a horrible movie.

wow. some movies just leave me speechless. this was undeniably one of those movies. when i left the theatre, not a single word came to my mouth. all i had was an incredible urge to slam my head against the theatre wall to help me forget about the last hour and a half. unfortunately, it didn't work. honestly, this movie has nothing to recommend. the humor was at the first grade level, at best, the acting was overly silly, and the plot was astronomically far-fetched. i hearby pledge never to see an other movie starring chris kattan or any other cast-member of snl.

why is this film so bad? well, if being so stupidly annoying and unfunny is a reason, then this film is it. the character of corky romano is unlikable at best and downright infuriating at worst. the gags are predictable but that isn't what makes it bad. they are the lame sort of predictable jokes that your unfunny friend would say.corky romano is about a mild mannered vet that tries to do right but is so clumsy. his quiet life is thrown for a loop when the family that once spurned him now needs him to infiltrate the fbi to destroy any trace of the family's crime history. however, it isn't that easy for corky because the fbi believes him to be a super agent and pegs him with the duty of spying on his very own family. mishaps and mayhem ensue but it really doesn't feel like any comic hijixn are there. corky ends up in love with his beautiful fbi partner and has to set the record straight with both the fbi and his family if he is to settle down to the quiet life again.i think what makes this film irritating is both the lead actor and the supposed jokes. chris kattan reveals his alarming limitations as and actor here as his one note slapstick routine falls flat about 10 minutes into the film. it is okay to have a full movie based solely off of dumb, slap stick humor. will ferrel, kattan's snl partner, seems to have made a full career out of it. the only difference between kattan and ferrel is that ferrel knows when to tone it down and rely on other ways of telling a joke. there is absolutely no diversity in kattan's routine. it's hard to hear the same joke twice, but for a whole movie that is just pure torture.the other problem with the movie was the lack of truly original and funny jokes. the gay mafia brother, the awkward guy sch-tick, and plenty of other forgettable jokes appear none as funny as the first time you barely laughed at it. it seems as if the screenwriters had more of a fun time writing this than any one had watching it. even with a cast that has some comedic talent (chris penn, peter falk) the jokes that commence are tired. there is no chemistry too. this film was obviously one for the pocketbooks for the actors. no body seemed to care about it, or even try. sad thing is, no body told chris kattan that.

probably the only thing that got the movie up to a four for me is the fact that i love peter falk. one of the world's great portrayers of bumbling incompetence . . . and yet he is one of the only anchors that prevents this from being a chaotic disaster. as pops romano, he provides a respectable mix of gangster charm and straight man to chris kattan's manic foolishness. respectable performances are also offered by richard roundtree as the harried boss, vinessa shaw as a talented female fbi agent bouncing her head off a glass ceiling and fred ward as falk's advisor and benedict arnold.the plot concept actually has some wonderful possibilities and, in the hands of a young steve martin or chevy chase, could have proved a great comedic vehicle. kattan, who seems to idolize ernest or pee wee herman, just provides a muddled mess. sadly, peter berg and chris penn, who portray his misfit brothers, both fall far short of their proven capability.there are some very funny scenes, but they are far too few and separated by way too many boring ones. what i truly miss here is what always attracted me to the leslie neilsen movies. there is no 'second level' of wit riding over the slapstick. no cultural references that only the adults get. . no double entendre. . it is just silly.and, by the way, this doesn't all mean that i am recommending it for your 9-year-old, because hopefully they have better taste and less fascination with some of their body parts and their functions.

the script for this tv soap opera is so bad that even a. hopkins at some point had to play like an undergrad drama-student so as to bring some life in his script-dead character. i do not know whether this was the purpose of the director, but hopkins' ciano reeked nothing but vanity, fear and lack of self-esteem. the real ciano possibly was all that but then, why make a movie about him? mussolini was a bit more convincing, and his long way down was as if closer to the truth. edda mussolini was plain ridiculous (not because of sarandon, but because of the impotent script), while she had to be the central character of this alleged familial drama. watch it only if you enjoy venezuelan soap opera.

in são paulo, the upper middle class teenagers cristiano, chico and gabriel have just joined the university and on the eve of the opening class, they go to a party with drugs and booze. on the next day, after their classes, the date of cristiano in the previous night comes to his house and the three friends rape the girl. the girl dies, they panic and decide to get rid off the body, but cristiano's mother arrives, startles with gabriel and rolls the staircase, breaking her neck. the trio decides to dump and burn the corpses in a garbage landfill, but along the night other tragedies happen.the polemic and shameful "cama de gato" is an overrated pretentious crap about alienation of the youth, and is certainly the worst brazilian movie that i have seen along many years. the shallow, tragic and dark story is actually a black humor comedy of bad taste. the screenplay is not funny, with stupid lines and dialogs, and boring, manipulative and silly footages with interviews with morons teenagers in the beginning and in the end. the acting is terrible, apparently with many improvisations, but no talent, and i was disappointed with presence of the promising caio blat in this trash. the camera, framing, cinematography and edition are amateurish and of very low quality. the sound is awful and in many parts it is impossible to understand what the actors and actresses are speaking (probably it is a plus, since this flick sucks). the gang bang is very realistic and used to promote this mediocre movie in a very poor marketing of sex-exploitation. my vote is one (awful).title (brazil): "cama de gato" ("bed of the cat")

though i'd heard that "cama de gato" was the worst brazilian movie of the decade, i watched it giving it a chance; after all, first-time director/producer/writer alexandre stockler managed to make his debut feature (shot in video) for just us$ 4,000 and -- though it looks even cheaper -- i can't begin to imagine all he went through to finally get it exhibited in theaters with no big sponsors or production companies behind it (then as i watched it i realized why). but whatever chances you're ready to give to "cama de gato", they shrink to zero within 10 minutes: it's an unbelievably preposterous, verbose, ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray brazilian upper-middle class youth as a bunch of spoiled neo-nazis hooked on bad sex, drugs and violence (and they're made to look like closeted gays too), made with no visible trace of talent, imagination, expertise or notion of structure. visually and aurally, it recalls the worst amateur stuff you can find on youtube -- only here it lasts ninety two (count'em) minutes of unrelenting hysteria and clumsiness, and it's not even funny-bad.we've all seen the story before: bored young guys want to have fun, go partying, take drugs and everything goes wrong -- there's gang-rape, spanking, murder, the accidental death (falling down the staircase!!) of the mother of one of the boys, culminating with the boys deciding to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a garbage landfill. moral and literal garbage, get it? the film is heavily influenced by larry clark (especially "kids" and "bully"), but clark's films -- though also moralist and sexploitative -- are high-class masterworks compared to this crap.i don't think there was ever such monomaniacal drive in a filmmaker to stick his ideas down the audience's throat: stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his non-stop moralist rant into our brains by repetition and exhaustion -- you do get numb-minded with so much babbling, yelling, inept direction, shaky camera and terrible acting going on. stockler doesn't care a bit about technique (the quality of the images, framing, sound recording, soundtrack songs, dialog, sets, editing, etc is uniformly appalling), but he's a narcissistic control-freak: he anticipates the criticisms he's bound to get by adding subtitles with smartie/cutie comments, and by making the protagonists comment at one point how far-fetched and phony it all is (i could relate to that). despite his megalomaniac ambitions, stockler seems incapable of giving us a minimum of visual or narrative structure -- he can't even decide if he wants gritty realism (hand-held video camera etc) or stylization (repetition of scenes, use of alternate takes, etc). damn, he can't even decide where to put his camera (there's use of subjective camera for the three leads)! the dialog features some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever; the plot exists simply to justify the director's profound hatred for his characters and what they stand for. all you see is a filmmaker being hateful, preachy, condemning, moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent (or technique) to go with it.it's very disappointing to find caio blat in this mess. certainly one of the most promising young film actors in brazil, with his sleepy-eyed puppy dog looks and emotional edge that often recall sal mineo's, blat can be highly effective under good direction (as in "carandiru", "lavoura arcaica", "proibido proibir"). here, he's told to go over the top and he has to play with some of the most embarrassingly under-equipped "actors" in recent memory. he also enters the risky realm of graphic sexploitation scenes (so goddawful they look rather like web-cam porn).the film opens and ends with real interviews with "typical" (?) middle-class youth -- stockler wants us to take those interviews as "proof" of what he's trying to preach in fiction. but he blatantly despises and makes fun of his interviewees, selecting a highlight of abject, racist, sexist, stupid statements (which only shows assholes exist everywhere). stockler wants to prove that brazilian middle-class youths are all present or future fascists because they're middle-class and enjoy recreational drugs (is he saying all neo-fascists are on drugs?? or that drugs potentialize fascist behavior?? i couldn't tell). with its dogmatic self-righteousness, headache-inducing technique and mind-bending boredom, "cama de gato" is bad for a 1,000 reasons but, above all, it's harmful in a very insidious manner: it gives detractors of brazilian cinema a powerful case of argument. "cama de gato" is best unwatched, unmentioned, buried and forgotten.

this show seemed to be kinda good. kyra sedgwick is an ok actress and i like police series, but somewhere in the production this program went awfully wrong. first of all, the writers should have more suspects than one, you know who did it every time!!!!! that makes it boring. the main character is unbelievably annoying and its not believable in any way. i know they wanted her to be tough, but shes mean, stupid and a bad chief. the crimes are uninteresting and bland, and its just lame all the way. as stated above, i hate it.... all in all, this was a big disappointment and very bad indeed...

my husband and i were intrigued by the spectacle - a strong willed southern lady with a messy personal life solves crimes for the lapd. the first season was must-see tv for us. unfortunately, the stories of her personal life in the second season became so tedious and unworthy of the strong character that we stopped watching.my husband and i were troubled by the episode where she tries to hide from her mother the fact that she is shacked up. but the deal breaker was the episode where she hides her possible pregnancy from her boyfriend but tells her boss. why would a strong, middle aged woman do those things? the answer is she wouldn't. additionally, my husband and i pick out the bad guy with almost perfect accuracy. it is almost always a white male or female introduced in cameo at the murder scene or in an idealized family. can't the script writers do something original from time to time? as i mentioned, we are no longer viewers. we prefer shows that don't betray the characters and insult our intelligence.

this program didn't do it for me, although i'm a fan of the genre. the major factor that disappointed me was that there was not a single scene which was not dominated by the main character. this made it a bit two-dimensional and i gave up before the program was over.i was hoping to leave my critique there as i'm no movie critic, however, the guidelines on imdb state that you must put in 10 lines of commentary. it did remind me of hudson hawk in the way the main character is in every single scene, and i would hope that the writers of this program could employ some more diversity to engage with the viewers. i don't doubt the talent of any of the cast and crew, it's just that after watching things like "the wire", i've come to expect great things from cop drama.

to be honest i knew what to expect before i watched this film, and i've got to say it has the worst acting i've ever seen. it does have its moments, and on a comedy level its very entertaining, but i'm afraid its not scary, and stupidity is taken to a new level. there's a lot of unnecessary gore, and the plot is all over the place. i have no idea why the aliens were evil, and why they even came to this remote part of wales, (i mean who'd go there anyway?) but i didn't care at that point, because i was amused by the costumes, and the bad cgi. as far as b-movies go, this deserves the title of 'being so bad, its good', and kudos to the film-makers, because they probably knew what they were doing. long may these films continue.....

evil aliens owes a huge debt to peter jacksons early films bad taste and braindead.i must confess to never enjoying those films particularly and i say the same about this.jake west is a director who clearly lacks inspiration of his own and chooses to steal from those whom he looks up to.i lost count of the amount of times a major hollywood film was quoted most notably james camerons aliens.the amount of blood and gore on show here isn't funny either,the latter end of the film becomes tired and dragged out.maybe it would have worked better as a short film.the actors a poor,the direction is weak and the plot is non existent.i can see what the director was trying to do,the homage he was trying to pay,but others have done the same thing a lot better than presented here. 4/10

largely dense road movie with some comic relief provided by the excellent john cleese (although he is really sending up his performance in fawlty towers). seems to flip from over the top slapstick to slushy sentimentality at the drop of a hat, and the worst part of the film is that martin and hawn have to "find themselves", who they are, etc. see it at your peril.

when i saw previews of this movie i thought that it may be dumb, but it will at least be funny. well i was wrong. even though somewhere deep down the producers had an interesting message to convey about parents being left alone and re-evaluating their life, the way they tried to deliver that message was horrible. the first fifty times something silly happened to the couple was relatively funny. but by the end, i could almost predict what stupid mishap is going to happen next.throughout the movie i like a total of maybe five lines of dialogue and everything else was at best mediocre, which is still more than i can say for the movie itself.

it's terrific when a funny movie doesn't make smile you. what a pity!! this film is very boring and so long. it's simply painfull. the story is staggering without goal and no fun.you feel better when it's finished.

we all know what's like when we have a bad day at the office, right? well, this neil simon comedy looks at what it's like when you have the worst of all days just trying to get to the office. sometimes, it's just not worth going, know what i mean? and, sometimes, it's just not worth doing something when it's already been done before, in 1970, with jack lemmon and sandy dennis... and much better also.it's not that steve martin is a lousy comedian or wrong for the role as the harried and stressed advertising exec; quite to the contrary, on both counts. and, it's not that goldie hawn is equally inept either; her work has been consistently good, if not great, ever since i first saw her in tv's rowan and martin's laugh-in of the 1960s.the problem with this movie is that it's not about the hapless couple at all: it's really about new york and why everybody should come to new york to live and love their lives away in married bliss  sort of  in the greatest city in the world. that's if you're a new yorker...look, the 1970 movie is still an excellent comedy that realistically explored all the things that can go wrong when you take a trip somewhere, and included most of the situations and sight gags that you can imagine about what can happen to you in a strange environment. this 1999 version unfortunately goes off into gratuitous tangents specifically for an audience these days that expects or wants to see excess. for example, not content with the star appeal of the main players, there is a cameo (relatively long also) from rudy giuliani, then mayor of new york, as we all know. what  giuliani bucking for president even then? worse  a walking talking advertisement for the kinder face of new york.and then we have john cleese, reprising his role as basil fawlty  but this time, as a prancing cross-dresser also  once again browbeating hotel staff, sycophantically sucking up to rich customers and generally making himself look like the idiot he is, in this role. and, in the process, doing great damage to the memory of fawlty towers, arguably the best british comedy series, bar none...why was this 1999 movie made? in the 1970s, new york was a dying city, in many ways. it was almost literally bankrupt. so, when made in 1970, that was the city you saw: grim, dark, moody, unsettling and not the place that the harassed couple finally chose for their new life together in the big smoke (as it was then, polluted and all). by 1999, things had gotten better: glitz was back, new york was thriving, it was the big apple, ready for you to bite into, if you had the moxie...so, naturally, the couple in this second coming find that moxie within themselves and finally join the fabulous fray to continue the american dream of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. hence, this movie is truly comic but not for reasons that the producers perhaps envisaged. as much as i like steve martin and goldie hawn in comedy, this movie is a travesty of the much better one made with the great jack lemmon. if you've seen the latter, then definitely don't bother with this one.

someone should tell goldie hawn that her career as a teen-age gamin ended thirty years ago. this is one of the worst films released in years, an unequivocal disaster in which the two leads give themselves over to a frenetic exposition of their trademark tics in an effort to make up for a bad script and bad directing. this thing should have been smothered at birth.i hope john cleese got paid a lot for having his name attached to this disaster. he is the only performer who came through this stinking mess more or less unscathed, his only fault being a failure to realize that the rest of the cast would sink the picture.

this film so not funny - such a waste of great stars, who seem to be caught up so in their own stardom that they forget. only shining moments belong to john cleese as the hotel manager who likes to dress up - you almost fall out of your chair with helpless laughter when he dances to donna summer's "bad girls" while wearing high heels, a mink coat and a dainty hat. the rest: forget it!

one would think (as i did), that with steve martin, goldie hawn, and john cleese, a movie should be, at the very least, decent. these stars (especially martin and cleese) have produced some of the funniest works of comedy of all time.well, apparently i was grossly mistaken--this is single-handedly one of the worst movies i have ever seen. it boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny. it pained me to watch these talented actors execute one of the most positively lame scripts i have had the misfortune to come across. based solely on the big names, i remained hopeful for a long time through the duration of the film, but it consistently failed to provide any entertainment whatsoever.normally, both with movies and in life, i try to stay away from biased comments and broad generalizations. but with this film, it's hard not to let loose. i can count on one hand, perhaps even two or three fingers, major hollywood productions that left me more bitter than this. this is easily one of the worst comedies ever made.i tried to enjoy this---i really did. but the out-of-towners ultimately fails miserably. if you really want time-efficient entertainment, just take your money and watch it swirl as you flush it down the toilet. just please don't watch this movie.

within 15 minutes, my whole family was rooting for goldie hawn's character to die, or at least for steve martin's character to leave her. at 40 minutes, we turned it off. there are only a couple of movies a year we try that turn out so annoying that we can't even stomach it long enough for the story to get established.normally i like both steve martin and goldie hawn, and i remember enjoying the neil simon original. so i blame marc lawrence and sam weisman. combine the director of "whats the worst that can happen" and the writer of "miss congeniality 2", and i guess this is what we end up with.

granted, this seems like a good idea. steve martin, goldie hawn, and john cleese in a neil simon comedy. where can you go wrong? watch the movie, and you'll find out.in truth, martin, the lead, is mis-cast. he's not doing the great slapstick he's known for, from movies like "the jerk", but instead plays a sort of in-between character that doesn't work. hawn, with no one to play off of, is terrible. cleese is the only even partially funny member.to top it off, the plot is pretty stupid. i can't say how much of it may have been changed, but the characters seem to lack the slightest bit of common sense. they blunder through new york, not doing anything right, and unfortuneatly, nothing funny. not only is the whole premise completely unbelievable, it seems to give the message that people who don't live in new york aren't very bright, a theme repeated throughout the movie.in summation, instead of seeing this, go rent the original "odd couple" again.

in an apparent attempt to avoid remaking the original movie an excellent cast that should have made this inherently funny, classic neil simon material better than the original failed on every level.the chemistry between goldie hawn and steve martin that was magic in `housesitter' was nonexistent in this effort.

"ask the dust" looked intriguing from the trailer, and we especially like all of the actors. unfortunately, the movie was not compelling enough to be considered drama, and it wasn't funny enough to be a comedy. it practically seemed to satirize itself, and to no entertaining effect. after seventy minutes of waiting for this thing to get better, my wife and i walked out, valuing not having wasted any more time on such nonsense. it simply was not interesting, moving, funny nor artistic. it appears as though it were written, produced and directed by a high school kid; worse yet, it was such a shameful waste of otherwise extraordinarily talented actors, not to mention our time and money.

a film starring salma hayek and colin farrell, two respected and talented actors, sounds like a great idea. an independent film sounds even better. the studios will control less of the content allowing the actors and writers and director more creativity.but then why is this movie so bland? ask the dust.this film assumes right off the bat that we are deeply invested in the characters. no one is given a proper back story, so we don't ever know why the characters act the way they do.explanations for physical and emotional scars are left to our imagination, if you still have one left at the end of this movie.i told a friend that i went to see this film, and that i thought it was awful.her question: "not even colin farrell could save it?" my response: "not even colin farrell's ass could save it."

i love the depiction of the 30s and 40s in film. i love salma hayek. i was more than ready to love this picture. but . . .booooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ! ! ! !! ! no sir, nothing good about this. the only entertaining aspect for me was colin farrell's character is an insecure writer and this screenplay, despite tackling the juicy subject of racism, approaches the audience in the fashion of an abc afterschool special.the only person who didn't sound like he was "acting' was sutherland, and his minutes were few.stale approach to a tired plot.

it must have been excruciating to attend the dailies as the shooting continued on this failure of a film. probably cruise, the exec. prod., saw what was happening and had towne use much, much more of the nude footage in the final cut then towne wanted to, to make up for the disaster he saw looming.(maybe cruise even thought of "titanic".)a few items: colin farrell can't act his way out of a paper bag. but he's one of the flavors-of-the-decade, a producer's darling and one is forced to avoid the embarrassment of watching him by not attending his films. he has so many moments of not believing in what he's doing and you can see it in his eyes. i think he would have been at his best as a film actor, albeit not as rich or famous as he is now, playing second banana to dynamic leads who can act. the trap of spending a lot of money for period sets, costumes, cars, et al and photographing them as if they just came from the dry cleaner or car wash/wax. no one seems to want anything to look, well, worn. or dirty. is this because the production designer was told by the line producer to make sure they didn't ruin the stuff because then the company wouldhave to pay for the ruined items?this was a story about the depression-thirties folks, not a disney broadway musical about that era. how about doing it in black and white or better yet, given caleb deschanel as your d.p., have him desaturate the colors during the mix to suggest some of the actual grime and poorness of the times. it should have been, after all, a bit depressing to live so desperately as these folks did, in the depression. more on farrell. did anyone for a moment believe this guy was a writer? h.l. mencken on the wall; did i see his eyes roll at one point? hayek and farrell as a sexually dynamic duo? sending a boy to do a man's work? perhaps in the book, which i haven't read, the story was about an older woman and a youth. i cannot delve too deeply into the middle to latter parts of the film because i bailed out early on. but the memory of the scenes i did see made me think that someone was doing a not-too-amusing parody of a noir movie. sort of what saturday night live has been like for the past decade: not funny. (in my mind i kept thinking of a guy noir sketch, music and all.)

a friend told me of john fante last summer after we got into a conversation about charles bukowski. i did not know that fante was a favorite writer of bukowski's - an author with similar edge and humor except from one generation earlier. 'ask the dust' was the first fante book i read, and it remains one of my favorite novels. the novel was a brilliant piece of writing about a sad, frightened young writer posing to himself and the outside world as an overconfident, masterfully talented author who had no idea how to write about the real world experiences he had none of. in the novel the protagonist is a virgin, with no idea how to win the graces of the women he desperately wants to write about in magazines. the story of his bizarre relationship with camilla, how he settles for his first sexual experience with a 'wounded' admirer, and how he eventually is left with nothing but the story of his failed attempts at love is biting and real, with no touching hollywood ending. the film adaptation stays true to the book for a while, but meanders into the cinematic trap of love persevering through racism, sickness and death. the heart of this story lies in the fact that bandini is a jerk and camilla is f-ing crazy, and their love never was and never would be the real thing, no matter how much either of them wanted to find it in each other. this movie tore out the real meaning of the story out and replaced it with schlock. i can't believe the man who wrote chinatown could read this book and make a movie about it that got it so wrong.

this movie proves that good acting comes from good direction and this does not happen in ask the dust. colin farrell is usually a fine actor but in this he is juvenile. donald sutherland comes across as an amateur. why? because the script is awful, the adaptation is awful and the actors seem bored and half hearted. the atmosphere of the movie is bad - i could only think when it would finish and i turned it off half way. the director has done a very poor job and even though i have not read the novel it is certainly a missed chance. the atmosphere this film is trying to evoke and the message and storyline never reaches the audience. in one word, it is a terrible film.

this is a movie that demonstrates that mood and music and texture aren't enough to make a good film. sure, the viewer is treated to numerous fine scenes of los angeles in the thirties--i especially liked the view of the trolley approaching the tunnel, and the tram rising up the hillside--but in a sense this fine cinematography is self-defeating, because it creates a mood that "something's going to happen"--and nothing does. the script too keeps feinting toward some plot or action or trauma--and time after time not delivering. not even delivering the (i assume) theme of the movie, the characters' essential misfit. the lead actors, both too pretty for their roles, didn't convey any repression or agony, and the script didn't expose us to any.now, donald sutherland? that's another story. his character was so well fashioned, so perfectly played, that i wanted the camera to follow him.

one of the other commenters mentioned that they almost walked out. if i hadn't been with my wife, who wanted to stay, i would have left. it's a shame, too, because i think it could have been a good movie. but this is easily one of the worst adapted screenplays i've ever seen. it starts out nowhere and it goes nowhere (i would say it goes nowhere fast, but it really goes nowhere slow...painfully slow). from time to time there are hints that something interesting might happen, or that there is potentially some depth underneath one of the characters, but that's all we get - hints. there is not a single payoff or revelation in the entire movie. not that i need a slick plot to be entertained...i love a good meandering character study as much as the next indie buff. but these characters add up to nothing. for the entire duration of the film you don't care what happens to a single one of them. as a matter of fact, you almost start hoping they die, because at least a death might be more interesting than watching their inexplicable behavior, which is so strange and unpredictable that you'd think it in itself would be compelling, but it's not. instead of quirky, noir-esquire characters acting in hard-boiled fashion, you simply recognize it immediately for what it is: a bunch of talented but miscast actors, brooding and raising their eyebrows while reading bizarre dialogue without a hint of relevant context. all this for two plodding, painfully slow hours. awful.

i'll be blunt. i'm not one for politically correct movies where the woman plays the bad ass who's not going to take any crap from anyone. if any one of the cast members wanted to, they could have just taken her out in a heartbeat. it was entertaining on mst 3k, but don't rent the real version. trust me. have i ever lied to you?

sure it takes place in the west, but the title makes it seem like it is a conventional western. instead, it is a movie of a woman sheriff. make no mistake though this is a bad movie about a woman sheriff. she becomes sheriff when her husband is gunned down; she is only a tad bit upset by this. her main goal is to go after the villain who is also a woman, but the villain hires a guy to kill her. so this is what happens, the hero falls in love with the killer and vice versa. utterly stupid, as anyone killed in this movie has the new sheriff to thank. she had more than a few chances to put the killer behind bars, but i guess because she liked him she wouldn't do it. the killer is also after the mayor of the town for personal reasons that are also rather dumb. this movie is very boring and not really worth watching...it is not one of the better episodes of mst3000 they made. i can not imagine anyone seeing this without them because that would make it that much more painful. corman is a low budget director, but even he should know better than to have people go into one place and coming out another.

i guess that "gunslinger" wasn't quite as god-awful as most of the movies that "mystery science theater 3000" shows, but westerns just aren't roger corman's forte. portraying rose hood (beverly garland) becoming sheriff in an old west town after her sheriff husband gets murdered and having to fight off baddies, the movie is pretty predictable. john ireland is rose's new hubby, secretly working for unctuous allison hayes (yes, the 50-foot woman). also appearing briefly is frequent corman co-star dick miller as a mailman (miller nowadays stars in joe dante's movies).i do wish to assert that you'll probably want to watch the "mst3k" version to really enjoy this movie. they had a great time with it.

beverly garland was born in the wrong time. she was an actress ahead of her time, bringing power and grace to even such lame flicks as the corman films she starred in. in gunslinger, she's the town sheriff's wife. he gets offed, so she takes over his job to pursue his killers. she's better than the material she's working with, by far. the movie is gray, stilted, and mostly boring. there's some(unintentional)humor with the tire tracks everywhere, people running behind one building to emerge suddenly in front of another (i've heard of false fronts, but this is ridiculous!), and the truly stupid plot line of the newly widowed sheriff falling in love with the guy hired to kill her. even if she hadn't loved her husband, it had only been something like a week or two since he'd died! and she ends up shooting the guy to death in the end, anyway. no luck with men, this one.the villain of the piece is another woman, the saloon owner. she's scheming to buy up a bunch of land just in case the railroad goes through and makes her rich. her plan of action if it doesn't is pretty lame-she'll just steal as much from the town as she can and skedaddle. hell, it's just her and her hired gun at the end against an entire town. are you telling me these people aren't armed? look what happened in real towns of the old west when bank robbers came in to rob the bank, then were cut down in a hail of bullets by the armed and dangerous town folk.there'a a lot of pointless talking and riding around, interspersed with a few lame shoot outs. the ending is as grim as usual in a corman flick, although thank goodness it lacks the moral proselytizing at the end that was in it conquered the world. the sheriff turns over her badge to sam bass and rides off into the sunset, although the movie was so gray that you never saw the sun.

- when the local sheriff is killed, his wife takes over until and is determined to clean-up the town. not everyone in town, however, is happy with what she's doing. when the sheriff orders a curfew in town, the local saloon owner (also a woman) hires a killer to take care of the sheriff. there's no way the saloon owner could know that the sheriff and the killer would fall in love.- gunslinger is an example of what happens when you have a fairly interesting concept and combine it with poor execution. there's a good movie here somewhere trying to get out. in more capable hands or with a larger budget, gunslinger might have been an entertaining look at the role of women in the old west. as it is, gunslinger is a sloppy mess of a movie.- there are just so many things wrong with the movie: a supporting cast with no acting ability, stilted and unnatural dialogue, and sets that look like sets. but the biggest offender is the editing. i was amazed at how many times a scene would begin with the actors (and horses for that matter) obviously waiting for corman to yell "action". the best is the scene of two riders on horseback just standing beside a building. all of a sudden, they take off and come racing around the corner like they had been riding hard for several miles. or, take the example of people who can seemingly transport themselves across town. we see a man enter a building and a second later emerge across town to mount his horse.- it's not as if corman didn't have a few decent actors to work with. while none were great stars, beverly garland, john ireland, and allison hayes were all capable of turning in a good performance. but, in gunslinger, they're not given much to work with.- i have now seen both the mst3k and non-mst3k versions of the movie. i would strongly recommend going the mst3k route.

i'll admit that i don't expect much from a roger corman film. generally, i expect a lot of walking and bad scripts. yet in this case, i am pleasantly surprised.the gunslinger is a story of a woman (played by the spunky beverly garland) who takes over as sheriff after her husband is brutally murdered. ms. garland is a pretty good shot herself, killing one of the murderers the next day at her husband's funeral. her first task is to shut down the local bar that is violating the town curfew. the bar's owner is trying to buy land in anticipation of being bought out by the (hoped-for) railroad. however, ms. garland is a thorn in her plans, and the bar matron hires a man to kill ms. garland.because of ms. garland's plays her role honestly and realistically, there is absolutely no temptation to go to suzanne somers "she's the sheriff" jokes. with the exception of a couple of faux pas (the apartment door that opens out from the inside, jeep tracks, and the two horsemen waiting on screen for their cue to ride around a corner), the movie becomes quite passable as movie fare. however, corman could not resist padding his film with horse riding scenes, much like he does walking in other films.sterno says the gunslinger is a horse opera worth your time.

being a big fan of corman's horror movies i expected from his western a bit more than i got. well, i was entertained all right. i had almost as many laughs as watching mel brooks' blazing saddles.see the spectacle of mobile tire tracks on the prairie of the old west. you can kill time by counting them if there happens to be an otherwise boring scene going on. and the horses seem to have gears in them too, considered the fast-forward chases. see also the swinging bar room queens of the traditional wild west saloon doing a number that reminds of a certain fashionable dance from 1920's, here decades before the style was invented. hope the saloon around them won't crumple.in the middle of all this mayhem the main actors do a decent job. ireland, garland and hayes are all truly fine. a special praise for them for doing the best they could with the material that seems mostly having been lifted from 'johnny guitar', but doesn't quite impress the same way. but there is really nothing wrong with a laughable western like this. just like a really bad old horror movie, it might fail one way but succeeds to give joy anyway. that is one of the reasons corman's work appeals to me and that is why i dare to recommend you to experience this movie if you get the chance.

generally i don't like films directed by sydney pollack ("the firm" being somewhat of an exception) and i've never been a robert redford fan either. still, i thought "three days of the condor" must be good because of the number of praising comments it has received.although the widescreen cinematography is quite pleasing for the eye and max von sydow does a nice job as the sinister professional killer, i found the whole affair tremendously disappointing. the film undeniably radiates paranoid atmosphere, but everything is ruined by the muddled plot which doesn't seem to make any sense.the film also contains one of the most unsatisfying endings i have ever seen which really leaves the viewer hanging in the air. and what can one say about that absurd romance between redford and dunaway? i'd much rather watch any of hitchcock's films five times in succession than to sit through this piece of waste once more.

1st watched 2/28/2006 - 4 out of 10(dir-sydney pollack):-dvd version i watched titled "3 days of the condor"- so so cia drama full of laid-back performances making for a very laid-back movie. the premise of the story revolves around 7 out of 8 members of a cia research group being killed with robert redford's character, codename = condor, being the one that was left. who killed them and why? that's what redford tries to find out while trying to not be the 8th victim at the same time. along the way, he gets faye dunaway's character involved involved, originally because he needs a place to hide, and then she eventually helps him out after a little lovey-dovey time. this is one of a handful of innocent guy on the run stories but this one doesn't have a lot of suspense. the flat performances don't help and the finish doesn't seal the deal for the audience enough either. despite having a good director in sydney pollack and a group of classic performers, the story and the performances are not what they should be and therefore the movie is not what it should be.

i cannot get past the message of this movie. it's laid out much too clearly to ignore, and it is obscene because it has lost its sense of what it's about. i haven't read the novel, but pollack's film opens with a scene at a cia-front organization in new york, which is broken into by two professional assassins, headed by max von sydow, who proceed to brutally slaughter the half dozen quirky staff members we've come to know and understand. the staff include an elderly female receptionist, a fussy elderly professorial guy who's toupee falls off when he is machine-gunned (is that a joke?), and, last, the beautiful tina chen who looks up from the copier, realizes she is about to be murdered, and says, pitifully brave, "i won't scream." von sydow replies sympathetically, "i know." these murders are completely unexpected, savage, unmotivated by anything that we are aware of, and graphic. it is a brutal scene. there is absolutely no way in which von sydow and his henchman can be redeemed. and yet that is exactly what pollack tries to do towards the end.after having killed these innocent good guys, von sydow switches sides (because the other side is willing to pay him) and assassinates the evil mastermind behind a complicated intramural cia plot. the script then turns him into a perfectly reasonable, sensitive human being. "it is better to live in europe. things are not so rushed." or whatever. i swear i'm not making this up. pollack wants us to believe that it is better to be an honest mass murderer than a crooked bureaucrat. that's the message. you should write it down in case you forget. just exactly what kind of psychiatric shambles do you have to be in order to turn ordinary values, not to mention common sense, upside-down like that? i understand that there are thoughtful adults who dislike the government of the united states, even hate it, and who see conspiracies just about everywhere, providing a knee-jerk explanation for otherwise unexplainable events. i know that people who think this way exist because i number some of them among my closer friends. nevertheless, at some point this dislike, this hatred, if it increases in intensity, must pass beyond politics or ethics and into the realm of the psychiatric. i don't for a moment believe that a man who murders people for money is better than a sinister government official. i don't care how suave and cultured the murderer is or whether he knows how to reach the louvre on the metro. whoever is purveying that message needs either medication or meditation.i'd like to be able to argue that the production is as thoroughly rotten as its message, but i can't. it's quite well done. (in some ways that's worse, because it makes the film less dismissable.) even new york city looks photogenic on the screen. and it's been a long time since i've thought of new york as photogenic. robert redford does an admirable job of projecting his character's initial shock and confusion, but then turns into a telecommunicational semi-genius. and, man, he looks just fine! his wardrobe is just right. even his rimless glasses are becoming. and his peacoat. it's not everyone who can make a navy pea jacket look glamorous. he seems extremely handsome too, the swine. i want to look like that. i want to wear a denim shirt and a tie with such panache. faye dunaway is alright in her role but it's not too believable a role. would anybody eagerly sleep with a guy who has just kidnapped her and is holding her at gunpoint? even if he did look like redford? would anyone be emotionally wounded if, when this ambivalent relationship is about to end, redford asked her not to tell anybody about what happened? cliff robertson is surprisingly good. he does one or two extremely good double-takes. the mailman is superb. the fight between him and redford in a crowded apartment is exquisitely choreographed and, for once, we really don't know for sure how it will turn out, because redford (a book reader after all) seems mismatched against the brute cunning of this hired assassin. this is one of john housemann's final roles. a shame. he's a magnet on screen. and what an end to his life: a friend finds him lost, wandering the streets of new york, in a neighborhood he'd been familiar with for most of his life. yes, the movie is very well executed, but i can't ignore that vicious, paranoid message. i have the same problem with leni riefenstahl's "triumph of the will." or her olympic documentary in which the announcer is watching a foot race in which jesse owens is pulling into the lead and says ominously, "this negro is dangerous."

the small california town of diablo is plagued with mysterious deaths after sheriff robert lopez unearths an ancient box.legend has it that the box holds the sixteenth-century mexican demon named azar.fbi agent gil vega is sent to investigate the murders and joins forces with the sheriff's daughters,dominique and mary to fight with evil and bloodthirsty demon."the legend of diablo" is an absolute garbage.the film lacks scares and gore,the acting is amateurish and the direction is bad.the animation is the only one aspect of the film i enjoyed.i'm a big fan of indie horror flicks,for example i loved "torched","live feed","bone sickness" or "neighborhood watch",unfortunately "the legend of diablo" is a huge misfire.definitely one to avoid.

this may be one of the worst movies to ever make it to production, ever.1. the most exciting part is the beginning, where the guy is walking... and walking... and walking (spoiler). there is about 15 minutes of just walking. how? 2. not to mention there's a lot of issues with the lighting, and it's almost like they even shot the night scenes during the day. 3. the acting was terrible. it looks like they found a community theater (in mexico)... and then took the people who were turned away.please, for the love of everything holy, don't rent this movie. if you know someone who owns it, apologize to them. the director should be subject to punishment through the war crimes tribunal for foisting this on the public.

me, my boyfriend, and our friend watched this "movie" if thats what u wanna call it, and we agree with the last person, but we were stupid and bought the damn thing, we thought it really was about diablo so we bought it.we hate it really suxz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! so beware: do not buy this thing they call a movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!we would return it, but don't no if anybody would want this stupid movie.oh and another thing, the shouldn't call it "the legend of diablo" they should of called it "legend of azar".and this movie is rated r????? this should not of even been not rated.we think that diablo would be crying his eyes out laughing at this stupid movie.this is a movie that would have been done by a church.theses "actors" are never gonna become nothing because this movie.

the good news is a movie was made, drawing on a supposed aztec myth and featuring an unusually aztec-american (is such a word exists) cast. the bad news is, it was dead at birth.if ed wood had come out of retirement and coached george romaro through his classic 'night of the living dead,' this is what we might have come up with. 'the legend of diablo' is clearly fodder for any future resurrections of 'mystery science theatre 3000!'i don't think one can even call this a 'b' movie. the production values are so abysmal that i kept getting the feeling i was watching either a lengthy skit from a variety show or a backyard 8-mm film shot by a group of school kids. some spoilersthe basic plot line sounded interesting enough to lure me into renting it. a rural california sheriff finds a box containing an aztec demon and accidentally unleashes it on the unsuspecting community. his daughters, one hot and one homely, team with a gringo fbi man and a priest, to try to re-cage the demon. meanwhile, every zombie scene one has ever seen in previous undead movies is re-enacted-poorly. these zombies walk more like an army of nutty professors than the undead! the supposed infrared scenes from the demon's viewpoint are nothing special  and he/she/it sure seems to back up a lot (as opposed to turning around the moving forward). and the scene where the priest lures the demon out of the cave in fast-motion is ludicrous! it really, really appears to be done for comic effect-although i know it wasn't! i kept expecting the benny hill theme music to start playing & for the whole gang of zombies to start chasing the priest all over the beach!of course the darth vader/field of dreams voice, calling the fbi agent becomes downright comical. then again, so was most of this cheese ball! robert napton, director and writer of the screenplay, should win something for this effort! (how about a lifetime blackballing, like the 'hollywood 10?') this one, i now see, is rated 1.5 on a 10-scale. i fear this might be a tad generous! is there anything good about this movie? well, lindsey lofaso looks pretty hot as the younger daughter of the dead sheriff. this is probably why her homely older sister (calvi pabon) really ran away from home! fred estrado is reasonably decent as the fbi agent. i wonder if mario soto, who played father rodriguez, is the same mario soto who pitched for the cincinnati reds? if so, he should have stuck to baseball. in fact, they couldn't have done any worse if they had gone with a baseball theme and called it 'demons in the outfield!'if i find out this was actually a project for a community college cinema class, i will issue apologies. it might be good enough for a b or even b+ as long as the gang got the college's camcorder back to campus in one piece! 'the blair witch project' proved that a cool, campy movie could be made on a shoestring. 'the legend of diablo,' though, didn't appear to have a shoestring or shoes to work from! it was low-budget, low-talent, low-everything. the very final scene-and i mean about the final 10 seconds of the film-is the only mildly creative or interesting moment.i paid $3.45 to rent this. i could have better spent it on a hamburger!

it is one of the worst movies i've ever seen, but hostel is definitely much more worse. this movie is more funny and ridiculous, than scary. i laughed most of the time when watched it. low quality effects (when you gonna watch it, you'll understand what i'm talking about and how low quality is that), bad actors (i hear of them for the first time), and it seems like it's shot by an amateur camcorder (so it looks more like a tv show, than a movie). but at least i've had the patience to watch it till the end. like comedies? watch it. wanna horror? go watch ju-on: the grudge or some other good horror movie.if i'm talking about the legend of diablo, i don't even know if i can classify it to a horror genre. just some low-budget crap.i rate it 3 out of 10

this isn't cinema. it isn't talent. it isn't informative. it isn't scary. it isn't entertaining. it isn't anything at all.i got this because my cousin says, "diablo! cool!" yeah, right. the only thing cool about this experience was the lone fact that i didn't buy it but rented it instead.it's shot like a bad soap opera. no wait. soap operas at least look professional...sorta. this? this looks like it was shot with someone's camcorder. it's horrid! wretched! it sux.the cinematography is detestable! who is this director anyway? i don't even care enough to look him up. he stinks! the performances by these poor unsuspecting actors were far better than this crap-fest deserved.2.6/10 on the "b" scale. that registers about a 0.3/10 on the "a" scale from...the fiend :.

as a mystery science theatre 3000 fan, i can withstand any motion picture that can be foisted upon me, but there is absolutely no reason for this.rated "super action" in the blockbuster video section and given the dreaded "restricted viewing sticker" i'm assuming these are the only methods that film maker (ha!) robert napton could use to get at least 4.50 from one unsuspecting person.shame on you robert napton! shame on you for exploiting these poor mexican actors who you probably promised hopes for making it big in american cinema. you are a disgrace!there isn't one moment in this movie that holds the slightest bit of action. did you use snot on these people? oh, look, they're having a rave in a field! like all 6 of them. and isn't that an asian guy in the background? why is it always daytime? why did it take 1/2 of the movie to show anything.. and more importantly why did we watch the other 1/2?ps: you owe me 4.50.

i rented this movie because it sounded pretty interesting but to my horror this movie was the worst movie i had ever seen! i read the comment from gumby-8 and he has to be a part of the cast or the crew. unless gumby-8 is a 4 year old child or some demented cult member no one in their right mind would think that this movie had any potential at all.i couldn't believe gumby-8's comments. quoting: "from the "dune" inspired opening animation to the quick pace...this film keeps the eye moving and works so well that repeat viewing is not unexpected."the animation is the only aspect of the movie that was interesting and the fact of that the film keeps the eye moving, well that's because you keep looking for any type of suspense. i mean give me a break halloween was shot with a budget of $100,000.00 and a painted mask and also by the way became a cult classic. as far as "repeat viewing is not unexpected" i think he made a typo.another quote from gumby-8 the only fan: "the acting is also a strong aspect of the film."with all due respect for the actors, their performance is nothing more than the respective talent of robert napton.the catchy tagline: "beware the hour between dusk and darkness"that's because there is no dusk or darkness in this movie.mpaa rating "rated r for some violence/gore"the only gore you see is some red paint on a sheet over a dead body you never see. as far as i know it might be a clump of grass.in summation, i have seen horror flicks from the 50's, 60's and 70's. i have seen what i thought to be the absolutely worst and some that were very good. the director of this film either did not make any attempt, was asleep, or took a hit of acid. whatever the case i think the actors deserve applause for trying to salvage a very poor job of direction. i would give this film a rating of .5 for a 'b' movie.

as has been noted, this formula has been filmed several times, most recently as "you've got mail", with tom hanks and meg"trout pout" ryan. of the several versions, this is my least favorite. the problem i think is that the studio coasted on the stars charisma, which doesn't quite cut it here.the chemistry betwixt the two leads never comes to a boil in this movie. there are no real sparks. van johnson and judy garland remind me of day old donuts, pleasant but bland. and when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow. judy in particular is disappointing. she looks like she has no neck! i don't know if she was having trouble with pain or something but she looks like a turtle trying to pull it's head into it's shell, all hunched up and everything. i couldn't figure out what van johnson was getting so hot about. i would have made a bee line for that cute violin player. and van wasn't great either. i've always thought of him as a rather generic hollywood leading man and he doesn't do anything to dispel that image here.if you're a fan of the stars or the early 1900's then you might like this movie. but there are a lot more entertaining romantic comedies out there, and they offer you much more than a mouthful of stale confection.

one can only assume that robert osborne is contractually obligated to express delight at even the least appealing films in the tcm library as this would explain him extolling the 'virtues' of this "charming" film during his introduction when i saw this on cable tv. seeing as any old film on imdb receives 'classic' status from a number of fawning amateur reviewers, i thought there was a dire need for a more honest review of this film.this is not your father's 'shop around the corner'. for all my quibbles with 'you've got mail', it still outshines this as a remake in just about every way imaginable. for those who have seen the original, the flaws will only be all the more obvious.from one of the lamest meet cute sequences i can recall seeing (a sad slapstick attempt at 'humor'), this film gets off on the wrong foot and it never really gets back in step. this 'musical' only qualifies as one in the sparsest sense of the term. there are a sprinkling of instantly forgettable musical numbers and then there's judy singing "i don't care" while flailing her arms around as if in a seizure. the christmas song she sings in the store is probably one of her better numbers here. miss garland was wonderful in a number of musical films, but here she seems horribly miscast. the role was originally to have been filled by june allyson and judy is definitely unable to fill the shoes of margaret sullavan's old part. van johnson also turns in a rather bland performance as a second rate jimmy stewart type. the leads never achieve the chemistry of stewart/sullavan or even that of hanks/ryan.this is a film that knows (some of) the notes, but not the music. it doesn't really seem to understand why the original worked and even feels the need to add another possible love interest for van johnson's character to complicate things unnecessarily. the remake's substitution for the original's infidelity subplot is a hackneyed plot device involving a priceless violin. it is almost embarrassing to watch and feels as if it had perhaps been lifted from an episode of three's company by someone with a delorean and a flux capacitor. it's really just an excuse for a keaton pratfall. even the big resolution scene between the romantic leads is mishandled. after seeing both films, you'll understand why they called it 'the lubitsch touch' and not the 'robert z. leonard touch'.avoid this and rewatch either the original film or one of judy garland's earlier films unless you're an iconoclast who enjoys seeing a once great star falling down to earth.

this little show is obviously some stupid little prequel/spin off of the original series.compared to the live action series this show is utter crap. the live action show had intelligent jokes and story lines. while the animated series is basically a toned down bittersweet version for younger viewers to digest but i think maybe kids deteste this crap.the storyline in every episode is basically just sabrina has some stupid and pointless dillemma and she uses magic to fix it. thats basiclly the idea every episode. the most bizarre episode was when sabrina uses magic to become gem and gem to become sabrina. so then gem becomes a witch and hypnotizes harvery to become her slave. this then leads to a bizarre yet rather interesting scene were gem says "just adore me for now" and harvey get down on his hands and knees and starts kissing her feet like shes a god. (which is quite right since he's her mind control slave) but this stupid spin-off is not worth the time or the effort.

many people see this as a classic, but i obviously must have missed something. life in anarene, texas in the early 50's is pretty dull - which means that a movie about life in anarene, texas in the early 50's will be pretty dull too! what is it that so many people see in this? once the last picture show in anarene closes there really won't be anything to do in town. duane (jeff bridges) makes that point at the end of the movie. but even before it closes there isn't much to do, so basically everything revolves around sex. high school students make plans for how to lose their virginity - sometimes with each other and sometimes with some of the equally bored adults in town. you see, there's not much for them to do either - except to have sex (sometimes with each other and sometimes with the bored teenagers) or to whine about the local high school football team. three times something happened that i thought was going to add some spark of drama to the movie. sam (ben johnson) dies unexpectedly, but nothing really happens because of that, sonny (timothy bottoms) and jacy (cybill shepherd) elope, but nothing really happens because of that, joe bob (barc doyle) kidnaps a little girl, but nothing really happens because of that. the only thing that added anything of dramatic value to the movie came at the end with the death of billy (sam bottoms) which really points out the emptiness of life in this pathetic little town, as the men stand around looking at the body debating where to go for breakfast.peter bogdanovic filmed this in black and white, which is intended i suppose to point out how grey this town is, but the only thing i found interesting was the early look at actors like bottoms, shepherd, bridges and randy quaid. (as an aside it was terrifying to see how much quaid - in 1971 - actually looks like his character of cousin eddie in the national lampoon vacation movies.) classic? i don't think so! 3/10

it's sort of hard for me to say it, because i so greatly enjoyed both "targets" and "paper moon", but i thought "the last picture show" was a somewhat fascinating but overly self-indulgent film. its main positive, as far as i'm concerned, is the stunning photography. but for me the film had nothing to offer beyond surface beauty (and a kind of hidden beauty, at that). the characters were very hard to relate to or to care about. basically you had this very slow pace and this naturalistic style of acting, but it was all there to prop up a very formulaic and predictable story, complete with all the trappings one would expect from any small town melodrama -- everything from the boy cheating with his teacher's wife to the handicapped kid who everyone picks on. it was like "american graffiti" without the joy of life.some might say this film is more realistic -- nowadays a lot of people seem to think that realism is the only virtue a film can possess. but for me the film was simply oppressive, and i want to see it again about as badly as i'd like to spend a few hours in that miserable town the characters live in.maybe this film really just belongs to its time -- perhaps if i'd seen it in 1971 i would have been impressed by its novelty, just by seeing something different on the screen. but that would basically assume that i had never seen anything like, say, godard's "breathless". maybe the overt references to classic films would have appealed to the movie geek in me and helped me to overlook some of the film's weaknesses. but in the post-tarantino world that hardly seems unique or special either.it is interesting though how he uses the films in the film to give his own film more depth. we see 3 films as i recall in the picture show. first we see vincente minnelli's "father of the bride" -- liz taylor's exquisite looks provide a contrast to sonny's girlfriend and minnelli's studied upper-middle class milieu contrasts to the character's "real life" surroundings in a similar way. later, clips from howard hawks' "red river" emphasize the theme of a broken friendship between a mentor and a protégé. it really just reminds me that bogdanovich is kissing his own mentor's butt, much as he did if i remember correctly by selecting a hawks film as part of his own on-screen reverie with boris karloff in "targets". i guess in 1971 this kind of thing was new but looking at it today it just seems self-indulgent, like so much of the rest of this film.ultimately, i'd rather see another film by hawks, ford or minnelli than to have bogdanovich's film remind us of why they were so striking in such a less-than-subtle way. maybe he intends to remind us of the giants whose time had passed -- all he really does is remind us how small he and most of his contemporaries are in relation.

this is the kind of movie which shows the paucity of french cinema when it comes to making thrillers.the director's desire to "sound american" is so glaring that you will not be fooled a minute,unless you have not seen a serial killer movie since "peeping tom".two male cops (or one and a half,more like,as you will see),horrible murders,a plot more complicated than complex.charles berling is not lucky with the genre(see the astoundlingly dumb "l'inconnu de strasbourg" a couple of years ago).the scenes with his pregnant wife -which are supposed to be a counterpart for the otherwise noir atmosphere of the rest of the plot-are among the worst ever filmed.add a steamy love scene between them and a gory autopsy to get a pg 12 and thus to attract the huge adolescent audience.a violent and absurd conclusion,followed by a silent epilogue who could make a nice commercial for the côte d'azur,it's really the silence of the lame.

i totally agree with the review by a reviewer of variety that the film is never quite as funny, lively or insightful about the creative process as its premise would seem to warrant. narratively it is messy and the lighting is really problematic. if the film is supposed to be character-driven the poor lighting doesn't enhance the acting and it is sometimes difficult to observe the facial expressions of the actors. many non-south africans will have difficulty in following the spoken english in the film and some of the local humor will be lost in the process. i watched the film at the cape town world cinema festival last year. comments and reactions to the film ranged from unwatchable and sloppy to a welcome departure from the films about our painful past. unfortunately bunny chow won't be remembered as one of the bright lights of the south african new wave, but some of the remarkable films about our apartheid history will indeed be rated among our best in our 110 year old film history. not surprisingly the film disappeared from cinemas in cape town only two weeks after its release and from most of the cinemas in durban and gauteng. it has clearly limited appeal among south african audiences.

i so wanted to believe in this movie after the only form of mainstream comedy this country recognises is slapstick and stereotypes.of course, it went completely the other way - let's be cool and edgy - and came out the other side with little to show for it. i bet one small seed went nuts for this. i know sl did.none of the main characters have the comedic chops to pull it off. even danny k had better timing. i'm actually being serious. every time they introduced a bit character i kept thinking, "darn, this person should have been the lead!".independent doesn't mean that the camera work needs to be horrible. black and white did nothing for this movie - actually with such flat dialogue it hurt this even more by bringing the boredom into sharp relief. the black and white also wasn't crisp. the composition was horrible. the use of music was horrible. strangely enough i watched little miss sunshine after this movie and the composition on that was superb - maybe that's why the deficiencies in this movie stick out in my mind.i think corne (who was funnier than the leads before he even said anything) was speaking to this movie and not david - see it and you'll understand. i bet the guys who organise oppikoppi were dismayed. one would think nothing happens there at all. i got the feeling it could have been filmed in someone's back garden. i know regular guys who have much funnier, raunchier and wittier conversations than any of these "comics". the dude who they hooked up with end was ok though.guess sa comedy's gonna stay in the stone age a little longer. nice work guys.

this could have been a very good film, if i had been able to watch it. the hand held camera was very bouncy. from the opening credits i was worried. several of us watching it felt very nauseous by the end. but we did stay until the end because it was such a charming and interesting film, giving some insight to the young pop culture in south africa. the black and white film did enhance the artful feeling of it. the acting seemed very authentic. some of the dialog was a little hard to understand, but a theater full of non-south africans seemed to find most of it funny. if you get motion sickness at all though, you may seriously consider skipping this film. it's quaint, but not worth the nausea.

i could not even bring myself to watch this movie to the end. i cannot comment on the story as i did not watch the whole film and the reason i couldn't watch it was because of the 'actors'. firstly, for the most part they just looked stiff and i'm sure their scripts were in their hands just out of frame - but that's a minor issue. the main issue i have with the actors isn't really their fault... it's whoever cast this film! come on, this movie came out in 2003... i thought that casting people in their late twenties to play teenagers went out of fashion with new wave?! i cannot watch a movie where one of the first lines, from a grown man older than myself, is "i'm 17!" how can anyone take that seriously????? don't fall victim to this movie, go out for a walk for 90 minutes and you'll get far more than this movie could ever give.

i saw this film at the ny gay & lesbian film festival and thought it was pretty bad. first and most distracting was the way much of it was shot; that is, a lot of slow motion and overly arty close-ups that seemed to have no point--story wise or aesthetically--other than to show the skills of the cinematographer (who i believe was also the director). this film seemed what a pretentious film student would come up with. the lead actor (sam levine) was certainly very cute, but was a mediocre actor at best; and the rest of the cast ranged from so-so, to bad. the story itself was mostly annoyingly predictable. i do have to concede that most of the audience seemed to enjoy the film; laughing and sighing constantly, but i disliked it a great deal.

i basically found eden's curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch. however, there is something i must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70's in the choice of settings and clothing. the "back to the earth" philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent, as portrayed in many later versions of the 70's was right on, as was the "don't ask don't tell" pseudo-liberalism of the fraternity made up of east-coast intellectuals, except that i would have thought this was more likely of a new england school rather than one in virginia, where i imagine the "good ole boy" mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one. another thing i appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens and i appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images. i felt it was very unfortunate that "gay culture" took on certain standard forms in the 80's out of castro and christopher streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles. i appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without "the scene."

this is one of those movies that's trying to be moody and tense, and instead, ends up tripping all over itself. having seen it at a queer film festival, i was intrigued by the "young college threesome gone wrong" write-up, however, over-all ended up quite disappointed.it's hard to critique a "true story" since there's not much that can be done about the plot - but i found this disjointed, melodramatic and wholly depressing. it's dark and almost sinister, painting a darn creepy flash of the seventies with imposing music and jerky close-ups. it just doesn't work - some scenes where so cheesy that instead of hushed awe, my audience was supressing snickers and rolling eyes.the story has an interesting premise, but this just spins downward into a dark, miserable spiral.

everybody just seems to be raving about the subject, and not really noticing how the movie was made. the deaf, mute guy is fine, the underdog wins - that's good, the cricket aspect is great, but the movie is average overall. i think it could be made much much better than it is.the plot is too predictable for a movie that is not based on a real life event. i'm sure the movie could have been made more interesting. the songs are just stuffed in there, and i had to literally forward the scenes where the same thing would be shown from different angles.good acting, though. watchable.

once big action star who fell off the face of the earth ends up in a small town with a problem with drug dealers and a dead body of a federal agent. reuniting with some former co-stars to clean up the town.low key, often to the point of blandness, "action" comedy mostly just doesn't work. part of the problem is the casting chris klien as a former action hero. he's not bad, but he's really not believable as some one who was taken to be a tough guy. as i said he's not bad, he's just just miscast for what his back story is. the real problem here is the combination of the script, which really isn't funny and seems artificial at times, and the direction which is pedestrian to the port of dullness. there is no life in the way things are set up. its as if the director had a list of shots and went by that list. it makes for an un-engaging film. and yet the film occasionally springs to life, such as the in the final show down that ends the film. that sequence works, but because the earlier parts of the film floundered its drained of much of its power.i can't really recommend the film. its worth a shot if you're a fan of the actors or are a huge fan of independent cinema in all its forms, but otherwise this is just a disappointment.

it's been a long time since i last saw a movie this bad.. the acting is very average, the story is horribly boring, and i'm at a loss for words as to the execution. it was completely unoriginal. o, and this is as much a comedy as clint eastwood's a pregnant schwarzenegger! one of the first scenes (the one with the television show - where the hell are you?) got it right - the cast was 80% of let's face it - forgotten actors. if they were hoping for a career relaunch, then i think it might never happen with this on their cv! the script had the potential, but neither 80% of the actors nor the director (who's an actor and clearly should stick to being an actor) pulled it off. fred durst was the only one who seemed better than any of the rest.i'm sorry, but if you ever consider watching this - i highly recommend you turn to something less traumatic, because not only it's a total loss of time, but also a weak example of what bad cinema looks like.

dumb is as dumb does, in this thoroughly uninteresting, supposed black comedy. essentially what starts out as chris klein trying to maintain a low profile, eventually morphs into an uninspired version of "the three amigos", only without any laughs. in order for black comedy to work, it must be outrageous, which "play dead" is not. in order for black comedy to work, it cannot be mean spirited, which "play dead" is. what "play dead" really is, is a town full of nut jobs. fred dunst does however do a pretty fair imitation of billy bob thornton's character from "a simple plan", while jake busey does a pretty fair imitation of, well, jake busey. - merk

in a movie that follows a struggling actor, played, evidently, by a struggling actor, this does no favours for chris klein. he struggles to bring anything memorable to the role and meanders on through the shallow script managing to display, what could only be described as, a bland leading man. the story exists, but that is all, and fails to show any basic start, middle and end and the viewer is left shrugging his shoulders feeling as though nothing in the past hour and three quarters has really happened.one bright light in the midst of this is fred durst, who manages to stand out above his seemingly averagely talented co-stars and does a semi-decent job of bringing the backward character of legde to life. whether fred can re-create this when working with a higher calibre of cast remains to be seen but i'l be watching out for him in future.

bridges of madison county is a better made version of this story. i felt the ending of this movie was not handled sensitively as they did in the original english movie. this movie is very indianised, if you are a very sensitive person who cries in a movie when hero dies in the end you'll love this movie, on the other hand if you are a fighter in life and think crying is for wimps you may not like the ending.but on the whole it's pretty good subject is well handled for indian conditions. tabu was good as a caring wife and mother. everybody acted well.

it is considered fashion to highlight every social evil as a result of patriarchy and male dominance, however moronic this illogical 'logic' may be. however within the story and theme of the film, there is no grey area and the woman who should be called the film's antagonist, is the ''villain of the story''. under no circumstances can what she did be justified. sexuality of women is just hype in this case and has nothing to do with the actuality. it is betrayal of the ultimate sort. the man ended up spending his resources and time in the wasteful raising of another man's offspring. to top it all, the most feeble of arguments raised by the 3 'liberated' female characters in the climax is pathetic. a woman's sexual needs are no excuse for her to commit adultery and continually betray her husband and worse, there are no other children. so in essence his life has been wasted. in some societies where justice still prevails, such situations result in the execution of the unjust.

joyce reynolds seems a might grown-up for the role of janie, a boy-crazy sixteen-year old in small town america who ditches her steady guy for a visiting soldier and winds up on the cover of life magazine (smooching at a blanket party) all in the same week! non-stop barrage of wisecracks, put-downs, bull talk, and unfunny bits of business such as janie's little sister bribing family members, hattie mcdaniel (as the maid) constantly scuttling after sassy kid sis, janie's mother involved with the red cross, and janie's father trying to write an editorial on the problems with today's teenagers (as the parents, stuffy, sexless edward arnold and pert, chatty ann harding make an unlikely couple, even for 1944; he looks incapable of helping to conceive a child much less raising two of them). nominated for an academy award (!) for owen marks' editing, warner bros. followed this in 1946 with "janie gets married". reynolds must have outgrown her co-horts by then--she was replaced by joan leslie. *1/2 from ****

tara reid as an intellectual, christian slater(usually great) as a dollar store constantine and stephen dorff as...well it's stephen dorff for christ sake!!!! i personally just want to thank those brilliant casting directors for the hard work and effort. you guys are on. heres an idea, just my humble lowly opinion as the movie going public but it follows directly with your previous choices,a movie about the most brilliant neuro-physicist in history invent one pill to cure all diseases ever known to man and get this, heres the clincher they have to be played by jessica simpson and paris hilton. i knew you guys would love that. seriously though you owe me $7.50.

spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? could this be it? why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? why is this question never answered? why was the opening text crawl incoherent? why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? has there always been a gold mine in downtown vancouver? why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? why does tara reid's character suddenly show up at christian slater's apartment for sex? (or did i just answer my own question?) why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? why would modern computers still display green pre-tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little "bleeps"? and must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? why doesn't anything in this movie make any sense?

honestly, i can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. what i will say is that, alone in the dark succeeds in only three things: 1. it will make you laugh, but for all the wrong reasons. 2. it manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.and3. it utterly disgraces the classic pc game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.doctor boll, if that is indeed what you are (i'm thinking proctology here), what on earth are you doing in a director's chair?

i usually start by relaying the premise of the film, but before anyone makes any hasty judgments about my review, let me preface it by saying that i'm someone who likes most films (just check my other reviews). alone in the dark is a film by director uwe boll, whose film right before this one was house of the dead (2003). like alone in the dark, it was also a film adaptation of a video game. almost everyone hated it. well, i loved it. i even gave it a 10 out of 10! my point in stating this (which will surely turn some readers off immediately) is that if even i hated alone in the dark, there must be something wrong with it.the premise: who am i kidding? attempting to state a premise for this film is about as easy as trying to balance the united states' budget, but here it goes anyway. some archaeologists discovered evidence of some lost american indian tribe. the indian tribe apparently had discovered some means of broaching the "second world", which was evil in nature. the bad stuff wiped them out, but not before they could lock the door to the evil world and throw away the key. later, some scientist/government researcher who had been experimenting with the paranormal, and specifically this tribe, decided to experiment on some kids, to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (believe it or not--everything up to this point and then some is told to us in a written prologue to the film--it's just white text scrolling across a black screen with a voice-over also reading it to us). then, there was something about the kids being in an orphanage, but the government takes them back out, and then a bunch of people are searching for archaeological relics, and there are super humans roaming around, and a bunch of military people are called in and on and on.in fact, the exposition never really stops. it's like a neverending backstory from hell. there are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. but not one of them is presented in a coherent way to create one good film. in addition to the mystical lost indian tribe and the superhumans, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens, tunneling worms underground, zombies, starship trooper-like wars, evil scientists, underground lairs, gold mines, spooky warehouses, impalements, big mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, golden trunks pulled out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex backstabbing plots, a very ambiguous romance, car chases, home invasions, kitchen sinks . . . wait, i can't remember if that last one was in the film. even more amazingly (amusingly?), in fangoria #240, producer shawn williamson was quoted as saying, "we're spending much more time on story, being very meticulous about that". tara reid called alone in the dark "a smarter film".let me not mislead anyone. a lot of that stuff above might sound yummy to the potential audience for this film, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. i usually had no idea what any setting's relation was to any other setting, why we were there, or what anyone was doing (at least when each scene began). it's just a random mishmash of settings and clichés, as if director uwe boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers. then when he was done, he and editor richard schwadel decided to cut the film by using dice, then reassembled it by throwing the i ching. sometimes the film plays like an extended director's reel (which is a combination of short, varied, unrelated scenes that directors circulate to try to get work), but perhaps that's being too generous. i'm not sure boll would get work if this were his reel. just as i tend to at least like most films, i tend to like most actors and most performances. it's very rare that i say that a performance was bad. well, tara reid was bad here--and i'm someone who usually likes reid. i don't know what happened. for a large percentage of the film, they just move her around the set like a prop. they might as well have just bought a blow-up doll. that would have saved them money that they could have used for some cgi ghosts and vampires in castle and graveyard settings. maybe they chose to move her around like a pretty piece of driftwood after they saw the dailies of her mumbling nonsense dialogue in a monotone that's usually reserved for entertaining mother-in-laws.and speaking of that dialogue, a lot of alone in the dark plays like a godzilla film without godzilla. by that, i mean that it's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook. at least in godzilla films, there's a campiness to it, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there's a big payoff in that we get to see godzilla destroy downtown and battle a giant gnat with radioactive death beams shooting from its eyes or something.just what stephen dorff and christian slater are doing here, besides overacting and filing lawsuits against their agents, is difficult to say. i can't say that i thought anyone in the film had a decent performance, although maybe slater at least saw the cigar. i think that's unprecedented for me.still, i didn't give this film a 1. there was some competent cinematography, even if boll and schwadel made mincemeat out of it, and the hard rock tunes over the end credits were good. heck, even the novelette prologue wasn't so bad. i actually thought the film had promise at that point. but this may just be the worst film i've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.

the definition of an abomination as defined by webster's dictioary is "a cause of abhorrence or disgust." if someone can think of a more appropriate word or definition than this for alone in the dark, please let me know because this is the best i can come up with. however, i do no feel that in anyway this word describes how truly awful this film is.i went to see this film with two of my roommates. one has very similar tastes to me, the other is an action/adventure flick guru. this latter guy usually doesn't care about the size of the plot holes, as long as the movie contains lots of explosions he will walk away satisfied.that being said we entered the theater for the friday viewing of alone in the dark. little to my surprise we were the only people in the theater. when it started i knew why immediately.it begins with the worst opening scene of any movie, and unfortunately i have to admit it only gets worse from there. the opening scene is a 5 minute scroll text that is narrated. yet, i understand why it was narrated. the director must have understood that only illiterate people would even ascertain the thought of paying to see this movie. yet, not only is this first scene the longest scroll text in the history of cinema, but it also makes no sense. it seems as if in the same sequence we are hearing about to completely separate movies. one is about an ancient civilization and its tampering with a portal, the other is about a crazy scientist and his experiments on orphans. if you are reading this and are confused, you are not alone.then the awful storyline, acting, effects, and camera work begin. tara reid is horrendous as an actress. she does nothing to even for one second make you think that she is a museum curator. slater is just bad, not convincing, and has no chemistry with reid.the plot is probably the worst thing ever created by man. the entire time myself and the roommate with similar tastes are asking questions like: what is this? and what is going on? other than this scrolling garbage we have a few narrated sequences by slater himself. are they good? no. do they explain anything? no. do we at any point as an audience have the slightest inkling as to why we should care what happens? once again, no.then we have a random sex scene. we are told that slater and reid are together, yet at no time do they act as though they even care about on another. but then bam...sex scene. once again i don't know.a good, oh i don't know, 30 seconds after that woeful scene ends we have a gunfight with 20 or so military and a similar number of alien things. this is set to a heavy-metal track and causes more brain hemorrhaging than one ever thought possible.and if that wasn't enough...there exists no main villain. there is the scientist and there are the "alien" things. at one point the scientist controls the alien things and stands on a hill commanding them to attack the military outpost. why? how did he become the supreme commander of these things? why do they listen to him? once again i have no idea.the movie ends with slater and reid walking in an evacuated city. why was the city evacuated? did the alien things break through? did the military tell them? who knows...and by this point who cares? i didn't and you won't.but to top it off, slater and reid are attacked by an alien thing. even though it was stated that alien things will be killed by exposure to sunlight. and thats right, you guessed it, it the middle of the *&%$ing day and it's bright as can be. maybe the alien thing bought a pair of sunglasses, i don't know and i don't care.now after the movie ended i ran outside the theater, all 6 foot 6 inches of me, waving my arms and shaking my afro telling everyone not to go see this movie. even my gung-ho action/adventure roommate (who would consider a movie that just cut and pasted 2 hours of explosion into 1 film to be the greatest thing ever created) admitted that plot holes were very evident in this film.to sum up this crap-fest i give it a 0.0/10 and would give it lower if i could.unequivocally, the worst movie ever made. i wouldn't wish this movie on my worst enemy.

the minute the forward started, i knew we were in for trouble! the premise is laughable at best. the story line was even worse, if that is possible.the acting was stiff and the actors gave off a sense of inexperience. you expect more from the likes of slater, reid and dorff. lines were delivered as if from a robot. and i'm sorry, i like reid but she was very unbelievable as an archaeologist. slater and dorff picked a lousy film to try and stage their comebacks. the continuity was off through out the entire film. the creatures weren't bad, but they really weren't good either. bottom line, i want that ninety minutes of my life back. they can keep the money, but give me the time! what a waste.

this movie succeeds at being one of the most unique movies you've seen. however this comes from the fact that you can't make heads or tails of this mess. it almost seems as a series of challenges set up to determine whether or not you are willing to walk out of the movie and give up the money you just paid. if you don't want to feel slighted you'll sit through this horrible film and develop a real sense of pity for the actors involved, they've all seen better days, but then you realize they actually got paid quite a bit of money to do this and you'll lose pity for them just like you've already done for the film. i can't go on enough about this horrible movie, its almost something that ed wood would have made and in that case it surely would have been his masterpiece.to start you are forced to sit through an opening dialogue the likes of which you've never seen/heard, this thing has got to be five minutes long. on top of that it is narrated, as to suggest that you the viewer cannot read. then we meet mr. slater and the barrage of terrible lines gets underway, it is as if he is operating solely to get lines on to the movie poster tag line. soon we meet stephen dorff, who i typically enjoy) and he does his best not to drown in this but ultimately he does. then comes the ultimate insult, tara reid playing an intelligent role, oh help us! tara reid is not a very talented actress and somehow she continually gets roles in movies, in my opinion though she should stick to movies of the american pie type. all in all you just may want to see this for yourself when it comes out on video, i know that i got a kick out of it, i mean lets all be honest here, sometimes its comforting to revel in the shortcomings of others.

well where do i begin my story?? i went to this movie tonight with a few friends not knowing more than the actors that were in it, and that it was supposed to be a horror movie.well i figured out within the first 20 minutes, what a poor decision i had made going out seeing this movie. the plot was crap, and so was the script. the lines were horrible to the point that people in the audience were laughing hysterically.the cast couldn't have been more plastic looking. even some of the scenes seemed like they should have been made much quicker...like they dragged on for no particular reason. very poor editing.all in all this movie was a giant waste of time and money. boo.

the movie starts out with some scrolling text which takes nearly five minutes. it gives the basic summary of what is going on. this could have easily been done with acting but instead you get a scrolling text effect. soon after you are bombarded with characters that you learn a little about, keep in mind this is all you will learn about them. the plot starts to get off the ground and then crashes through the entire movie. not only does the plot change, but you might even ask yourself if your watching the same movie. i have never played the video game, but know people who have. from my understanding whether you've played the game or not this movie does not get any better. save your money unless you like to sleep at the theaters.

the beginning of the 90s brought many "quirky" and "off-beat" independent films, a particular sub-genre of which is the semi-spiritual desert crime movie. others of note are "wild at heart", "from dusk til dawn", and to a certain extent "natural born killers". good films like those spawned junk like "highway 666", "destiny turns on the radio" and this ineptly surreal anti-masterpiece "under the hula moon". it's a comedy that aims for a certain emotional tone, attains it, but keeps going to the point of irritation. while the pursuit across the spirit-world of the desert and the casting of chris penn are good ideas, the film is not dirty enough or hard enough to be a good crime movie, and isn't focused enough on laughs to really be a comedy. i won't blow the ending, but let's just say it's bad. the film is basically a bad side effect of genre-cancer. this is the dregs of indie-mania.

so far nightmares and dreamscapes has been erratic and disappointing. the first segment, directed by brian henson, may have offered little in the way of groundbreaking storytelling or real scares, but at least it was well-directed, suspenseful, and visually interesting, with solid acting by william hurt and very impressive special effects for a mini-series.however, the second story in the series was just dreadful, and not in the good way. the screenplay is bad, requiring the shallow, unlikable protagonists to act illogically in order to move the plot, and having characters ramble on endlessly for the purposes of clunky, unnecessary exposition. the acting is overdone and unconvincing, and i felt far more empathy for a cold-blooded killer in the first story than for the newlywed couple in the second. the director used a million tricks to try to make the narrative spooky, but with the amateurish acting and writing, the end result looks like a freshman-year film school project, with camera moves for their own sake, and little in the way of plot or tension.if the rest of the series continues like this, i'll be sorely let down. i look forward to william h. macy's installment, and hope he gets a decent director and screenwriter for his segment. so far the quality is far too inconsistent to predict either way.

with its companion piece masters of horror, nightmares and dreamscapes can only be seen as the absolute nadir of the genre that began so auspiciously with the twilight zone and the outer limits.of course, part of the problem is that it does nothing to be of any interest to a comparatively adult audience, instead aiming at ten-year-olds, who are only able to count body-bags, and scarcely that. and so grossness is king, and king is grossness.stephen king is simply illiterate  in general he has the aptitude for storytelling of bart simpson. since he cannot read his sole inspiration is the movies.true, the cinema is not such a bad place to start, since it has generally escaped the onslaught of "realism". but these films are only the rumor, not the thing, and if you want to write, you have to dig deeper.of course, only pickman had monsters as close acquaintances. but even so, it should be clear to any undergraduate that vampires are not dracula and lugosi.at least autopsy room four is a clear indication of what is wrong. one can almost imagine this pathetic dolt sitting as his desk trying to come up with something scary.not, mind you, trying to describe accurately the horror of the system of which he is an integral part, making the stupid stupider, but trying to come up with a scary story for his little nephew. suppose, you were paralyzed, and people thought you were dead and started to cut you open like they do at those autopsy things! wouldn't that be gross? and that, boys and girls, is the story.what about characterization? oh yes, he's one of these suits, who never really appreciated life, you know, and now it's too late, right? and he's shouting  well, they can't actually hear him, you know  he's saying that he's going to sue the hospital, but he's not such a big shot anymore, you see, lying there (or is it laying, i can never remember) and all. and he's thinking: oh no please, please don't cut me and this is terrible, lying (or laying) like that  now, wouldn't that be a great story? you know i read somewhere that a snake bite can do that, i think it was that great medical authority agatha christie. what was the name of that snake again, oh yeah, a boomslang  has quite a ring to it, doesn't it.let's make it a peruvian boomslang! sure, steve, that's great  except that boomslang is afrikaans, you moron! but how can you really tell that the target audience is children, and not simply mental defects? it's easy: there's no sex.well, there is, but it's the kind glimpsed through a crack in the door to our parent's bedroom. modern filmmakers are really big on the erotic aspects of the genre, the monster, the female victim, the chase.but unlike universal and lewton they have no idea what's going on. all that's really left is the giggling outside the sm club and the fascist credo that people with sexual preferences are intrinsically evil.in spite of a certain discrepancy in size, king kong knew exactly what to do with fay wray. freddy krueger can only kill her.and since there's no real titillation in that, he has to torture her first  not in any way that might excite her, you understand, since that would upset our puritan sentiments. and so, horror and romanticism become simply unpleasantness and the grooming of psychopaths.our hero, you see, is a rubber fetishist, and can only get a boner if someone touches him you know down there with you know  rubber gloves (giggle). and that's what they use in autopsies, and that's how they discover that he is, in fact, you know.obviously, this is the author at the height of his inspirational powers. too bad, they cut it out, since it might have upset the five-year-olds watching the show!

i've barely just made it through one episode ("crouch end"). the dialog was stilted and down-right cringe worthy. the acting was tragic. eion bailey, despite his best attempts to be dramatic, remains mostly expressionless. his eyebrows hint at a recent botox treatment. claire forlani could have just as easily been playing the damsel in distress in a silent movie. the characters were cartoons, each playing their stereotypical cog in the plot mostly random, meandering plot. cheesy special effects can be excused given the tv miniseries budget. but attempts to create suspense and surprise through distracting cinematography added to the unwatchability. i get the feeling that the ending was supposed to be witty and surprising, but it was lame and had little to do with the rest of the story. if i had to compare it's overall quality to something else, i'd put this episode of "nightmares and dreamscapes" on par with the nbc's hercules.

i just saw the third week of stephen kings' nightmares and dreamscapes mini series; meaning, i saw 6 episodes so far. i have to say that the stories are really weak. i have read stephen king's skeleton crew, a collection of his short stories that was published way back. i recall most of the stories were average to poor but there was one that was really excellent, if not outstanding.what i'm trying to say is that just because this mini series is from a collection of stories from stephen king does not mean that it will be any good. in fact, if his previous collection of short stories are of any indication, then most of this mini series will be average to poor.in stephen king's defense, i have not read these new short stories. perhaps they are good as stories in a book and not readily adaptable to television, or perhaps it was the fault of the scriptwriters in trying to write an interesting script. who knows. also, these short stories may have been made exclusively for this mini series and not not for print purpose. maybe that may have been the problem. if stephen king had submitted these crap stories to an editor, i am sure the editor would have immediately told him to make it more interesting because as is, it is simply boring.what is clear from all of this is that the problem is with the stories/script and not the actors and actresses because this mini series has some excellent people acting on it.seeing this mini series really makes me appreciate those old "twilight zone" series. each series was only half an hour but it was compelling and riveting. i don't understand why this mini series could not accomplish similar feat. i am sure this mini series had a good deal of money to make a good mini series but unfortunately, something must not have clicked.for instance, this week there were two episodes shown. the first involved a horror story writer who buys a picture drawn by an artist who committed suicide. the writer begins to see changes in the picture as he is driving homeward. feeling uncomfortable, he throws away the painting but it keeps appearing near him. also, the portrait of an individual in that picture is killing people and is out to kill him. (i will not even mention the second episode for this week involving criminals and their loot because it was even more boring than this episode!)this premise is interesting and so the story should be good but after seeing it, i was frustrated because there were too many gaps in the story as well as extraneous materials that was shown that did nothing to help the story. after the last scene, i was left with more questions than answers.i tried for 3 weeks to get into this mini series but it was just too aggravating due to poor stories/script. if this was a movie, i would have recommended that people should wait for the movie to come out on cable or such. i would not even recommend that it be rented in your video store. however, given that this is on tnt, a cable channel, i would say if you have not seen it already, then try it for one week. if you do not like it that week, then you will not like the past series nor the future ones, since they all share the same boring trait.

i usually don't write reviews but i can't understand why this is rated so high and wanted to give a warning to horror lovers since i can only assume that all those high ratings were given by average tv watchers.i have only watched the first two episodes but those two were so cliché, it wasn't even funny any more. the same old stories you've probably seen/read a couple of times already - living toys, evil things from other dimensions... and it's not just that these stories aren't innovative, they are also pretty bad versions of those clichés. i'd prefer e.g. "chucky" and "silent hill" over those two episodes anytime. and don't even ask about the visual effects... the ones in the first episode are alright but the ones in the second... awful. looks like some film student's project gone wrong. blood... or gore... erm... nothing worth mentioning.it might be interesting for some ten year old kid who probably hasn't seen/read that many scary stories yet (although i'd rather recommend "beyond belief" - now that's what i call a decent mystery tv show). but for an adult horror fan this is worthless. i only gave the 3 points because there is in fact some beautiful cinematography (especially in the second episode) and some nice acting.

man, i really wanted to like these shows. i am starving for some good television and i applaud tnt for providing these "opportunites". but, sadly, i am in the minority i guess when it comes to the cinematic stephen king. as brilliant as king's writing is, the irony is that it simply doesn't translate well to the screen, big or small. with few exceptions (very few), the king experience cannot be filmed with the same impact that the stories have when read. many people would disagree with this, but i'm sure that in their heart of hearts they have to admit that the best filmed king story is but a pale memory of the one they read. the reason is simple. the average king story takes place in the mind-scape of the characters in the story. he gives us glimpses of their inner thoughts, their emotions and their sometimes fractured or unreal points of view. in short, king takes the reader places where you can't put a panavision camera. as an audience watching the filmed king, we're left with less than half the information than the reader has access to. it's not too far a stretch to claim that one becomes a character in a king story they read, whereas one is limited to petty voyeurism of that same character when filmed. for as long as king writes, hollywood will try shooting everything that comes out of his word processor, without any regard to whether or not they should. i don't blame the filmmakers for trying, but it takes an incredible amount of talent and circumspection to pull off the elusive stephen king adaptation that works. the task is akin to turning lead into gold, or some arcane zen mastery. oh well, better luck next time.

the first episode set the bar quite high i thought. it starred william hurt as a hit-man who is contracted to kill a toymaker. we are given very little information on his character or who is paying him to kill, indeed the episode is notable for having no dialogue at all. returning to his modernist penthouse he is delivered a package containing toy soldiers, this gives him a smile but he dismisses it and goes about his business. but he is in for a night of hell, the soldiers are alive and are about to wage war, driving jeeps, shooting machine guns and bazookas and even flying helicopters!. the special effects are good for a tv show and it becomes quite tense as he dodges around the apartment using his wits to survive, sometimes getting the upper hand and other times not. i wont spoil the ending but suffice to say it was a clever little twist. this gave me hope for the rest of the series but i was in for a disappointment, the other episodes were all rubbish and i lost interest by the fourth one. stephen king adaptations are always a mixed bag and these are no exception

wow this is the worst movie ever. the only reason i signed up for imdb was so i could complain about this movie. i have never walked out of a theater or stoped a dvd but i almost stopped this one (and i should have). but i watched it all the way to the end just to get let down again with an absolutely terrible ending. wow if this is all that wes craven can produce his time is long up. i've never seen the first one and will never after watching this. its terrible acting with a terrible plot. hey looks someone is shinning a mirror at us lets go check it out. and the sad part is that when this movie came to dvd it was completely checked out at blockbuster forever. so i feel bad for all the people that saw this junk.

the deceptive cover, title and very small hidden print of power of prayer tricked me into renting this movie.it started out really well and pulled me in. i really liked it. between 1/3 and 3/4's of it, the film started throwing in things that were not set up and made no sense. my first thought was, "this is not written by someone who knows how to tell a story." i ended up re-watching parts of the movie, thinking i had missed something.by the time i reached the last 1/5 of the movie, it was all boring, annoying, religion thumping dialog that made no sense, said nothing, and was annoying to listen to; i turned off the sound and did a fast forward to the end.don't waste your time with this flick.beware of dvds labeled whitlow films and level path productions.and i'm a practicing catholic.

things i learned from "the list".a decent cinematographer, a hot girl who can act and malcom mcdowell couldn't stop this movie from sucking.blockbuster won't give you your money back.even when he reads the script and says "ugh! really?!", malcom mcdowell still tries.chuck carrington desperately needs acting classes.hire a writer.jesus hates me too and punished me by making me pay $ 5.50 to see this movie.when making a movie, you don't need an ending. just leave everything unexplained, unresolved an uninteresting enough so that the audience falls asleep before the ending. genius.any random landlord can cure death just by drawing a cross on a window. so make friends.your maid can sing you back to life.chuck carrington still needs acting classes.your roommate will hate you and make fun of you if you bring home this movie.apologies will not be accepted.

i believe in keeping religion out of government and out of the movies. when i want a sermon, i'll go to church, but i don't want one from a movie. i don't mind some supernatural themes, (after all, religion is about as supernatural as you can get!) but this movie had so much preaching in it that i was really annoyed. the landlady reminded me of witches that of seen in other movies. the bad guy even looked like he had horns. and what a silly ending: the hero went into the meeting and yelled at all of those old men, and that broke the spell. if only life were that simple. i think that when movies are that stupid, they ought to be distributed with a warning: danger! preaching contained herein!

i have nothing against religious movies. religious people need something to watch on a saturday night, i guess. but what really ticks me off is when the write-up on the dvd box does not indicate this fact to the potential viewer. passing off religious propaganda as entertainment is not cool, bro.and even if i was a religious person, i would have to agree with most of the other posters here, this movie was a mess. poorly directed, poorly acted, poorly edited, and the attempt at a soundtrack was hilarious. the fake accents were terrible, the characters were mainly stereotypes, and continuity was out the window. the only reason we sat through this lame waste of time was that it was too late to watch another movie instead. should have just gone to bed.absolutely no redeeming qualities to this movie, unless you are the religious type who will immediately endorse anything that will preach your beliefs to the unbelievers, even if it's a pile of garbage. if you aren't, avoid this at all costs. do not be deceived by the box write-up.

...then they will have a proper place to file this crap. sorry, not a "mystery" as claimed, it is religious mumbo-jumbo. i kept waiting for the "unimaginable evil" that was promised me, but the "evil" in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities.i can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment. unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and i will likely avoid anything they do in the future. i'm also a little cheesed off that i now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as i'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too.it's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. this could lead to more people getting tricked, as i was, into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.well, it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising. too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes i wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a hollywood horror/supernatural film.

didn't know anything about the film or that it was based on a best selling book.tried guessing from the opening scenes what it would be about,best guess,buried treasure and a death list.that lasted about 15 minutes when i got the sneaky suspicion that the film was crap.i'll not bore you with how bad the plot and acting were but anyone who gave it more than two stars must work for the film makers.i watched until the hero jumped into his corvette to rush to the hospital.he had his on his suit,shirt and tie arrived at the hospital in jeans and a t/shirt.couldn't even get the continuity right. i got the christian theme,hard to miss it .

i just finished watching this movie. it wasn't ridiculously bad, but i'm really disappointed with it. i'm not really sure why someone would make a movie like this. it was marginally entertaining, but i feel like the people making it had a lot of disagreements on what they were making. monday, the writer was in charge; tuesday, the director; wednesday, the guy who gets the coffee; etc. it almost seems like they really wanted to make a couple different movies, but only had the time and money to make one.someone else commented that the acting was really good, but i'd have to disagree. then again, if the actors were able to keep a straight face during the filming, perhaps they're better actors than i give them credit for.the back of the dvd gives the impression that the movie would be a mystery... something along the lines of a historical law and order or national treasure. it starts off like that, but then, out of nowhere it takes a turn towards a bad episode of the twilight zone, or... what was that other show that wasn't as good... a bad episode of the outer limits.my main complaint about the movie is that it is just so played out. there's the evil guy with spiked white hair. there's the love interest, who, when she first appears, the wind actually blows through her hair. seriously. once you realize it's a christian movie, the end is also pretty easy to spot.the cinematography was poorly done, especially in the opening scenes - way to put your best foot forward. it wasn't atrocious for most of the movie, but there was the occasional ridiculously bad shot of an old lady, praying, arms up in a dark room while lightening is striking - the sort of thing that just makes you a little bit embarrassed to be watching the movie.

how sad there is no option to post a mark lower than 1. i watched this piece of nonsense and could barely believe what i was watching. every single part of the film was awful. music, acting, direction, story, everything, simply everything. i actually found myself laughing out loud at various points in the film. i particularly loved the bit where our hero is dashing through the hospital in soft focus slow motion, and knocks the clipboard out of the nurses hand, because, .............well. just because. product placement? crucifix's (crucifi?) everywhere. if you are of a christian persuasion and very easily satisfied, you may like this movie. if you do like this movie, you really need to get out more.

the imdb plot summary in no way describes the essence of this film. it should have read 'be prepared to be catapulted back to the prison of the 3rd pew from the back of your family's church at 8 years old, listening to the preacher drone on about god's will while all you can think of is getting back home to your lego'.it starts off well intentioned, building intrigue by planting some real and surreal clues such as renny's 'how did the cut on my thumb heal so fast?' moment. it then slowly morphs into a christian jamboree, sacrificing its plot completely in a wash of evangelistic-induced babble. i believe i counted the use of the word 'pray' about 53 times in a five minute span near the end. after the 31st, i tried to twist the context of the word to its synonym, 'prey'. sadly, this little mind game of mine made the film at least bearable for the last 20 minutes. plus it made me laugh whenever a character would say 'prayer' ('preyer' to me) as it became totally zany. indeed, even my catholic wife sunk in her chair from boredom, almost to the point of ending up on the floor.for all the salivating christians who ranked this film 8-10 stars, i suggest sticking with your theology-reinforcing safety standards like circle square, the ten commandments, anything from narnia, jesus christ superstar and the like. stay away from more cerebrally challenging subject matter in films such as jesus camp, the god who wasn't there, what would jesus buy, or the soon-to-be released religulous.maybe robert whitlow's book is better.

it started out with an interesting premise. i always like civil war stuff and ancient secret societies. the more the film progressed, the more i realized that this was a b movie at best. in the latter half, it quickly became a c movie, then d, then f, then "i wish that this wasn't a rental so that i could put it in the microwave!" i can't say that the acting in all cases was awful, just most. the writing, however... i never read the book. maybe the book is well written. the screenplay was written by a 10 year old. it was ridiculously shallow, the dialog drab and uninteresting, the characters about as interesting as a 5 pound bag of fertilizer. i really hated this movie, as did my wife. i am a christian and i have no problem with movies that promote or support christianity. this movie did a great disservice to the cause. awful, terrible, worthless. if you liked it, i strongly recommend superman 4.

at the beginning we get to see the start of a secret council of some sorts. it all looks very promising from the get go. with some supernatural elements thrown in, the mystery gets more interesting by the minute. the main character who seems like a good bloke gets into trouble because of his claim for money he is entitled to (temptation) and other factors. you really empathize with the guy and you want to know what exactly is going on. normally a person in his situation would have several options. somehow he does not have those options. in this movie there only seems to be one solution even when it is clear it is not his fault. out of the blue he encounters characters who talk about church,prayer and god. and they provide the answer for his problem. it should be obvious at a point in the movie what this solution is. now let me say that there is nothing wrong with this message. since it always is helpful. but was it really necessary to disguise this message. this religious element actually ruined the viewing experience for me. while the message is good,it's simplicity can't escape the fact that in real life more needs to happen to resolve issues presented in this movie. the mystery that is presented to us never gets solved. in stead you are forced to deal with another topic that essentially has nothing to do with the plot. don't get fooled because of malcolm mcdowell. the once brilliant actor is adequate,but if you watch closely you will see that he is not serious at all. he really must be desperate for money. otherwise what would posses an actor of his caliber to act in a movie like this.

i found the writing in this movie absolutely terrible.the only thing that saved this movie from me rating it as a 1 out of 10 was lacy chabert's performance who i thought played the multiple personalities really well. for me she was definitely the highlight of this movie.dina meyer was pretty as always but i found her role pretty bland so i don't think one can say that her acting was great.as for the male lead, armand assante, his interpretation of the role reminded me mainly of doctors in cheese 1980s hospital series.all of that i could have lived with. however the terrible, terrible, terrible end/solution, the role of the psychic and even the role of psychic were just some of the worst writing i have seen in a long time.

i found myself very caught up in this movie, at least at the beginning, and any credit i give to this movie, is lacey chabert, she was fantastic!! but thats where it ends. i seem to be very good at figuring out who the killer is, and i like it when a movie is able to completely baffel me, but i felt out and out lied to, they whole time they lead you in one direction and then suddenly they decided to go in a completely different direction at the end, they gave no hit to it at all, thats not misleading that very bad writing and planning, someone did not think at all!i felt the movie would have been much better if they had stuck to the plot that the lead you on, they also seemed to not answer anything, why did jane(maria) burn down the professor's house.its a great pity as i felt it started out as a relatively good movie.

this horrible! the acting, costumes, production values, editing, the script, everything about this film is as bad as it can get. it looks as if it was filmed with a video camera. can you give a movie a negative rating? watch the ring instead.

the plot of corpse grinders 2 is very much similar to the original corpse grinders, what is left that is different from the other film consists of weird aliens.it is my belief that this film would be the #1 worst film on imdb - if anyone had actually watched it. the plot is disconnected and, in several (way too many) instances, makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. the real wonder here is why in the world was this sequel created to such an unsuccessful and horrendous (but still somewhat better) film.i would highly recommend this film if you enjoy watching terrible movies for a good laugh.

in a far away galaxy is a planet called ceta. it's native people worship cats. but the dog people wage war upon these feline loving people and they have no choice but to go to earth and grind people up for food. this is one of the stupidest f#@k!ng ideas for a movie i've seen. leave it to ted mikels to make a movie more incompetent than the already low standard he set in previous films. it's like he enjoying playing in a celluloid game of limbo. how low can he go? the only losers in the scenario are us the viewer. mr. mikels and his silly little handlebar mustache actually has people who still buy this crap.my grade: f dvd extras: commentary by ted mikels; the story behind the making of (9 and a half minutes); 17 minutes, 15 seconds of behind the scenes footage; ted mikels filmography; and trailers for "the worm eaters" "girl in gold boots", "the doll squad", "ten violent women" (featuring nudity), "blood orgy of the she devils", & "the corpse grinders"

i am a huge fan of ted v mikels and the original "corpse grinders" is the main reason why but this is quite possibly the worst film i have ever seen. even the brilliant casting of the legendary liz renay ("desperate living") could not save this worthless piece of garbage. this film should serve as a lesson to all past, present and future film makers...when you have a film as successful as the original "corpse grinders" was you should probably leave sleeping dogs lie and you should definitely not try to revitalize it over twenty years later (unless you have the financial backing to pull of a superior sequel such as herschel gordon lewis did with "blood feast 2: all u can eat") even if you do decide to do this you should probably spend a little bit more money than you did on the original and for god's sake...never film a movie onto video...why do film makers even attempt to do this when everyone knows the quality is going to turn out hideous...i personally have yet to see one film made in this fashion that's even worth the powder to blow it to hell...if you can't afford to make a sequel that is better than your original film then sell the rights of the film to someone who can...and what was ted v mikels thinking about (or smoking) when he wrote this god-awful script? i mean come on, dog and cat "aliens" from another planet? a cardboard box painted to look like a devastating machine capable of grinding up human bodies...bones and clothes and all? if any of these actors, aside from liz renay, were paid more than five dollars for their hideous performances than they are grossly overpaid! avoid this film at all costs and watch the original instead.

ted v. mikels's film corpse grinders 2 is 103 minutes of excruciating cinematic swill. the plot is pretty much a mixture of nonsensical business dealings among people who grind corpses into cat food while cat aliens, who are losing a war with dog aliens, looking to get some of this cat food. watching this movie, i began to look for any kind of distraction, anything to reassure myself that i was doing something else besides losing my mind from the inside out.several scenes go on for far too long, as characters take forever to do simple things. i've heard that mr. mikels doesn't like to use jump cuts too often, fearful that they will confuse his audience. i'm not sure if this attitude is "avant-garde" or just "stupid." try as i might, i could not bring myself to care about any of the characters in the unnecessarily huge cast, well with the possible exception of the old men who are the caretakers of the factory. the majority of the cast are a bunch of no-talent amateurs who don't even bother to learn the lyrics to "amazing grace" before they have to sing it on camera. although perhaps the blame should go to the poor sound quality, since i only actually heard around 80% of the dialogue while watching the dvd.this is quite possibly the worst film to ever be shot. i've listened to snippets of the commentary,and mr. mikels comes off as a surprisingly sweet old man, what the hell was he doing making this kind of trash? i'd like to hear the explanations from the old men who had to lie shirtless on a metal conveyor belt waiting to be ground up. movies i've long hated suddenly seem a lot better. i long for the intermittedly appropriate music of excalibur, and the consistent lighting of dawn of the dead. i need to go do something, anything. don't see this movie.

want a great recipe for failure? take a s****y plot, add in some weak, completely undeveloped characters and than throw in the worst special effects a horror movie has known. let stew for a week (the amount of time probably spent making this trash). the result is corpse grinders, a movie that takes bad movies to dangerous and exotically low places.the movie utterly blew. my words cannot convey how painful it was to watch. this is not one of those bad movies that you and your friends can sit around and make fun of. this is not plan 9 from outer space. this is a long, boring, sad waste of time. corpse grinders ii is the biggest waste of energy and talent i have ever seen. i depresses me when i realize that people actually took time out of their lives to act in this shit, if you can call it acting. but than again, when you have poor direction, poor storywriting, poor everything, acting is the last thing to criticize.this movie is like a huge, disgusting turd that you yearn to quickly flush out of existence, fearful that a friend or loved one might somehow see it. i really with i could somehow destroy every copy of this film, so it will not pollute the minds of aspiring filmmakers. thank you, ted v. mikels, for giving me new found respect for every movie i have ever seen. you have shown me what is truly awful, and why i should appreciate all those movies that are merely crappy or boring.

actually, this flick, made in 1999, has pretty good production values. the actors are attractive, and reasonably talented. there aren't a bunch of clowns running around blasting away, expending hundreds of rounds, but never hitting flesh. nor are there wild car chases/crashes where thousands of dollars worth of beautiful machines are uselessly trashed.the interiors look respectably modern, architecturally, and the equipment looks up to snuff. well, there is that high tech computer room furnished with what look like leftovers from a '50s electronics lab. and the pancake make-up on the corpses cracked me up. not pancake make-up in the conventional sense, but what looks like dried pancake batter slathered over their exposed skin. this is supposed to support the idea that the bodies have calcified -- though how the virus would accomplish this transmutation is an exercise left for the student (viewer).ah yes, the virus. i would like to tell you that this is not the absolute worst premise for a sci-fi, horror flick i know of, but i can't. a computer virus that is transmitted via a television (or computer monitor) screen and becomes a lethal biological pathogen? gimme a break. warp drives a la "star trek" are one thing, but photons becoming viruses? this is so silly the desired "fright factor" just isn't realizable. the flick could have used one of those awful dream sequences where the dead come alive, or have a cat jump out of the closet, or something, because the viral thingamajig isn't doing it. one presumes robert wagner has the same excuse for playing in this inanity that lord oliver gave for some of his later, trashy venues. he needed the money. no other comparison between the two should be construed,however.

despite its stereotypes, virtually 'no-name' cast and an obviously low budget i thought this film was alright; much better than i expected it to be. i was skeptical at first - the idea of a computer virus that can also infect people seemed a little ludicrous to me. but in the end, i thought the film handled the concept well (even if some scenes were a little clichéd).the cast was quite good, and the two leads seemed to take their roles very seriously. i couldn't help thinking, though, that janine turner is a bit of a geena davis look-a-like. maybe it's just her face or the make-up, hair and clothes she had in this movie but it just kept nagging at the back of my mind the whole time.while it's not a 'must see' or a great film by any standard, 'fatal error' is an entertaining flick that will keep you watching until the end.

like so many media experiments, this amateurish effort contains seeds of a very interesting social commentary. in the 5+ years since it was released, the premise has been made less outrageous by real world events in software development, and i found it less boring than the previous commentator for that reason, i imagine... the director clearly is a fan of hitchcock, and it's too bad that the film was not better executed, but in fact, it is nearly a parody of pulp fiction, including the soundtrack screeching at us when we are supposed to pay attention. one can almost see the exclamation points and capital letters on a yellowing page.i have to admit i found it rather entertaining for all these reasons and more. sometimes the slick has less to offer us, and i would recommend it to anyone interested in deconstructing it for education purposes. oh yes--and even though the seams showed and it creaked a lot, my heart rate went up, and i was reluctant to get up and take a break.

i have read the novel reaper of ben mezrich a fews years ago and last night i accidentally came to see this adaption.although it's been years since i read the story the first time, the differences between the novel and the movie are humongous. very important elements, which made the whole thing plausible are just written out or changed to bad.if the plot sounds interesting to you: go and get the novel. its much, much, much better.still 4 out of 10 since it was hard to stop watching because of the great basic plot by ben mezrich.

i rated this movie a 1 since the plot is so unbelievable unbelievable. judge for yourself. be warned, the following will not only give away the plot, but will also spoil your appetite for watching the movie.a computer virus, designed by a frustrated nerd, sends out a code through television screens and computer monitors. when the code - in the form of light - enters the eye it can access the 'electrical system' of your body. what it does is forcing the body cells into excretion of calcium. within seconds after infection the patient reaches for his neck, develops tunnel vision, his skin will turn white of the calcium, after which he falls and his hand and scull will crack in a cloud of chalk. this virus is very intelligent. when it finds out that a blind computer expert is trying to disassemble the code with a braille output device - operated by hands - the device is set on a very high voltage, which causes severe burning wounds on the skin of the expert's head. the virus also senses aggression against remote controls and the keyboard of an atm. fortunately it could be stopped by throwing over outdated desktop pc's in a rack and electrocuting the nerd with his back on a broken computer and his feet in some spilled water.oh dear...

robert wagner is the evil boss of digicron, a telecommunications company with a virus that kills people.'so you're saying that the software virus has become a real virus that can kill people - that may be medically possible but not possible from my system' 'i'm having to write some new virus software of my own to trap it - it may take some time''but it's not going after software, it's killing people'watch out for the 'i'm into virology' love moment and perhaps first ever film plot to feature death by braille keyboard

this has the logical consistency of marshmallows filled with ketchup, and the overall aftertaste is just as disgusting. will be used in the 9th circle of hell at recreation time. just plain torture.i would rather choose to watch 90 minutes of my computer going through 5400 blue screens of death than watch this appalling drivel again - ever. horrible. horrible. horrible.you know, the good thing about swiss cheese is that along with the holes you get some cheese: here it's only holes - and the excitement factor? well that turns watching paint dry into an adrenalin rush and an olympic speed sport.my brain hurts from trying to work out who ok'd this drivel, did they think about the premise? (i sincerely hope not, otherwise there is no redemption) the only consolation is they had the pleasure of sitting through the rushes. made for tv should not be a synonym for: "sure, let the horses bowels run loose across the living rooms! our audience are idiots!"i was hooked just to know how it could get any worse. this is not a good sign, folks. hallmark should be ashamed for releasing it.i should be ashamed for watching it.i am ashamed. i'm off for a long shower.

i didn't expect much from this tv movie. you have to set the bar lower than you would for midget limbo for any tbs movie starring antonio sabato jr. still, it managed to disappoint, failing even to be a good-bad film.every scene was by rote, as if someone had cut and pasted scenes from a dozen movies and tv shows dealing with big business conspiracies into the script, leaned back and said, "my work is done". it's all cliche, all predictable, and, even worse, the actors are forced to look like they're taking it seriously, (even when the plot developments are laughable).do yourself a favor. watch "the x-files" if you're in the mood for paranoia. they handle it better. also, let anyone know that sitting through "fatal error" is just that.

extremely disappointing film based on the james michener novel.what was even worse was marlon brando's performance. his southern drawl was ridiculous. i found myself laughing when he spoke as he sounded like an elderly southern lady coming home to roost. brando, so great in previous films, was reduced here to a laughing stock. tyrone power, in "witness for the prosecution," should have been nominated for best actor instead of brando here.the film, dealing with racism, dealt with the u.s. government's attempt to avoid marriages between u.s. soldiers and japanese women.brando was stone-faced throughout the movie. his moving from anti-these relationships to a pro one occurs when he finds love with an asian woman. his emotions and talk made it difficult to see how he could espouse such new views.only the lord knows why red buttons and miyoshi umeki received supporting oscars for their performances. nothing about either performance was equally impressive. umeki's appearance on the screen was short and without much of anything being depicted on her part. a better performance in this film was done by miiko taka, who did nicely as brando's love interest. she showed great emotion as the anti-american who found love with the brando character. her face was etched with the unhappiness she had for losing her father and brother in world war 11. she realized that her dancing was not her way out of this existence that she was living.martha scott went from the hebrew mother yochobel in "the ten commandments" to the bigoted mother of brando's love interest at first. her performance together with the one of ricardo montalban was wasted. patricia owens, as brando's first love, showed depth and conviction in her performance.

one of the requirements of science fiction, at least before it starts to become satire, is that it be somewhat plausible. i would think that an anti-matter bomb would do considerably more damage than for what it was intended. but i'll leave that to the physicists who might have seen solar crisis.it is a crisis the earth is facing because solar flares are getting totally out of hand. they're getting close to earth, so much so that it's become unseasonably hot, as if the entire earth were death valley. the answer is an anti-matter bomb which a space ship will have to take to the sun and explode it there. that will divert the flares off in say the direction of say mercury providing it's not in direct alignment with the earth. who to deliver it, but captain tim matheson and his crew. that is if he can keep his mind on the business at hand and not on runaway son, corin nemec. taking care of the personal side of the family problems is admiral charlton heston, matheson's father, and nemec's grandfather.there's a villain here too, peter boyle who is the ceo of a multi-national corporation which in this crisis is trying to control the world's food supply for the survivors. the idea he might not survive doesn't enter into his thinking. he's doing his best to sabotage matheson's mission.solar crisis seems like a bad mix of 2001, a space odyssey and voyage to the bottom of the sea. boyle seems to be taking his cue from gene hackman as lex luthor in superman, apparently he's the only one in the cast who realizes he's in a turkey and overacts accordingly.the rest of the cast are stalwart, true blue and dull. except possibly desert rat jack palance who finds nemec and cares for him. the key here is that the film was directed by that noted hollywood purveyor of flop films, allen smithee. the film gets as much as four stars for the cast involved and it was out in time for a thanksgiving carving.

it was one of those late night "it's there" i saw it things. sometimes they are great. this one was awful, but it really shouldn't have been.the movie had a really good cast. how can you fail when you have charlsten heston and jack pallance? we're talking oscar winner turf here. it had good special effects. it even had some really good tits! and i mean nicely shown, full breast with full nipple and at one point even some beaver. but it didn't compensate for the one missing ingredient - a story! the plot was ludicrous. i don't mean the "solar crisis" sun exploding stuff, but that was bad enough. it was the rest of the stuff - the oh so stupid and totally predictable evil corporation stuff. man that just stank! no amount of good acting or cool space ships or fight scenes could get around that one.i have seen the same cast members be incredibly good. i have seen wonderful science fiction movies that had miniscule casts and budgets. all the difference is in the writing.

disowned by richard c. sarafian, this disaster stunk up japanese theaters before coming to the states and going immediately to video, where it was not seen again until the turner networks needed something other than infomercials to fill their 3am-6am time slots and found this tape at the bottom of their bin. the smithee name is supposed to be used when the studio hacks the movie so badly that the director no longer wants his name attached to it. but i'm afraid that sarafian can not blame the studio entirely on this one. the actors, mostly recent graduates of "overacting 101", deliver one cornball line after another. the plot is convoluted. the special effects are unimpressive. the parts that aren't laughable are just plain boring. the script or the book must have been good - why else would palance, matheson, boyle, or heston agree to appear in this dud? but something went horribly wrong from the page to the screen. summary: avoid. not even bad enough to be so-bad-it's-good.

i picked this title up from a friend who had it sitting in his exhaustive dvd/video/laserdisc collection, so luckily i didn't personally have to pay for it. i had an inkling that it would be a bad film, but i know what a truly bad film is after watching greats like children shouldn't play with dead things and the incredibly strange creatures who stopped living and became mixed-up zombies, and now there is truly nothing that fazes me unless it is astoundingly bad.solar crisis is bad, but it doesn't reach that sweet spot of absolute pain that some movies are at.anyway, the general plot is that the sun is about to unleash a huge solar flare towards the earth that will essentially destroy it. in order to counter-act this imminent threat, humanity has assembled a spaceship and crew whose duty it is to fire an antimatter bomb (which the opening describes as "the biggest explosive ever") into the sun, which through some convoluted sci-fi logic will cause the flare to shoot out at a different angle, leaving earth unharmed.never mind that what i have just described to you sounds like a bad episode of the original star trek. even with an ensemble cast (charlton heston, peter boyle, and jack palance), solar crisis can barely manage that level of mediocrity, thanks to a plot that starts simple, yet becomes increasingly nonsensical as time wears on.the crowning achievement of this debacle of a movie is the addition of a villain character (played by boyle) who insists on sabotaging the mission. through means that are never explained, he sends an evil minion with an embarrassingly bad haircut to exercise some sort of vague electronic mind control over the space crew's genetically engineered scientist, played by female lead annabel schofield. why is he sabotaging the mission? because by his moronic viewpoint, he believes the flare won't happen and that when it doesn't, he will become fabulously wealthy because he has dug his evil claws into the stock market. in effect, you have a villain with the most absurdly stupid motivation imaginable.the film's plot becomes amazingly convoluted and develops very slowly, in time tapping the use of characters who have only vague or uselessly brief roles in the storyline. i could sit here and explain in detail precisely what happens to demonstrate the sheer inability of the screenwriter to make a plot that actually clicks or holds your attention, but i am sitting here writing this review on microsoft word and i know for a fact that this would take three pages, and i would only succeed in losing your interest. but then again, you would probably get the same effect from watching the film.anyway, the film is miserably bogged down with exceedingly poor dialogue. imagine if all that ever happened on the star trek enterprise was that the characters spewed sci-fi jargon back and forth at each-other. yes, i know, they already do that, but imagine if that's all they did, and that they used said jargon to set up vague and near-nonsensical scenes that produce no excitement, tension, or interest in the viewer whatsoever.this is best exemplified at the point when a character in a zero-g environment screws a bolt back onto a metal box before proceeding to cry in agony for a couple of minutes before suddenly exploding. the script alludes previously to the character risking an explosion, but doesn't bother to give any solid answer as to why or how this occurs, nor why he can't really escape. in totality, you have a sorry cross between the bizarre and the laughable.then we have several scenes where dramatic build-up leads to nothing. jack palance's performance is wasted on a character that serves only to drive the boy hero (don't ask) around the desert, before getting roughed up and killed by a bunch of suits. on his death-bed, palance finally tells our boy hero his last name (while wearing a horrible bruised makeup job that makes it look like somebody put a balloon under his eyeball), which he kept quiet about before. colonel travis j. richards. the boy repeats it quietly after he expires, giving viewers the impression that the name is of some significance later on in the film. perhaps charlton heston's grizzled admiral character knows him and the plot will advance thereby once his name is repeated. something. anything.nope. sorry. any hopes you have will be dashed when this moment turns out only to be another of many pathetic, failed attempts at creating dramafor a character so flat and hackneyed that it will forever be a stain on palance's career, just as those of the rest of the cast are similarly marred.completing the film is a painfully abrupt ending featuring schofield piloting the bomb into the center of the sun in an effort to redeem her deeds while under the villain's spell, a climax which features another of the film's considerably well-done visual effects sequences that, even for the visibly elaborate care put into them, still always manage to make the film look just as chintzy as it really is. the saddest part about this film is the obviously large budget, tragically wasted on a stinker of a script and a supporting cast behind boyle, heston, and palance that manage to nail the coffin shut with pure over-acting.grade: d-

oh the hilarity! oh the joy! another film that is so bad it's good! or, so i thought. in actual fact, this one misses the "so bad its good" phase and goes, sadly, straight to the "could have been so bad its good, but they screwed it up and made it plain bad".for a start its way too long. cut half an hour and it might have been more endurable. then put in such ludicrous plots as "the man who is sabotaging the mission to save the earth, because he has all the food stockpiled and he'll be rich if the mission fails!". duh!. or the "talking bomb" plot device last seen in dark star. guess what....just like in dark star, the bomb has a malfunction.....hmmmm. add in a dash of "we can't act our way out of a kindergarten play" and you have solar crisis in a nutshell.light relief is to be had in the form of jack palance (or jack pants, as we called him in this flick), whose sole purpose in the film is to drive a kid around the desert and telephone the kid's dad to come pick him up....eventually. between driving and phoning, jack dispenses pointless drivel and leers and cackles a lot, but contributes little to the story, such as it is. in short, he's the best bit of the movie.my award for "the most ironic line delivered straight-faced" goes to charlton heston, who, when meeting his eldest son for the first time in ages, comments that his son looks a little "out of shape" whilst he himself is standing there with his gut bulging over his waistband and in dire need of a captain kirk corset.also amusing is the bad guy's top henchman, who has a bright white hairstyle that kept making me think of andy warhol, for some reason.apart from these hilarities, there's little to recommend this movie. the ending is a sequence copied from (but mercifully shorter than) the end sequence from 2001.tips for enjoying this movie more, if you are foolish enough to watch it, like i did:1. any time the bomb speaks, imagine it's called tarquin (trust me, it works!)2. whenever chuck heston is on screen and about to speak, pre-empt him by reciting a line from planet of the apes such as "get your filthy paws off me!" or similar.3. whenever the female lead is looking stressed (this is most of the time) keep hoping against hope that she's having an aneurism and will die soon.4. during the interminable "the ship's broke again" scenes, keep hoping the tech/engineer guys will spout a scotty-ism like "you cannae change the laws of physics!" or some such crap.other than that, do what it takes to get you through this one. i dozed off half way through and woke to realise i hadn't missed anything, nor had the plot (laughable though it is) advanced any. so don't worry about tuning out for a few, you won't miss anything.

when i had first heard of "solar crisis" then got a load of the cast, i wondered why i had never heard of a movie with such a big cast before. then i saw it.now i know.for a movie that encompasses outer space, the sun, vast deserts and sprawling metropolises, this is an awfully cramped and claustrophobic feature; it feels like everyone is hunkered close together so the camera won't have to pull too far back.and the effects, while good, are pretty underwhelming; we're talking about the imminent destruction of the planet earth if a team of scientists and soldiers cannot deflect a deadly solar flare. but other than shouting, sweating and a red glow about everything, there's no real feel of emergency.don't get me started about the cast. what heston, palance, matheson, boyle, et al are doing in this movie without even bothering to act with any feel for the material is anyone's guess. makes you wonder who else's condos aren't paid for in hollywood....and as far as the end goes.... well, let's just say it's tense and intriguing but it's too little too late in an effort like this. if it had kept up that kind of pace all through the film, maybe i would have heard of "solar crisis" sooner.two stars. mostly for lost opportunities and bad career moves. i wonder how alan smithee keeps his job doing junk like this?

the movie lacks credence with the helicopters which didn't exist until the 1950s. but no woman would do what was done here, even a woman before the women's movement of the 60s and 70s. about the only portion of the movie that you could believe in was that germany would want to know where the landing would be. ignore for the moment that the british had captured all the spies but even if they had not, they wouldn't have let one roam around like this just to reassure the germans that the landing would be at calais. it isn't one major thing that makes the movie not work. it is the culmination of all the things wrong that makes the movie fail. bad directing, bad scripts, no attempt at authenticity (at all) all combine to just make the movie fall flat. generally speaking spies should fade into the woodwork. the suspense comes in with the spy wondering if the information they have is valid or not and worrying about being detected. on this one that game was over from the start. this spy was doing anything but spying. your only chance at getting something that has some credibility and instills some suspense may be to read the book.

to make a good movie you either need excellent actors or an excellent director. you need at least one of the two. in this eye of the needle we have none.i don't even remember the name of the director. he mustn't have done much in his career. i like very much donald sutherland but he absolutely cannot be the main actor in a movie. he falls short. sutherland is excellent in a movie when he appears for not more than 15 minutes. i would say for instance that sutherland was excellent in jfk of oliver stone when he talked to kevin costner on the bench of a park for 10 minutes non-stop without even taking a breath. wonderful. but sutherland being the principal actor in a movie is no good.kate nelligan? she is probably good for tv series. the dvd is awful. terrible colors. terrible light. i couldn't even appreciate the scenery of storm island for how lousy the photography was.this ken follett story was good but it's a pity they turned it into an uninteresting movie.

i don't know what it is about donald sutherland's acting style, or vocal style, but he always seems to be acting from behind a massive wad of soggy kleenex. he's just...i don't know, thick? somnambulistic? on meds? weird.that said, i just saw the flick again for the first time since its original release, and frankly, i don't remember it ending anything like that. a bad ending, too, because nothing gets tied off. what about the dead husband? the annoying child (and was the kid dubbed?)? the scotland yard and military pursuers? i would have liked something wrapping things up and giving some dramatic closure to it all, not just the big panoramic pull-away.and what woman sleeps with the man she knows just killed her husband? even if she was trying to allay needle's suspicions to protect her kid, she could always have had a headache. that last encounter made me feel way too itchy and uncomfortable...

i was expecting a little something from "k-911", i mean it did look like a cute movie that i could get into. i always did love the dog comedy movies. but it looked like it was supposed to be jame's movie, not jerry lee's. the plot was pretty lame and the two love interests really didn't have chemistry to begin with. not to mention that james seemed to have a total sexist view in the movie despite the fact the writer wasn't going in that direction. james just really ticked me off for more than half the film. the dogs were the true stars and that's pretty sad that they out shined the actors.so, i'm glad it's not just me on imdb who agrees that this was a pretty stupid movie. but hopefully, james will realize it was his brother jim who was the talented one, no offense, but not everyone can be their star sibling. don't you wish ashlee simpson would take that same advice? :d 3/10

i am partly a fan of miyazaki's work. i say "partly" because most of his films fall into two categories: brilliant, and boring. sadly this film falls into the later category.this film suffers from the same fundamental problems as miyazaki's recent film "howl's moving castle". an intriguing premise is set up, but then immediately reduced to little more than a backdrop for some unfathomable events that only serve to confuse the plot rather than explain it.the first third of the film reveals the post-apocalyptic world the story is set in, and actually looks like an very interesting story is about to unfold. from then on things go down hill. the middle part of the film is mostly made up of thinly-veiled eco-propaganda, and the ending is heavily marred by the reliance on the kind of impenetrable spiritualism which ruins a large number of japanese animated films.overall the film feels as though someone ripped out every other page from the script before passing it on the the animators. what is left is something which is visually stunning (although sadly the version i saw was an nth-generation copy, with poor colour - which gives rise to the common myth that nausicaa shows her bare bottom when flying), but which makes little sense and ultimately left me confused.

(this is a review of the later english release by disney, featuring alison lohman, patrick stewart, and co.) i really wanted this film to be good. really, really. i'm a huge fan of princess mononoke and spirited away, and after seeing all the glowing reviews on this earlier miyazaki film, i was eager to see it. but i was shocked, shocked i say, at the quality of this film. those later films boast well-crafted plots, 3-dimensional characters, and the best film music since...well...ever. this film just doesn't come close.might as well start w/ the positive aspects, though. like all miyazaki films, this one is still very imaginative, with a bizarre fantasy/sci-fi setting, in a post-apocalyptic world where insects are the dominant species. nausicaa can also boast some far superior animation to other films from its time. (though not as beautiful and fluid as miyazaki's later films) and the english voice acting is quite well done.but this film...just...isn't...good... the characters are all cardboard - from saccharine sweet little nausicaa, to the ruthlessly evil tolmekians, to everyone in between. once you've seen each of them for 30 seconds, you've seen all there is. and the fact that the plot just ambles along doesn't help.then there's the music... now, hisaichi is hands down my favorite film composer, but nausicaa doesn't do him justice. half the music is 80's keyboards on overdrive, and it usually enters and leaves so abruptly that it distracts the visuals rather than helping them. i highly suspect that hisaichi was told to compose a lot of the music before he even saw the picture.but wait! there's a great message with this film, right?! let's all save the environment! too bad that this film hits you over the head with it like a sledgehammer. there is a scene in which nausicaa hugs a tree. no, really. i ain't kidding.it makes me a little sad to talk about how lame this film is. but for some reason all the other reviews on imdb seem to adore it. and when the characters have to talk to themselves in extended sentences to tell you what's going on, that's lame.if you're the kind of person who worships anime, enjoys 80's music, and plants a tree every arbor day, you will probably like this film. otherwise, save your money for his later films, because they rock big time.

tom wolfe's sprawling, brilliantly observed satiric novel of life among new york snobbery gets a glossy look here but is nevertheless not well served. the film suffers not merely from the miscasting of everyman tom hanks as an uncaring yuppie, kewpie-doll melanie griffith as a manipulative southern belle and bruce willis (?!) as the darling of new york's literati. the most serious miscasting was in the director's chair. robert altman might have breathed life into these unlikeable characters and made them interesting, but brian de palma, for all of his visual sophistication, has never had an eye for the nuances of the human experience. the resulting film looks good but seems blah toward its subject of dehumanization in favor of status. honestly, if a satire does not make the viewer angry, what is the point?

based on tom wolfe's satirical novel that was praised by all (i have not read it yet) tom hanks stars as a wall streeter who accidentally kills a black boy while lost in a bad part of nyc willis stars as the reporter who starts hanks on his downward spiral.. the characters are very thin and there seems to be no empathy for anyone in this movie and for a comedy or a satire there arent a lot of laughs either..melanie griffith had her breasts done during filming so a fun thing to do is to see if her boobs change size during different parts of the film..this will keep your mind off other things like the lack of script or humor.. on a scale of one to ten..3

as someone who has both read the novel and seen the film, i have a different take on why the film was such a flop. first, any comparisons between novel and film are purely superficial. they are two different animals.the novel is probably intended as a satire, but it arrives as a cross between tragedy and polemic instead. any comedic elements such as those which later formed the stylistic basis of the film version are merely incidental to the author's uniformly cynical thrust. and lest the omnipresent white suit of the author fool you into thinking this is another mark twain, think again. a more apt literary precedent would be the spectre of ambrose bierce in a top hat and tails. tom wolfe is equal parts clown and hack, more celebrity than author, always looking for new grist for his self-absorbed mill. it is therefore no wonder that the excellent production skills and direction lavished on the making of the film were doomed from the start. unlike true satire, which translates very well into film, polemics are grounded not in universally accessible observations on some form or other of human behavior, but in a single-minded attack on specific people -- whether real or fictional straw men -- who have somehow earned the wrath of the writer. any effort to create a successful filmed story or narrative from such a beginning must have a clean start, free of the writer's influence or interference.having said that, i too find fault with the casting. it is not merely that incompetents like bruce willis and melanie griffith fail to measure up, but that real talents like tom hanks, f. murray abraham, and morgan freeman are either totally wasted or given roles that are mere caricatures.there is enough topical material here for a truly great film satire, but it fails to come even close.

the point of wolfe's original novel -- indeed the point of the whole story -- is that things take place because of a carefully calculated sense of expediency. the goal is survival within a particular kind of life style. the novel is full of malice. the only relationship that rings emotionally true is that between sherman and his daughter, campbell, and that's only touched upon. that aside, everyone is out for what he can get in the way of publicity, power, money or self aggrandizement.wolfe was criticized for hitting every character and every social segment of new york city over the head. his response was a denial. after all, he lived in new york himself and belonged to a neighborhood improvement committee and other admirable organizations, exactly the qualifications one would want on his resume in order to deny that he disliked new yorkers. (wolfe has a phd in american studies from yale and is no dummy.) those supposed weaknesses are what made the novel memorable. nobody was any good. and sherman mccoy wound up broke, a professional protester for social justice. the movie throws all of that away and imposes a moral frame on the story that simply doesn't fit. wolfe did his homework. the novel was rooted in reality. every event was not only possible but thoroughly believable. wolfe might have made a great cultural anthropologist -- he knows how to get inside a system and record its details.yes, any of us might have found ourselves, as sherman and his mistress do, stuck in the south bronx, threatened by a couple of black kids, and making a getaway after bumping into one of them. that scene is transferred neatly from print to celluloid. but after that scene the movie seems not to trust its audience and at times become frantic in its attempt to spell out its message, however nebulous the message is. sherman might accidentally hit some kid and be arrested for it as he is in the novel, but he would not immediately upon his release from jail go back to his phenomenally expensive condo, take out a shotgun, and start shooting into the ceiling with it, as he does in the movee. in what's supposed to be a funny scene, ceiling plaster falls all over the party guests and they scurry away, shrieking. it simply would not have happened. the movie has left the novel's unspeakably detailed reality in the dust. wolfe's sensibility, the work he put into capturing the real, has been lost. what we get instead is a noisy, fantastic, and silly scene that doesn't do anything except wake the audience up. similar empty scenes follow, screaming out for wolfe's verisimilitude.the movie also fails because it thrusts a lot of sin and redemption into an entertaining story of moral nihilism. here we see "don juan in hell" at the opera. we get lectures on redemption from a poet with aids. we see a lot of guilt in sherman. a black judge who preaches from the bench and gives one of those final speeches about how we all have to start behaving nicely again. a reporter who feels sorry for sherman after turning him into a sacrificial lamb. and a happy ending in which sherman gets off by breaking the law with an idiotic grin. the scene sits on the movie like a jester's cap on a circus elephant's head. the movie not only makes points that are already trite and unoriginal, it overstates them, as if the audience were incapable of absorbing any subtleties.it's not the acting or the direction that's poor. the film's not bad in those respects. and the photography is pretty good too, including two rather spectacular shots -- the gargoyles of the chrysler building and the landing of the concorde. it's the script that is thoroughly botched.the first half of the movie, roughly, is okay in conception and execution. it keeps some of the little details from the novel. sherman and judy's dog is named marshall. who the hell would name a dog marshall? it loses its focus almost completely in the second half and on the whole is barely worth watching.wolfe's cynical redneck right-wingism may be offensive to a lot of people, but he's got the cojones to lay his percepts out. alas the writers and producers did not have the courage to pick them up and thus blew the chance to make a fascinating study of new yorkers.

most book adaptations are bad but this film left out key parts of the storyline and changed the description and some characters. they rewired the storyline and combined scenes and changed the order. they added ridiculous things into it that never happened in the book and would never happen.if i hadn't read the book beforehand it would have been an incredibly dull film, it didn't make you care about the characters, like them or dislike them. it turns the characters into jokes.awful.ridiculous.waste of two hours of my life.

regarded by many critics as one of the biggest stinkers of all time (certainly the biggest stinker of director brian de palma's career).sherman mccoy (tom hanks) is a smug rich boy whose life goes to pieces when he and his lover maria ruskin (melanie griffith) are involved in a hit-and-run. his story is chronicled by another smug guy, reporter peter fallow (bruce willis).well, as i said in my summary...what is this movie supposed to be? it seems to combine comedy, drama, and satire, but it sure doesn't add up to much. it's undermined by unimaginably loathsome, one-dimensional characters who you'd never want to have the displeasure of meeting in real life.i'm no big fan of the novel (i started reading it once, but couldn't finish it because it wasn't to my liking) but it's obvious to me that those who did / do enjoy the novel consider this film to be a complete travesty.i've never seen so many talented actors strive to hard to give a below-average movie some semblance of quality and fail. what a waste.the problems start with casting nice guy tom hanks in a role that is clearly supposed to be unsympathetic. and the role of peter fallow in the novel was that of a brit. bruce willis is badly, badly miscast in the role. what was the thinking there.alas, not even morgan freeman can escape the film with his dignity intact, being obliged to deliver a lame, heavy-handed lecture on 'decency' after the climax.this movie ends up turning into an absurd farce.i liked the assemblage of talent; for that i will give it four out of ten, but i'm sure some people will say a much better movie could have been made from the source material.

this is one of the most atrocious rewrites i've ever viewed. if they want to make a movie with a lousy story, they should refrain from giving it a title of a fine book. there is hardly a relation between wolfe's book and this movie other than the title. i don't mind changes if they help a story flow on screen. at least the changes shouldn't hurt the final product. the last scene in the movie is painfully unconvincing. the actors are miscast. the director and/or screen writer obviously could not decide whether to make a lame comedy or preach an unconvincing sermon.if you've seen this movie and disliked it, try the book. if you've seen this movie and liked it, read the book.

this was a great book and the possibilities for a truly great film were definitely there. but the casting decisions completely wrecked the movie. hanks is a great actor to be sure, but lacks the smarmy, morally ambivalent characteristics needed for the lead role. jeff daniels would have been my choice.putting melanie griffiths in, for eye candy reasons, is understandable, but again, she did not portray the depth or ambivalence, so need to pull this off.this movie is a great example of how every decision, even those early on in the movie production can make or break a file.

if you are one of the people who finds "according to jim" great television comedy, this is going to rock your world. and might i add, kudos for proving that good talent, good writing and a charismatic star are all you really need on any network other than abc, which prefers to air crap like jim belushi's show year after year."k-911" is a big, steaming, brown, german shepherd-sized "thank you" for all of the geniuses who loved the first movie. it's exactly what fans of that film and the lesser belushi deserve. jim's comedic chops and choice in projects are never far behind his ability to butcher a blues standard. look for him to try to showcase all of his diverse lacks of talent into every project he hurls at the public like a surly zoo chimpanzee.if you enjoy jim's work, this movie is your reward.

bonfires of the vanities is a film drenched in flop sweat. i can recall no film that has tried so hard to be so unrelentingly outrageous, provocative and important, yet failed so consistently across the board. it is like a stand up comic who's not getting laughs, but can't leave the stage. the harder the film tries, the louder each attempt at a laugh results in a resounding thud. the desperation the film displays is so glaring it almost rouses pity for all those involved.the film achieves laugh-out-loud status only twice. once is in the sight of geraldo rivera playing an obnoxious, arrogant and amoral tv tabloid journalist -- which is funny only because he apparently doesn't realize he is playing himself. the other scene that deserves to be laughed at is the film's final "big moment," wherein the judge played by morgan freeman delivers the sanctimonious lecture about what morality is ("it's what your mama taught ya!"). the pomposity of the moment is insulting to the point of being absurd. yet, one must admit it is a noble effort. it does have a good, if poorly cast, band of actors, who try to make characters out of cardboard thin caricatures. the film looks professionally made and the little cinematic flourishes that director brian depalma just loves are apparent, if not particularly effective. but the film, which apparently wishes to be a commentary on modern morals and ethics, never arises above the level of cartoon. satire requires style. farce requires energy. even sitcom requires timing. but the best bonfires can muster is desperation. in the end, you don't want to laugh, you just want to turn away.

the original was a good movie. i bought it on tape and have watched it several times. and though i know that sequels are not usually as good as the original i certainly wasn't expecting such a bomb. the romance was flat, the sight gags old, the spoken humor just wasn't. this may not have been the worst movie i've ever seen but it comes close.

i am very disappointed with "k-911." the original "good" quality of "k-9" doesn't exist any more. this is more like a sitcom! some of casts from original movie returned and got some of my memory back. the captain of dooley now loves to hit him like a scene from old comedy show. that was crazy. what's the deal with the change of police? it seems like they are now lapd! not san diego pd. it is a completely different movie from "

the biggest one that bugs the hell out of me is that they say zues takes dutch commands. but she is speaking german to him. the 2 languishes are completely different, its like saying "well he takes french commands" and start talking spanish.james belushi gives more the feeling of being a comedy actor not a detective in the slightest. the role just doesn't fit him, even if its mend to be a comedy.to many stereotype/predicable stuff. typical comment or comebacks.if you don't look at those things i think it could be a nice movie to watch if its ever on tv. but i wouldn't suggesting renting it.

this movie was just plain bad. just about every cop movie cliché is present and accounted for. bad guy gets away? check. partner? check. wacky personality clash with partner? check. rookie with something to prove? check. rookie shows up grizzled veteran. check. about the only ones it didn't touch on were idiot shoot themselves in the foot and retirony but i guess they're saving those old chestnuts for dooley's next outing. add in the battle of the sexes with girl power along with tired old sight gags and banal overdone material like dooley's prize car getting trashed all the time and you have the recipe for one really bad movie. avoid this one at all costs.

i just got the uk 4-disc special edition of superman 1 for about $5. the additional stuff includes the 1951 feature superman and the mole-men. so i slapped it into the dvd player last night, and here are my findings.some initial disappointment - i hadn't checked, and i think i had it mentally tagged as one of the kirk alyn serials. i'm not a huge fan of george reeves as superman, and i hadn't seen anything other than the odd clip of kirk alyn - but hey ho, never mind.this black and white production runs for less than an hour. it has the feel of a couple of episodes of one of reeves' early tv series, a two-parter, put together for cinema release, although imdb says it was filmed as a cinema release in advance of the first tv series. in any event, it's an odd choice for reasons i'll get to later. i'm of an age where i recall tv and movie productions which are limited to one or two locations and sets, so there were no major surprises here. even so, for a low budget movie, this one is really low budget.the story concerns the small town of silsby - population 1,430 - which, puzzlingly, is also home to the world's deepest oil well (6 miles). the story opens with the well's foreman hurriedly taking steps to close the well down. this conflicts with the arrival of metropolis reporters kent and lane to report on the well, at the behest of the oil company. as clark is sniffing out the fact that the drill has emerged into a radioactive cavern 6 miles down, a couple of odd little guys (small in stature, big in head, black in jumpsuit, and bushy in eyebrow) emerge from the capped-off drillshaft, and start mooching round town with puzzled expressions on their faces.a deep breath now, here is the remaining plot of the picture. the little guys scare some kids, so jeff corey (playing the town's rampant xenophobe) incites some pals to kill these "creatures". superman steps in (moderately ineffectually) and catches one of the little guys who has been shot and takes him to the local hospital. corey's pals burn down the shack the other little fellow has hidden in and assume he is killed, but he escapes and legs it down the shaft. corey incites a lynch mob (despite the sheriff arresting him) to hang the hospitalised mole-man. superman stops them entering the hospital and takes the injured chappie to the shaft to return him to his fellows. a total of 4 mole-men emerge with a weapon of some sort which they fire at jeff corey (i call this an aargh! gun because its sole effect seems to be to make corey go "aargh!") and superman saves him. he immediately changes his ways because of amazement at superman saving him after the way he has behaved, the mole-men go back down the shaft. the end.despite the film only being an hour long, there is an inordinate amount of creeping around, bewareing and pursuing - i have left out all the "mole-man 1 creeps from a to b, looking out to make sure no-one is following him" stuff. the mole-men are never engaged in any way whatsoever - they have no dialogue - they just turn up, get persecuted, and go back. they do look a little creepy, but they are hardly the bug-eyed monsters that the town's reaction implies.reeves is quite a good clark kent - very much a hard-nosed reporter, much more so than phyllis coates' rather indifferent lois lane. but he is a terrible, terrible superman. not only does he not look the part (at least his hair is dyed black in this, which is an improvement from the rather light hair he sported in some of the tv episodes), the way he plays it is all wrong in my book. i'm sure he was told to "strike the pose" (which superman does constantly), but someone should have told him that it should be fists on hips, not fists on ribs. and he plays superman as a rather strict and touchy schoolteacher - he doesn't actually wag his finger in remonstration, but he may as well have done.and superman does a huge amount of walking around (i say a huge amount - he isn't actually in it all that much), and a bit of running. he takes off and lands a couple of times, but isn't seen in flight at any point. oh, some bullets bounce off him, and he uses telescopic vision as clark, but with no accompanying visual effect. in fact, visual effects are conspicuous by their absence, and the few which are present aren't very good.i've tried to consider this effort by reference to the standards of the time: but even by those standards i think it's a pretty threadbare effort. thankfully, production standards on the tv series were higher, and at least they took the trouble to come up with stories which had a bit more to them.something of a disappointment - i shan't be watching it again.

back in the 1970s, wpix ran "the adventures of superman" every weekday afternoon for quite a few years. every once in a while, we'd get a treat when they would preempt neighboring shows to air "superman and the mole men." i always looked forward to those days. watching it recently, i was surprised at just how bad it really was.it wasn't bad because of the special effects, or lack thereof. true, george reeves' superman costume was pretty bad, the edges of the foam padding used to make him look more imposing being plainly visible. and true, the mole men's costumes were even worse. what was supposed to be a furry covering wouldn't have fooled a ten year-old, since the zippers, sleeve hems and badly pilling fabric badly tailored into baggy costumes were all painfully obvious. but these were forgivable shortcomings.no, what made it bad were the contrived plot devices. time and again, superman failed to do anything to keep the situation from deteriorating. a lynch mob is searching for the creatures? rather than round up the hysterical crowd or search for the creatures himself, he stands around explaining the dangers of the situation to lois and the pr man. the creatures are cornered? again, he stands around watching and talking but doesn't save them until they're shot. luke benson, the town's rabble-rouser, shoots at him? attempted murder to any reasonable person, but superman releases the man over and over to cause more problems. superman had quite a few opportunities to nip the problem in the bud, but never once took advantage of them.that said, both george reeves and phyllis coates played their characters well, seemingly instantly comfortable in the roles. if only they had been given a better script to work with.

"you're not going to shoot those little creatures. in the first place, they haven't done you any harm. in the second place, they may be radioactive." ah, the joys of no-budget 50s sci-fi yet despite the odd gem like that, superman and the mole-men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time. it's beyond cheap (the one shot of superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation) and pretty dull with it, though it has a surprisingly altruistic message  the mute mole-men, diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like mr mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters, released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious, merely misunderstood, and george reeves' man of steel tries to prevent the local small-town mob led by jeff corey from killing them. an interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day, perhaps, but with little more than good intentions to recommend it.

this film is notable for three reasons.first, apparently capitalizing on the success of the two 'superman' serials, this low budget feature was made and released to theaters, marking george reeves' and phyllis coates' initial appearances as clark kent / superman and lois lane. part of the opening is re-used in the series. outside the town of silby, a six-mile deep oil well penetrates the 'hollow earth' allowing the 'mole-men' to come to the surface. forget about the other holes (those in the plot).second, unlike most sf invasion films of the fifties, the hero plays a dominant (and controlling) force in preaching and enforcing tolerance and acceptance of difference against a raging mob of segregationist vigilantes. no 'mild mannered reporter' here! clark kent, knowledgeable and self-assertive, grabs control of the situation throughout ("i'll handle this!"), even assisting in a hospital gown in the removal of a bullet from a mole-man! as superman, he is gentler than clark towards the feisty lois, but is also the voice of reason and tolerance as he rails against the vigilantes as "nazi storm troopers." third, you will notice that the transition from the fleisher-like cartoon animated flying of superman in the two serials to the 'live action' flying in the 'adventures of superman' had not yet been made.

"the domino principle" is, without question, one of the worst thrillers ever made. hardly any sense can be made of the convoluted plot and by the halfway point you'll want to throw your arms up in frustration and scream "i give up!!!"how gene hackman and director stanley kramer ever got involved in this mess must only be summed up by their paychecks.i hope they spent their money well.

what did producer/director stanley kramer see in adam kennedy's novel and kennedy's very puzzling screenplay? were there a few pieces left out on purpose? and what about gene hackman, richard widmark, edward albert, eli wallach and mickey rooney? what did they see in this very muddled story?and why did candice bergen, who gave a horrible performance, accept such a thankless role?the domino principle wants to be on the same footing as the parallax view or the manchurian candidate and misses the mark by a very wide margin. a major misfire by stanley kramer.

stanley kramer directs an action thriller and leaves out two key things: action and thrills. the domino principle features gene hackman as a convict sprung from prison in order to perform some mysterious task. richard widmark, edward albert, and eli wallach are his operatives --- they presumably work for the government, but that, like most of the movie's plot line, is never made clear. hackman asks a lot of questions that never get answered so the film goes absolutely nowhere. while it strives to be like night moves and the parallax view, the domino principle mixes up ambiguity and mystery with confusion and boredom. the film is extremely well photographed but even that works against it. kramer's direction is devoid of any style. it's a very sunny movie!the acting is fine with hackman proving he's pretty much incapable of being bad. widmark and wallach are suitably nasty and albert is well cast as widmark's cruel lackey. even the usually obnoxious mickey rooney is pretty good as hackman's sidekick. one oddity however is the casting of candice bergen as hackman's wife. we're told she's done time in prison and she seems to be trying to put on some sort of southern twang. kramer's idea of making her appear to be trailer trash is to have her wear an ugly brown wig. it's a role better suited for the likes of valerie perrine or susan tyrell.

there are really two sections of this film. firstly there's the laughable prologue to the film which is so hysterical and cornball that it would almost feel appropriate that the 'the simpsons' troy mcclure should be doing the narration.then the rest of the film begins (starting off with a title song which really doesn't fit in with the rest of the film) which, while technically ok, is killed by a vague, inconsistent and unconvincing plot and not just uninteresting characters, but characters that make no sense.this is especially so with mickey rooney's spiventa, who was supposedly in on the plot and part of the 'organisation' the whole time yet what would have happened had hackman made the seemingly arbitrary decision to take him along when breaking out? in that case he would've been a totally superfluous and unnecessary character, which in the end he still is.the overall problem of the film is that it's totally unwilling to put any detail on who or what is behind this conspiracy. it's as if the filmmakers didn't have the courage to imply that a particular section of society would be capable of creating such an organisation and instead settled on the hope that a lack of explanation would suffice and the audience would form their own conclusions.put simply, the film fails on all levels.

first, it takes a full half hour to get hackman out of jail and to start doing the job. what a waste of time, we all know hackman is getting out to do some job for his masters, why waste almost a third of the movie on these sequences. then hackman stays in a hotel and the story arc again goes nowhere, simply proving to us that hackman is under close watch and anything he says or does is know by the masters. again, another 20 minutes. then more wasted time showing the reunion with his wife. all of this should have taken 10-15 minutes at most simply as a set-up for the real action, intrigue and plot twists. by the time the real action gets going, i was so bored that i just wanted the movie to end. hackman is great as usual, and the other actors as well, but this is a dud of the first magnitude.

gene hackman gets himself busted out of prison by a nameless government agency who want him for an assassination. it's a given of course that hackman has the proficient skills for the job.nobody tells him anything though, he's given as the audience is given bits and pieces of information. that's supposed to be suspenseful, instead it's annoying and boring. hackman goes through with the mission, but the getaway is messed up and the guy at the top of this mysterious entity orders everybody dead to cover it up. so everyone in the cast dies and at the end you don't really care.one of the other reviewers pointed out that the film was originally twice as long, almost three hours and got chopped down quite a bit. maybe something really was lost in the translation, but i tend to think it was a mercy act on the audience.a very talented cast that had people like richard widmark, candice bergen, mickey rooney, eli wallach, and edward albert is so thoroughly wasted here it's a crime. and we never do find out just what federal agency was doing all this, the fbi, the cia, the dea or even the irs.

i can't believe they got the actors and actresses of that caliber to do this movie. that's all i've got to say - the movie speaks for itself!!

i love these actors, but they were wasted in this flick.i can only wonder, what were they thinking agreeing to this crap???debra winger just phoned it in; dennis quaid and arliss howard were caricatures. some people thought it was deep. well, if you liked "breaking the waves", you'll probably like this too. i hated both. 3/10

blazing saddles! it's a fight between two estranged brothers (dennis quaid and arliss howard), both of whom can ignite fires mentally; they square off over childhood differences, with dippy love-interest debra winger caught in the middle. director glenn gordon caron (the tv whiz-kid behind "moonlighting") smothers the darkly-textured comedy in vince gilligan's screenplay with a presentation so slick, the movie resembles an entry from an over-enthusiastic film student on a fifteen million-dollar grant. it has the prickly energy of a big commercial feature, but a shapeless style which brings out nothing from the characters except their kooky eccentricities. these aren't even characters, they're plot functions. barely-released to theaters, the film is a disaster, although strictly as an example of style over substance it does look good. winger is the only stand-out in a cast which looks truly perplexed. *1/2 from ****

let's see. in the "st. elsewhere" finale we found out that there was no hospital and that every thing had been in the mind of an autistic child. "newhart" ended by telling us that it had all been a dream. and "roseanne" ended by telling us that it all had taken place in her mind. very "creative". annoying was more like it. yes, it was just a tv show and wasn't at all reality. it's just that when you get caught up in a great movie or tv show you end up at least wanting to believe that it's all "real". at least as far as the reality it portrays on screen. this type of series finale had been done twice before and was old hat, frustrating and simply not fun to watch. now "newhart" being all a dream? at least done in a creative way that far exceeded the expectations of anyone who loved the show. the idea itself was not too engaging but it was so brilliantly done that its arguably the best series finale ever. roseanne left me feeling cheated after being such a loyal fan.

eddie murphy for best supporting actor??? what an insult to alan arkin and djimon hounsou. jamie foxx (who can act) walks through this film like a zombie. beyonce ??? that was acting??? this movie pales in comparison to chicago or just about any other recent musical. if it were not for the great singing and performance of jennifer hudson i would have given this a zero.and no i never saw the stage play so i am not making the typical broadway vs. hollywood rap.

this movie is all flash and no soul. the actors put a lot of passion into the numbers, but these numbers often didn't connect with the film and felt like stand-alone music videos. and no effort was made to make the numbers sound as if they were happening right there in front of you, every single one sounds like its coming from a studio, essentially sucking all the life from the songs. off the stage the performances were all dull and unrealized, especially hudson, who essentially plays the same angry, "strong" (she's stubborn and selfish) black woman we've seen before. there was absolutely no depth to her character, nor any of the other female leads. though i think the movie wants us to believe that hudson's character faces hardship because of her weight, it is really her own refusal to do what's best for the team that lands her in trouble, making the end of the film totally meaningless. hudson's academy award is a joke, there was no justification. when she sang, she put forth emotion (though it was often misplaced, but this was the writer/director's fault), but when she was just acting, she did nothing to flesh out an already underwritten character. eddie murphy's character is the only one with an arc, and he did a fine job, but still not oscar worthy. the only actor who really brought something to the roll was danny glover, who took a small, relatively unimportant character and made something real out of it. there is nothing here to sink your teeth into, no drama or heart, or even laughs. the placement of the musical numbers was so bad that at times the movie almost seemed to be making fun of musicals instead of being one; the number when hudson is arguing with the other girls is so long-winded if it had been any longer it could pass for a family guy skit. the movie has no idea what it's about, and i felt insulted by the last few minutes. it's a big, boring waste of time, and really is the worst film i saw in '06, and nothing last year was really stellar to begin with.

we expected something great when we went to see this bomb. it is basically a broadway play put on film. the music is plain terrible. there isn't one memorable song in the movie -- heard any hits from this movie? you won't because there aren't any. some of the musical numbers go on so long that i got up to go to the restroom and get some pop corn and it was still going when i got back! if they were good songs well -- but they suck. the pace is slow, terrible character development. the lead was praised for her singing but sounded like she screamed every song -- it was almost impossible to stand. this movie has nothing to offer anyone but die-hard broadway enthusiasts. this is without a doubt the most over rated movie i've seen in my entire life. a complete waist of time and money. there is nothing memorable about this movie except danny glover -- who wasn't on screen enough and whose character wasn't developed enough. rent the video and you'll agree -- this movie was an expensive, over produced, polished dog do.

i just saw dreamgirls yesterday, and i was really underimpressed. despite all the oscar buzz, this is nothing special. anyone who was really impressed by this film has never bothered to see any of the true movie musical classics. except for eddie murphy's great musical and dramatic performance, dreamgirls is just a glorified tv movie with no style or flair. just a bunch of amateurs singing at each other!now, the first half hour was good, but i was irritated at how eddie murphy's terrific raveup performances were truncated and interrupted by montages. those were easily the best songs and best performances in the film. and the "rise to the top" portion of the film was the only part of the film that had a consistent point of view or any momentum. the remaining hour and 45 minutes was a formless, rambling mess that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough to be interesting. it was also visually dull and included too many sound-alike tunes.condon didn't try to turn any of the tunes into big show pieces as i'd expected they would. each number in the 2nd half was just one closeup after another of people "singing" at each other. and the way they shot hudson's big "love me" number was criminal! condon just shot her stomping around the stage--no drama at all! god it sucked!and note to all involved--that "sing-talking dialog" stuff might work on stage, but it does not work in movies (see embarrassing failures of evita and phantom). all that "i'll teeeell youuuu something efff-ieeee!" crap should have been left on the editing room floor. those aren't "songs."again, the film--except for eddie murphy's amazing performance--was nothing more than a glorified tv movie. there must have been megabucks behind the pr work for this film! i wonder how much money was spent to give it that pre-release "one to beat" oscar buzz? as a whole this film was, except for eddie, nowhere near an oscar caliber movie! (except for eddie) i'd rank it right up there with grease 2. big disappointment, especially after all the (very expen$i've) hype!

dreamgirls, despite its fistful of tony wins in an incredibly weak year on broadway, has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. however, that is not to say that in the right cinematic hands it could not be fleshed out and polished into something worthwhile on-screen. unfortunately, what transfers to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit with all of its inherent weaknesses intact. first, the score has never been one of the strong points of this production and the film does not change that factor. there are lots of songs (perhaps too many?), but few of them are especially memorable. the closest any come to catchy tunes are the title song and one night only - the much acclaimed and i am telling you that i am not going is less a great song than it is a dramatic set piece for the character of effie (jennifer hudson). the film is slick and technically well-produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance. there is some interest in the opening moments, watching jamie foxx's svengali-like manager manipulate his acts to the top, but that takes a back seat in the latter portion of the film, when the story conveniently tries to cast him as a villain, despite his having been right from a business stand-point for a good majority of the film. beyonce knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly well, but is stuck with a character who is basically all surface glitz. anika noni rose as the third member of the dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do for the entire film. eddie murphy acquits himself well as a singer obviously based on james brown, but the role is not especially meaty and ultimately has little impact. foxx would seem ideal casting, but he seems oddly withdrawn and bored. the film's biggest selling point is surely former american idol contestant/oscar winner jennifer hudson in the central role of effie white, the temperamental singer who gets booted from the group and makes a triumphant closing act return. for me, effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the movie. the film obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and rather ham-handedly takes her side, but i have never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. from the start, effie conducts herself for the most part like an obnoxious, egotistical, self-centered diva, who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her rather than having much vested interest in the group of which she is a part. when she is booted from the group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude, the charges are more than well-founded, but the stage show/film seem to think effie should be cut unlimited slack simply because she has a great voice. even though the film tries to soften some of effie's harder edges to make her more likable, the charges still stand. her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting she should have our further sympathy because she is an unwed mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that (much like the talent card) motherhood immediately makes any behavior excusable. indeed the only big effort the film makes to show effie's mothering is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl has "no father" and then refuse to look for gainful employment to support them since singing is all she knows. in the hands of a skillful actress, the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma. unfortunately, hudson is not that actress. she sings well, but the dialog-driven moments do not come naturally to her nor do high emotional moments. effie's signature moment (the aforementioned and i am telling you... number) is well-sung by hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. effie is supposed to expressing her rage and desperation at her predicament, but hudson comes off as a cabaret performer belting out a hot number. all in all, not quite the emotional highlight one expects. the latter portion of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver foxx into hudson's earlier position and allow her to strut back in and lord it over everyone. foxx's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly par for the course of many struggling record producers, but the film's seeming implication that he has it coming because he helped usher in the disco era is rather ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending, particularly coming from a film with all of the depth of a puddle. the end result is a faithful rendition of the stage hit, drained of emotion, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.

yeah. pretty sure i saw this movie years ago when it was about the supremes.another recycled storyline glitzed up hollywood-style, borrowing scripts from better making-it-in-the-music-industry films.nothing original here.more make-up, glammier costumes and choreography = more money for the questionably "talented" beyonce draw.if you like the throwback style, you should appreciate actual groups who struggled (without having digitized voices and a hollywood empire).beyonce's involvement makes this hypocritical garbage.

this was longer than the ten commandments, all lord of the rings and the matrix trilogy combined. my oh my, what a nightmare. this is the single biggest over-hype of 2006. there is not a moment that is not scripted and clichéd. movie musicals can be done brilliantly and bring genuine excitement to the viewer. dreamgirls takes the route of chinese water torture, in the form of endless music montages, shoddy acting, and poor directing choices (seriously, mr. condon, did you have to do the old billboard countdown shots? it's at #58! no wait, look its rising up the charts and here is the passing billboard notice to show you again....and again....and again)

it makes sense to me that this film is getting raves from hollywood because oftentimes in hollywood it's all just a popularity contest. it also makes sense when you think that people who are liking the film may just be reacting to the countless songs being spit out at you rather than story content. yet, this film is overrated and overblown. eddie murphy looks just ridiculous. no way do jeniffer hudson and beyonce knowles give the oscar rated performance so many have raved over before the film was even out. i can't even believe that condon is being set up to be nominated for a directing oscar when all he did was put together an album. glitz does not replace a nothing storyline. a bunch of songs does not a movie make.

ok, where do we start with this little gem? mutant slugs begin to take over a small new england (?) town. only one man can stop them... and that man... is mike brady! now, if that wasn't laughable enough, stay tuned.the footage of the slugs is what's known as stock footage. no matter who the slugs attack or where they are, the same shot of piles of slugs oozing everywhere is shown. keep in mind, this singular shot occupies at least half the movie.the acting in the movie was knock down, drag out, steal your wallet, punch your girlfriend, kill your dog, bad. i'm sure there's worse, but you're going to be hard pressed to find it. the only gem was... you guessed it.... mike brady! he must have taken a few night classes at the ymca, because he was the best in the bunch.as for horror? this film is not to be taken seriously. there isn't horror! they're slugs for crying out loud. the entire rising action could have been avoided with a salt shaker or two. only watch this film in a mst3k type environment, otherwise i can see some major damage to the brain.

all you really need to know about this movie comes after the opening scene, where a guy falls into a lake and gets eaten. then they start rolling the title credits: you see "slugs!" in big letters, followed shortly thereafter by "the movie." whew! i was worried i had accidentally tuned into "slugs: the musical" or "slugs: the game show." anyway, from there the movie deteriorates into a kill-fest. you see a guy cut his hand off because he had slugs in his gardening glove, two people get attacked by slugs while having sex, and a girl falling on her back in an underground passageway get stung to death by killer slugs. it's a pretty silly movie, falling in the "so-bad-it's-good" category. it also is shot so poorly with such grainy film that you're shocked to learn it was made in 1988 (my guess was 1974). i'm very surprised it has received as high a score as it has here, because most people here don't give those types of movie any love. but if you want a movie that tries to be scary but ends up being laughable, this is one of your prime candidates.

this could have been a rather entertaining film, but instead it ranks with other duds like leeches and rest in pieces at the bottom of the cinematic food chain. had they played this flick tongue-in-cheek, it could have been a very entertaining film, like re-animator or dead alive, but juan piquor simon plays it tongue-in-cheek in spots but straight more often.the premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs. there is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that mutates the slugs into aggressive, meat-eating monsters - albeit monsters that move slowly and can be squished under your boot. health inspector michael garfiled and two accomplices are the only people that seem willing to fight the slugs while the sheriff and mayor think they are crazy. the climax is a laugh riot - unintentional at that - which makes you scratch your head as to how stupid (actors and screenwriter) the scenario of destroying the slugs is.story: $$ (no new ground charted here. simon seems to play the gore elements tongue-in-cheek but the dialogue is straight. had simon worked with a clever script - one with plenty of one-liners and eccentric characters, this could have been a cult film).violence: $$$ (you won't be letdown here. we get plenty of exploding chest cavity scenes as well as a grand head explosion in the middle of a fine italian restaurant. the blood and guts, that many horror film watchers enjoy, is in full swing here. you also get corpses of people who have been picked clean by the slugs and plenty of slug smashing scenes).acting: $ (wow! michael garfield seems to know that this script is a stinker and he delivers his lines with a facial expression that suggests he knows how preposterous this film-making endeavor is. kim terry, as his wife, does an adequate job even though she does little beyond the hold-your-face-while-you-scream bit. the "teenagers" were all horrible actors - no exceptions. man, this film could have used bruce dern or jeffrey combs!) nudity: $$ (two teens get naughty in bed before they get dispatched - in a poorly done scene - by a horde of slugs that crawled into the girl's bedroom. both male and female nudity here).

mike brady (michael garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic "the warriors") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but i digress). no one will believe him at first, but they will. oh yes, they will.ok, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below johnathon winters as mork's baby in the creepiness factor. so the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. the flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. i appreciate that they spelled out that this was slugs: the movie as opposed to slugs: the children's game or slugs: the other white meat. probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. director juan piquer simón is more widely known for his previous films "pod people" (which mst3k deservedly mocked) and "peices" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) eye candy: kari rose shows t&a my grade: d+ dvd extras: merely a theatrical trailer for this movie

this is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood. if you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this. the acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks, but the movie isn't a complete waste of time. the special effects are actually quite good, and the gore is well done. it reminded me of the remake of the blob, probably because of the sliminess of it all. all in all, you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time, but i wouldn't suggest seeing this movie unless you've got a strong stomach and are into this sort of thing.

i love killer insects movies they are great fun to watch, i had to watch this movie as it was one of my favourite horror books by shaun hutson.i have met him and i wish i did listen to him as this movie was terrible like he said it was,after he said that i was still dying to see how bad it was.the plot: people are dying mysteriously and gruesomely, and nobody has a clue what the cause is.only health worker mike brady has a possible solution, but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities.only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert from england begins snooping around does it begin to look like mike had the right idea after all.this movie as the most overacting you ever see a movie! slugs in this movie are fast (then normal) and it looks like they fast forwarding the scenes! this movie is nothing like the book at all, the book was ten times scarier, ten times gory and had a lot more story to it!i didn't like this movie at all! as i am huge fan of slugs the book and second book called breeding ground! both of books are great read the book then watch the movie, you may like more then i did give this 2 out 10

the movie "slugs" is unique because the titular vermin are actually the good guys in this horrific tale of nature gone awry. you see, these poor slugs have been mutated through the pollution of evil humans and don't mean to do anything malicious, they're just slugs- slugs with sharp teeth who eat flesh and excrete poison, but slugs none the less. the real bad guys are the humans, who either actively try to destroy our beloved slugs, or overreact when they encounter them.for example, take the scene where the guy puts on the glove full of slugs. they were just hanging out in a comfortable work glove when out of nowhere this giant hand came at them, and they reacted instinctively, defending themselves and biting the guy. now, instead of seeking medical attention for his slug bite, this guy runs around his greenhouse screaming like an idiot, spills some highly volatile chemicals, starts a fire, knocks a bookcase over on himself, and cuts off his own hand- then the fire and volatile chemicals mix and his house explodes. how can you blame that on the slugs?this movie paints a portrait of humans that is less than favorable. the characters in this movie include the dumb sheriff who hates everybody, the drunk hick who's mean to his dog, and the lumpy sidekick whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him. there's also a set of drunken teensthat get attacked while copulating, and we have to see the skinny long-haired freaks' genitals. meanwhile, there's a guy who looks like a demonic leslie neilson who yells "you don't have the authority to declare happy birthday!" for some reason. finally, this parade of loathsomeness is rounded out by the guy from the mst3k classic "pod people" whose face explodes after eating a slug-laces salad (another easily avoided fate blamed on the helpful, harmless slugs).humans are portrayed as greedy, stupid, racist, alcoholic, and, in one pointless scene, as would-be rapists. in the movie's climactic scene, the villainous humans try to burn the slugs who are cowering helplessly in the sewers, well, since they're idiots, the humans succeed in blowing up the entire town. they alone do more damage than the slugs ever did!if you hate humans, and i know i do, you'll appreciate "slugs". if you're a fan of bad cinema, you'll also appreciate this crapfest from the director of "pieces" and "pod people". there's enough bad acting, silly dialog, illogical plot twists, lame special effects, pointless scenes, and poor dubbing to hold your attention.

this is easily one of the worst martial arts films i've ever seen, and that's saying something. the chant of viva chiba, viva chiba is heard at the title, soon you will be chanting to yourself stupid, stupid. the basic story is that the mafia is running drugs into japan and one man vowels to stop them, of course that's our man sonny chiba. the karate master offers up his service to anyone who can provide information on the drug lords. a woman comes forward and he becomes the bodyguard, but what are her true intentions? let me say at this point who cares? soon we are treated to or tortured by a series of poorly choreographed fights and a lame storyline that becomes more and more laughable at every moment. sonny eventually wipes out the bad guys with his karate skills, end of story. oh yeah the woman was corrupt too. congratulations you may have just watched the funniest film ever.as stated already this is one of the worst martial arts films i have ever seen. what makes it semi watchable is to see how badly made a film can be. some have already mentioned the infamous american intro put into the film. that's probably the most entertaining part of the film and it's beyond funny. i would agree its worth watching just to see how lame the 70's karate scene was at the time. watch as aaron banks leaves a guy hanging by his nuts then flips a fat student (bad editing) punching him in the throat. but everything is badly done in this film. terrible unbelievable fights, fake i mean fake blood, bad acting, dubbing, wardrobe, and let's not forget the story. one man to take out an entire drug problem in a country? i bet. fight after fight is laughable. this was the 70's when people still believed karate was effective in a fight, but chiba brings it to new levels with some of the nonsense put out in this movie. let's see he kicks a gun in half, kicks a guy so hard what looks like his dentures fall out and of course chopping the bottle scene, give me a break. not to mention the fact that it's very hard to tell what happens in the fights because it's filmed so poorly. one part that was amusing was when he broke the guys arm through the door giving him a compound fracture. ok. as the action goes on we are treated to gobs of blood, really fake blood. too say it looked poorly made is and understatement. the acting is totally non existent in this film. i don't expect much from a film of this caliber anyway as long as the action is good, but it wasn't and as expected the dubbing is extremely poor. was it my imagination or did they dub the asian go go dancer with a black accent? as expected from a 70's wardrobe you'll be in stitches laughing at some of the trends and nasty women put forth for the gratuitous nudity that comes with these flicks. also why would the mafia be so obvious and all where black trench coats and hats all the time? don't try and hide it now. the characters were stupid as well. the pimp club owner's one of whom is decked out in a japanese pimp suit and the other who has a taste for bores head looks like fat hippie. also one last thing that bothered me throughout the film was the awful music with some woman whaling. it was very annoying.overall this is a terrible film by both martial arts standards and good movie making. that doesn't mean that it's not entertaining. with a film made so poorly it's hard not to laugh through most of this film, if you can stomach it. this was an old favorite watch with my best friend. if it was purely bad i would give one star, but the laughs it delivers bumps it up. 4 out 10.

i bought a set of 4 dvds for 10 bucks at my local suncoast, which contained this movie and three other trashy horror flicks (including its sequel "witchcraft xi"). so basically i paid the rock bottom price of $2.50 for this movie, if you do the math. i can't exactly say i was ripped off. i have a thing for trashy horror movies, but this is the kind of trash that gives trash a bad name. the budget couldn't be over $1,000 (though it appears as if they spent a total of $1.50). i know it's a low-budget film, but that's no excuse for totally uninspired camerawork. the film "blood cult," though not very good, was made for an extremely low budget and still had fairly good camerawork and acting. the acting in this movie is the definition of "effortless," especially from that muscular guy with the texas accent. everyone is pretty much reading their lines off the page. you can take that figuratively or literally. i wouldn't be surprised if the script was off-camera as they were performing. i said before that i've never seen a bad english actor. this movie has quite a few bad ones. and though english movies aren't always good, they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication, which is why i don't see why any englishman, or englishwoman, would volunteer to do a home-video-style schlock flick like this. did merchant ivory put a hold on their casting calls? usually, i think people are too hard on directors and actors. even some of the worst movies in hollywood have some level of professionalism in the directing, acting and cinematography departments. even when you watch a movie like "glitter" you can't honestly say it looks like a third-grader shot those scenes (though a third-grader could've written the script). i've seen home movies that are shot better than "witchcraft x," and that's no exaggeration whatsoever. even the gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood on sale at party city. not a single effort was put into making this movie--let's just sum it up like that. you get the picture. there's a good deal of nudity, though that doesn't save it. however, i must say that girl with the red-orange hair, who's either naked or wearing a cleavage-popping outfit throughout the film, is really hot! my score: 1 (out of 10)

john wayne & albert dekker compete for oil rights on indian territory, and for the attention of martha scott in this republic pictures film shot out of utah, usa.an interesting western of sorts due to its characters and its more modern setting, with wayne & dekker playing the old and new factions of the west. it's based on a story by thomson burtis who co-writes the script along with eleanore griffin and ethel hill. albert rogell directs in the workmanlike way that befits his career. a pretty mundane story is in truth saved by its final third, where thankfully the action picks up and we are treated to something resembling a pulse. the light hearted approach to the romantic strand doesn't sit quite right, and a glorious fist fight between the two protagonists is ruined by rogell being unable to disguise the stunt men doing the work. but hey, stunt men deserve their moment of glory always. solid support comes from george 'gabby' hayes and wayne as usual has much screen charisma, particularly when rattling off his pistol. but in spite of its better than usual republic budget, it remains a film of interest only to 1940s wayne enthusiasts. 4/10

i saw this movie last year in media class and i have to say i really hated it. i was in year 10 (and aged 15) so that may have has something to do with it. but for english this year, year 11, we had to read animal farm, also by george orwell. aside from the fact that the book is based on the revolution, my opinion is that it is a terrible book, and i also hated it.but 1984, i think it was the most disturbing movie i have ever seen, and i think that george orwell is one of the most deranged people ever to live on this planet. i'm sorry to everyone who loved his work, but i unfortunately did not. the themes in the movie were well portrayed, but the way the whole movie was set and the events that took place within it were not to my standards. this is only my opinion, and i'm sure many many other people thoroughly enjoyed this film.

i must admit, there are few books with corresponding movies that i have actually read before seeing the cinematic adaptation. nineteen eighty-four happens to be one of those rare cases. the book was great. it was immersive and interestingly prophetic. but the movie just plain sucked. it is easily the worst film i have ever seen. the only reason i didn't turn it off after the first 5 minutes was the fact that watching the movie was half of a two-part assignment for a class. it was dark and grotesque, but did nothing in the way of achieving the proper atmosphere. the acting was nothing above average, and considering the fact that there wasn't much to act out, this was severely disappointing. the book, for example, didn't give me the impression that winston was unable to blurt out more than a single syllable at a time. boring, disturbing, and visually unappealing, the movie totally cannibalized the book. wait a second...isn't it british?

i think that the shots and lighting were very poor. when i watched it for the first time i thought it was the old version(1956). when i really found out the true year of the film i was shocked. i didn't know that there could be such a bad film made so recently. thats really all i wanted to say. this film had a good plot though, nothing you couldn't miss out on if you would simply read the novel that george orwelll wrote. all i really want to say has already been said except for this: i can't believe that this film could have possibly received so many awards and nominations.i gave this film a one (awful), because i felt that it was very badly made. well that is all. so long

the book is fantastic, this film is not. there is no reason this film could not have embraced a futuristic technological vision of the book. hell, total recall was released a few years later and that did a good job of it, even a clockwork orange released in the 70s did a good job of trying to make a futuristic world. the bleak german expressionistic colours, the black and white footage from the vision screens, there is no reason for this approach for when the film was made in 1984. the main character is in a white collar writing job yet he dresses like he works with oil and grease in a garage. this film decides to take a mock-communistic approach to set design, atmosphere and theme, yet the novel did not necessarily dictate a communist, worship-the-humble-worker theme itself. this book seriously needs to be adapted in a modern context as this book is more relevant today than ever before. i could not watch more than 20 minutes of this crap. the soundtrack is annoying, the lack of foresight is annoying, this film seems to have been made to deny a sense of realism or believability when that is exactly what is required to hammer the novel's messages to the viewer.

'ninteen eighty-four' is a film about a futuristic society in which the government controls everything and no one can be trusted. it is a very dark film, and it is one that will not make you feel good about yourself. it is about a romance taking place in this society and the betrayal of the lovers and about human nature being self-centred. the film has some very good ideas and is done well in portraying this society with the dark tones in colours (contrasting with happiness and bright colours in the dreams) and a general feeling of loneliness through objects and people and places. however, despite the film's cleverness at portraying this idea, the film was very slow and did not seem to quite get the idea across. it seemed to spend too much time being clever rather than telling a story.

a few weeks ago, i read the classic george orwell novel, 1984. i was fascinated with it and thought it was one of the best books i've read recently. so when i rented the dvd, i was intrigued to see how this adaptation measured up. unfortunately, the movie didn't even come close to creating the ambiance or developing the characters that orwell so masterfully did in his book. the director seems to think that everyone watching the movie has read the book, because he makes no attempt to demonstrate why the characters act and feel the way they do. john hurt, the main actor, is droll the entire way through, and hardly does any acting until the end. we never really find out what he does for a living, or why his love affair is forbidden, or what the political climate is and why the main character desires rebellion. this book cannot be done justice in movie form without proper narration and explanation of the political system oppressing the characters, and the fact that those are missing is the greatest shortcoming of this film. besides that, john hurt was a terrible casting choice, looking about 15 years older than the 39 year old winston he was supposed to be portraying. on a more positive note, however, the rest of the cast was well chosen. it's just too bad they were put in such a horribly adapted film with the wrong lead actor. -brian o.

i have heard about this novel a long time ago, many of my friends have recommend me to read it. i searched it in every place and finally found it. this is a book that every man should read, because it is genius and because of it's vision. i enjoyed every page.i knew about the movie and could not wait to see it. when i finally did i was very disappointed, many things that are in the book are not in the movie (i do not think that this is a spoiler) that just makes the movie not logical... michael radford might be a good director, but a bad writer. especially as a book adopter. the movie is not dark at all, the writing is really bad, the only thing that is good, even great, is the acting. john hurt is an amazing actor and the only face i myself could see as winston smith.what angers me the most are the people in imdb that called this "the best adaptation ever" without even reading the book! or knowing anything about screen writing!you can only understand the brilliance of the story by reading the book, do not consider this as an alternative. as a fan of the book, i was very disappointed.the points i gave for this movie goes for the acting.

i am a massive fan of the book and orwell is certainly my favourite writer ever since studying animal farm at gcse. i bought the dvd out of sheer curiosity, burton is an actor i hold in high regard so when i heard that he played the role of o'brien i was swung.i watched the trailer on the dvd first and some fears started to set in, mostly regarding the frankly terrible "theme song", hearing the eurythmics mechanically shouting "1984!" over and over again to an electronic beat is as bad as it sounds.the acting on a whole is pretty good, burton and hurt play their roles well and the tension that exists in the ministry of truth towards the end can be felt, especially in the harrowing room 101 scene. however this is also where the movie is let down. the movie spends too much time focusing on the love affair between winston and julia, which frankly isn't what orwell was writing about. he was writing about a harrowing future, about how ingsoc build up a mans beliefs and then shatter them all in the name of him being made to love big brother. the movie skips over what is essentially the most important part of the book, winstons coming to terms with his position in life and the world, and his re-education via o'brien.the comment on imdb at the moment states that the movie sticks to the book is completely incorrect. julia is not present when winston visits o'brien, they do not commit themselves to goldstien's brotherhood and confess their crimes. there is no obvious mention of the initial instances where winston finds the article with the unpersons but it does get mentioned near the end, if you have not read the book it is completely confusing.a terrible screenplay, which some excellent acting cannot rescue. michael radford seems to have completely missed the point orwell was trying to make, and the electronica sound track is frankly terrible.

after hearing about george orwell's prophetic masterpiece for all of my life, i'm now 37, but never having read the book, i am totally confused as to what i've just seen.i am very familiar with the concepts covered in the novel, as i'm sure most are, but only through hearsay and quotes. without this limited knowledge this film would have been a complete mystery, and even with it i'm still no more educated about the story of 1984 than i was before i watched it.on the plus side...the cinematography is amazing, hurt & burton deliver fine performances and the overall feel of the movie is wonderfully grim and desolate. the prostitute scene was a fantastically dark piece of film making.now for the down sides, and there are plenty...there is a war going on, (at least as far as the propaganda is concerned), but why & with who? nothing is explained. there are a couple of names bandied about (eurasia etc), but they mean nothing without explanation.who is winston? what does he do? where does he come from? where does he work? why is he changing news reports? why isn't he on the front line? why doesn't he eat the food in the canteen? what is that drink he's drinking through the entire film? why is he so weak & ill? why isn't he brainwashed like the rest of them? what's the deal with his mother & sister? what happened to his father? a little back story would have been nice, no scrub that, essential for those like myself that haven't read the book. without it, this is just a confusing and hard to follow art-house movie that constantly keeps you guessing at what is actually going on.the soundtrack was dis-jointed and badly edited and the constant chatter from the big brother screens swamps the dialogue in places making it even harder to work out whats going on. i accept that this may have been an artistic choice but it's very annoying all the same.also, i know this has been mentioned before, but why all the nudity? it just seemed totally gratuitous and felt like it had been thrown in there to make up for the lack of any plot coverage.i personally can't abide the way hollywood feels it has to explain story lines word for word these days. we are not all brainwashed simpletons, but this is a few steps too far the other way. i can only imagine that it totally relies on the fact that you've read the book because if this film really is the 'literal translation' that i've seen many people say, i would find it very hard to understand why 1984 is hailed as the classic it is.there's no denying that it was light years ahead of it's time and has pretty much predicted every change in our society to date, (maybe this has been a sort of bible to the powers that be?), but many sci-fi novelists have done the same without leaving gaping holes in the storyline.i guess i have to do what i should have done from the start and buy a copy of the book if i'm to make any sense out of this.all in all, very disappointed in something i've waited for years to watch.

i saw this movie literally directly after finishing the book, and maybe that was a neutral idea or a very stupid one. i think it was the latter. first of all, it was inaccurate in many small, yet important details. one of the first things i noticed was, during winston's day to day life in his work, his conversations, eating in the cafeteria, etc. he feels free to look unhappy and make suggestive glances at people without immense fear. one of the most important parts of the book, was that even in small activities it was virtually impossible to safely show even a hint of his true emotions on his face at any moment. this is also shown in the scenes on the streets of the proletarions. in the book winston knew that this was a huge risk to wander around there and was skeptical and frightened at every trip. while in the movie, he does it so often and without fear, that you lose the important feeling of heavy surveillance and risk right off the bat.other minor inaccuracies included winston hiding his diary in the wall, yes a very small change, but it begs the question, what's the point? there was also the most annoying thing a director can do with a book, and that is morphing characters. the large inaccuracies were far more disturbing, however. first of all, one of the important pieces of the book is that big brother is a government based on an intelligent, yet crude philosophy. in the movie, they skip that and go straight to making you think that the government is run by hitler with technology. which is true, in a sense, when directed with its facism, but if that's all you get out of big brother, you really missed the point of the book. the terrifying thing about big brother is that, in a way, it has some points behind its philosophy. when o'brien is picking at winstons mind in the ministry of love, he is listening to everything winston says against big brother. the fact that he listens, and advances forward in his philosophy, is in effect what is most creepy and intriguing. in the end, (careful spoiler ahead) when winston says he loves big brother, the terrifying thing is that you are not sure whether it was souly the beating and torture that caused this, or the actual power behind the philosophy. i am in no way saying that the big brother's philosophy has points that appeal to me, but its intelligence and depth is what makes this book incredibly disturbing. also, how could anyone feel any connection between julia and winston in the film? it was awful, no connection whatsoever. and where was o'brien before he gave winston his address? one of the things that carried the book was winstons thoughts about o'brien before he made contact with him. in the movie, they just jump the gun. but that about sums up why this movie was a terrible adaption: because its impossible not to jump the gun and morph characters in less than two hours. how could anyone think this movie was watchable if it was under two hours? at the very least, the movie demands 3 hours to be able to capture some of the important moods and connections. anything less is just pointless.if you loved the book, and i mean truly adored it, you will not approve of this movie, and chances are, you already knew you wouldn't. because the book is unfilmable, and this movie just proves how impossible it is cram something decent into a small reel of film.two stars out of ten

i had high hopes for this movie, because i enjoyed the book so much. however, i don't think i would have understood the premise of the movie if i hadn't already read the book. the movie is a noble attempt to show the despair of people trying to break the bonds of overpowering government rule, but the book portrays the suffering much more thoroughly. the corrupt government officials have comfortable, almost luxurious lives, while the common people struggle to obtain the bare necessities for survival. perhaps most people feel this way toward their leaders and rulers regardless of whether or not they are actually oppressed or repressed. orwell's dystopia seems as if it could exist in many places in our modern world. it has been several years since i've read the book, but one hears references to big brother, the thought police, and newspeak frequently in the media and casual conversation. probably many people using these terms don't realize where the terms came from. i strongly recommend that you read the book.

as far as the movie goes, it's an ok science fiction movie. it has a lot of cool stuff in it, and some quality scenes. that said, it's not that good, and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched...as for calling this another cube-movie is utter and complete bullsh!t. this is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie... the whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first, but the introduction of people/androids as part of the "team" behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch...i gave this a 3*** because of the backstabbing of the original. this one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all...watchable for those who have not seen cube & hypercube, but not recommendable for fans of the series...

pretty disappointing prequel to the first two films, it's got none of the suspense of the first nor the interest of the second. by concentrating on the guys who 'run' the cube, it basically takes away any of the sense of tension inside the cube, as we simply don't care about the characters inside. much of the film is simply boring, and it only becomes truly terrible with the introduction of the glass-eyed superior and the green-eyed crazy marine. after that, though, it just descends into over-the-top unintentional hilarity. the ending is fitting though, tying it back into the first one in an indirect way. the script is terrible, the acting mediocre at best, and the direction unimpressive. a much lesser follow-up.

incredible. does it get any dumber than this? not a chance. the stupidity in this movie would shame even ed wood, de palma, and woo. if the first part in the series had mediocre dialog and the second one had bad dialog, then this one has cretinous dialog. amazing. but this time the story has been lowered to the level of the dialog, too. in spite of the acting and the dialog, i liked the first two films, but "cube zero" will surely kill the franchise. the utterly moronic plot so obviously stems from the pen of a frustrated left-winger.i sometimes wonder if such leftists even themselves realize just how anti-democracy and pro-dictatorship they are. in this movie they obviously target the us  a democracy. why don't they target korea, iran, syria, china, zimbabwe etc. in anti-military movies? sure, most of these places are hardly likely to produce a cube like this any time soon, but that's beside the point. it's obvious: writers of garbage like this actually admire these kinds of regimes, whether they are aware of it or not. i would even go as far as to say that anyone who adamantly attacks us foreign policies all the time, has anti-democratic beliefs in his core.back to the movie: apart from being so far-fetched that it isn't even funny any more, the film has many obvious illogicalities. for example, for some reason the two men who supervise the cube have done it for a while and are oblivious to the pain and sadism that the project entails, yet the first one than the other suddenly turn against the system! anyone who has any idea at all about human nature will see right through this idiocy. or how about that cretinous character, the one-eyed evil bureaucrat who talks as if he's in a bad mel brooks comedy. in fact, as soon as this creature appears the movie loses all seriousness and hence any chance of being exciting: it really does become a comedy.

i wasn't really fond of the first "cube" movie. it was a good idea, but the annoying acting and characters always kept me from liking it too much. didn't really feel the need to see its sequel but when i heard they were making a third movie that would act as more of a prequel to the original. i was intrigued, thinking that maybe they would fix some of the original's problems and provide us with a memorable cast of characters. well i thought wrong."cube zero" starts well enough by introducing us with the two characters in charge of watching and maintaining the never-ending maze of traps that plagues the people in the cube. the filmmakers succeed in providing a sense of mystery with the establishment of the two men's daily routine. several questions are created from it, concerning the reason why people are send there and also the true nature of the ones who run the entire operation. all of which are left entirely to the viewer. the acting was a bit weak but all in all the movie's first half moved relatively well.with the story moving on, one of the two "watchers" begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing. and later decides to go and help a group of the people trapped. here is where everything rapidly starts to dissolve into dull cheese.sent by the people who run the cube program we are introduced to the character "jax". along with his two underlings play a major reason as to why this movie is failure. to start of "jax" looks and talks more like a third rate villain taken directly from a james bond movie complete with the ever "popular" glass eye, that alone ruins any atmosphere created by the first half's relatively nice pace. whats more is that it begins to feel more like a comedy rather than a serious movie. with some incredibly corny lines, perhaps the screenwriter got bored and didn't care. the acting itself degrades to a further low when the former "watcher" meets the group in the cube. the entire interaction is painful to watch as is everything else following it.again failing to impress on anything but weak characters, dialog and acting "cube zero" is a waste of time for those searching for a good horror movie.

some people might consider this movie a piece of artwork - to be able to express your imagination on film in order to create a movie filled with antagonizing pain and death.. i personally think that this movie is a disgust, which should have never been released. this movie is repulsive, illogical and meaningless. not only is it a complete waste of time but it makes you sick for days to come. the appalling images shown in the film not only make you grasp for air but they set in your mind and it takes days to forget them. such a shame that people waste their imagination on such inhumane suffering.. "kill bill" would be another example but at least "kill bill" has its purpose, meaning, climax and resolution..

the only thing that frequently pops into my head while i'm writing this review is,i'll never get that hour and a half back!!! to indicate that i'm not just blowing air, i'll compare the movie to the other movies of the cube trilogy(cube and hypercube)!cube wasn't great but it was original and that made up for some technical flaws!hypercube as a sequel lost the advantage of originality but it came out looking pretty sharp and i even liked it beter than cube(the story was better)! but cube zero in comparison to it's predecessors really isn't worth sh*t!a complete lack of good fx, a very f*ck*d up script and just plain old bad acting don't combine well! example:all of the time during the movie i was thinking it would be incredibly stupid if ... should happen and then it would happen, so it's not very original neither! my advice: don't lose that hour and a half i lost!!!!!!!! oh and i hope this movie crashes and burns!!!!!!!

this movie was yet another waste of time... why oh why do i keep renting crap like this?... someone please tell me... *sigh* oh well. back to the movie at hand: cube zero is probably worth it if you really really enjoyed the first movie, (like i did), and just want to check out what's up in the last (hopefully) movie scraped together just to keep some poor actors and screenwriters employed, then of course this is the movie for you. but if you are looking for a good movie with good acting and a fantastic plot... *evil grin* then this movie is definitely for you :-d.... ok i'm lying... at best this movie sucks. ok, i have to admit that certain elements to it was cool.. well.. coolish... and i laughed quite a few times, prolly at the wrong things, but nevertheless i was amused. :-) but all in all the few things that barely makes the "ok" category isn't enough to make this movie worth it at all.. unless you count "manos - hand of fate" one of the top ten movies ever!

i think this one sucked on ice, because it left the cube, and gave us to much information as to the who's and why's. the original cube never left the cube, and it left everything to your imagination. this crap fest however, gives you it all. and i didn't like it...though the acting is solid, i think the reason this one was a downer was because it was done by people other than the original filmmakers, if they had vincenzo natali do this prequel, or even the sequel i think it would have done better and would have been more true to the source. so i recommend you stay far, far away from this one, and hypercube, another movie i don't even want to discuss...(i gave it a 2 for the acting only)

the killings in this movie isn't that bad, but for sure the movie is. it's even worse than that. it's not even worth the wear it might cause when you slide it into your dvd-player.not even the wear it causes on your shoulders carrying it from the dvd-store, not to speak of the money and time you spend renting and watching it. horrible.it's beyond understanding how anyone could say anything positive about this movie. it was just a bare masochistic tendency of mine that caused me not to stop watching, add to that the group pressure from my co-watchers.the manuscript is awful, the directing even worse and the acting is plain despicable.i hope you don't see this as a spoiling your fun, i'd rather see it as a fair warning: do not waste your time watching this garbage!

those familiar with the two previous cube films pretty much know what they can expect: a small group of people trapped inside a bunch of booby trapped rooms, paranoia, bad acting... this one is a bit different though. roughly half of the film takes place outside the cube, where we get to watch the people watching the people inside the cube (or at least five of them).i guess cube zero aspires to explain what the deal with the cube is, but you really don't get to know much more than what was covered in the two first films. sure, there's sort of an explanation in there, but it feels pretty lame compared to what was suggested in the first film.cube zero looks rather cheap (as did its predecessors), and the fact that it shows more than just a couple of empty rooms only emphasizes this feeling. i also fell pretty confident in saying that there's no risk that any of the actors will win any awards in the foreseeable future. they have brought back the traps from cube 1, though, (by that i mean that they're almost the same ones, which is a bit of a shame).i know that many people kind of appreciate this film and its ties with the first one, but i just feel that it's a completely unnecessary contribution to a franchise that wasn't that great to begin with. [1/10]

this is pretty much a low-budget, made for tv, type of movie intended to capitalize off of the success of the original. i'm a fan of b-movies, and this one might have been good had they not attached the name "cube" to it, because as is, the director and plot of the original were better, and this movie just about ruined my taste for the entire series. the characters are annoying and clichéd, there are problems with continuity, and several outright production screw-ups. the story hardly gets a chance to develop because of superfluous dialogue and suffers from that. they more or less use the same horror gimmicks over and over throughout the movie, and because the first one was so good, this simply turns out as a disappointment.if this was a stand-alone b-movie, i'd probably give it about a four. the "1" rating i give it was pretty much a statement about how it utterly paled in effects and intelligence as compared to the first.

the original "cube" is a fantastic b-movie rich with paranoia, meaty characterization, and fine over-the-top performances. it's creepy, cryptic, and cool. and it stands perfectly well, on its own, without a stupid sequel like "cube zero." this third (!) film in the cube series is part retread (most of the booby traps are sadly recycled), part aberration. it takes the bold step of explaining what the cube is - something that was never revealed in the first movie - but, since said explanation is bland, i'd rather it was kept a secret. there are some potentially interesting references to the society that exists outside of the cube, but they never develop beyond hints about some kind of political-religious totalitarian state. so, what little social commentary there is feels flat and unfocused.what works? basically nothing. the acting is purely amateur hour, the pacing is slow (how much of this movie consists of two nerds watching a screen?), and the gore effects, while revolting, fail to convince. in short, "cube zero" reminded me of a "cube" fan-fic, a sloppy and sophomoric clone of a good movie that definitely did not need a sequel.

follows the same path as most sequels. first one was great. second was average and this one, full of bad acting and some stupid dialog and well as a lot of suspension of disbelief, this movie was weak.too predictable and i just couldn't stand that henry wrinkler-like boss with that stupid eye, there was so much more they could have done with this. i liked the first one a lot. i wish they would have went more down those lines, rather than what they did here.there was too much unexplained that needed to be explained, what time period this was in and why why why is there an old fashioned phone in that room?i understand there is another one in the works. blah!

the screen writing is so dumb it pains me to have wasted 2 hours of my life i'll never get back (where have i heard this before). the acting is so-so. things change often enough to keep you watching and waiting for something gruesome to happen. nevertheless there isn't a single original thing in this movie. while the first cube was a nerdy horror movie, which didn't make a whole lot of sense in the end, cube zero has picked up on that and tries to retell exactly the same story, except this time it makes an obnoxious point of trying to spoon-feed explanations for every detail that the first movie didn't answer. the comic thing is, the director recycles the exact scenes of the first movie that were somewhat weird, and tries to explain them. but the scenes are just copied over, there is no coherence whatsoever. this script is sooo pointless. i can imagine it being written by some half-wit 15 year old with a baseball cap and a pack of beer for a class project. the best part is in the end, they cripple the 'good' wunderkind guy, and he becomes the retarded fellow in the first movie, and you see him when they find him ('this room is green..') in cube 1997. goodie gooodie, clap clap, what a twist. first of all, what about if you haven't seen the first one, this doesn't make any sense you nitwit director. oh, another great idea: instead of the numbers to identify x,y,z coordinates of the room (cube 1997), this time it is 3 letters, each one giving one of 26 possible coordinate values. duh. except now permutations don't make much sense anymore..so he lets the letters disappear before anybody can use them..i want my money back.i guess i had to write this down since there are just so many bad, inconsistent, or just stupid ideas in this movie. directors/writers should be required to possess some talent.

the plot doesn't offer any new excitements, it even starts the same as cube i. this time there are no other enhancements for the cube machinery, except for having an extra exit, which is not guarded, very ingenious. the characters are also not so well elaborated as in the first episode, they just became "flat" as in a soap opera. if somebody makes it to the normal exit, the person would be asked some questions, like "do you believe in god?", its not really creative or original and especially in my opinion it doesn't fit into the mystery of the cube with it traps. really there is nothing much else to say about it.

the first cube movie was an art movie. it set up a world in which all the major archetypes of mankind were represented, and showed how they struggled to make sense of a hostile world that they couldn't understand. it was, on the non-literal level, a "man vs. cruel nature" plot, where the individual who represented innocence and goodness came through in the end, triumphing to face a new, indefinable world beyond man's petty squabbles; a world where there were no more struggle, but peace. i rated cube a 10 out of 10, and it's a movie that was never meant to have any sequels.the second movie, hypercube was a massive disappointment. some of the ideas were kind of cool, but in the context of the original movie, both the story and the setting made no sense and had no meaning. still, for being fairly entertaining, i rated it a 5 out of 10.the third movie, cube zero, while ignoring the second, plays like a vastly inferior commercial b-movie rehash of the first, sans the symbolism. there is no "homage" or "tribute" here; there is only ripping off. the same kind of plot, with some elements idiotically altered (like having letters instead of prime numbers between the cubes - an idea which shows more clearly than anything else that this is a rip-off with absolutely no originality and nothing to say).that we see something from "behind the scenes" means nothing, because the watchers are just part of the big bad experiment, the architects of which we hear nothing of. and, in this movie, those who get through to the exit (like kazan did at the end of the first movie) are just killed - where the *bleep* is the sense in that?! that's just flippin' stupid. i'm glad i didn't pay to see this.the production values and acting in cube zero are not too bad, but the story and the ideas are so utterly devoid of any inspiration that this movie can only get from me a rating of 3 out of 10.

well, i just ordered this on my pay-per-view at home because i was bored and needed a laugh. i have to admit, i did chuckle a few times, but i don't even remember what parts they were at. i don't understand why this movie was made. it claims to be a comedy but seriousuly, i don't find a singing penis, or a naked 70 year old woman very funny. this movie was trying to fit itself into the 'gross-out' comedies of recent years such as american pie and road trip, but it just failed miserably. it was way to much gross-out then it was comedy. also, why on earth did cameron diaz attach her name to this movie?!?! the only thing i liked about this movie was when dave and angela were in the pool. i thought it was sexy and enjoyable and well-done. besides that, avoid this movie. 3/10

there's a lot of movies that have set release dates, only to get pulled from distribution due to a legal snafu of some kind, and then put in limbo for a long time. you can only wish a film as rotten as "slackers" remained in a coma for what it's worth, which is miniscule. release dates were continually shifted around for this truly awful movie that is so much a bleep on the radar like it deserves. the premise kicks off under the guise of ethan, a creepy nerd with a scary obsession for the campus bombshell angela. ethan devilishly enlists the aid of david and his friends who have been scamming the school for their entire run with blackmail to help win angela. i don't like to give spoilers out, but for a piece of crap like this i can make an exception. angela falls for david, ethan intentionally screws everything up, the good guys win. that's what happens in a nutshell for another tired retread of the teen gross out genre. gross humor is funny, it always has been dating back to the days of the immortal classic "animal house", to the likes of contemporaries like "there's something about mary" and "road trip" amongst dozens of others of which there are too many to mention. but when you use it as a plot point you can only get so far, case in point, ethan has an angela doll composed of her individual strands of hair of which he does god knows what with it. no one wants to take witness to watch ethan urinating in the shower while singing to himself. no one wants to watch a young man singing "she'll be coming around the mountain" with a sock on his penis. but nothing can prepare you for the full visual assault of seeing 50's bombshell mamie van doren bare her breasts at 71 years old. i don't know if it's the story's lack of coherence, which cuts to scenes that make absolutely no sense. director dewey nicks was a former fashion photographer, and after reviewing this film, you can only wish he'll go back to the profession. the worst thing you can do on any film, is to make it look like you're having fun, because you detract from your objectives, just like "slackers" does, by burying it's plot outline under a pile of gross out gags, pointless vignettes, and lack of construction. it's like a bunch of college students got drunk, took one's camcorder, and shot a bunch of random crap and compiled it together. if you want to see a teen gross out comedy that's actually good, then i suggest "american pie" and "animal house", or "road trip", just something that's entertaining, and not dreadfully bad like "slackers". coincidentally cameron diaz makes a cameo in this film, just as she did in another bad film such as "the sweetest thing" where the story treats gross humor like another plot, instead of a device much like this disaster.. if you pass by "slackers" at your local video store, just keep on walking, and let it end up at the bottom of the shelf like it deserves.

this is the worst movie i have ever seen. i was deceived into thinking it might be good because a couple of my favorite actors are in it. now i want to punch jason schwartzman in the face for taking this role. i was physically ill after watching this film. i really don't understand hollywood sometimes. there are so many people trying to break in that i'm sure you can skim off the top and get the very best. that way the worst movie you make is equivalent to ferris beullar instead of this sludge. the gags like the hair doll and blatantly ripping off jeans commercials added to the humorlessness of the film. glad i avoided this film and watched it on tv. this proves that you should avoid january releases at all cost.

it was so terrible. it wasn't fun to watch at all. even the scene where the girl is using a vibrator, even that's not fun to watch in this movie. i say again, the scene where a girl is masturbating with a vibrator is not even fun to watch. or maybe if that was the only part of the movie that you watched, just girl on couch using a vibrator. maybe they should have just released that one scene in theaters, maybe then the movie would be enjoyable on a certain level. my advice, fast forward to that point, watch it, rewind the movie, watch it again, rewind, repeat. maybe you could enjoy yourself for 2 hours that way. this movie ranks alongside i spit on your grave and doom generation in the category of worst movies that i have ever seen.

this was the worst movie i have ever seen! molly (molly hall) could not act at all! she had no emotion it was all blah blah blah like she was reading out of a boring text book. the smart kid and the kid who loves food (there names weren't worth remembering) were so annoying it drove me crazy.when ever the talked it was about some scientific thing or food. mollys dad didn't show enough emotion about his daughter missing. the police officer and mollys dad said the same thing like four times. it was just horrible. everything was repeated way to much. beatrice should have had something bad happen to her for being so mean. i just wasted a moment in my life by watching this movie!

one of the worst movies i've ever seen. acting was terrible, both for the kids and the adults. most to all characters showed no, little or not enough emotion. the lighting was terrible, and there were too many mess ups about the time of the day the film was shot (in the river scene where they just get their boat destroyed, there's 4 shots; the sheriff and dad in the evening on their boat, jillian and molly in the evening swimming, the rest of the kids in the daytime *when it's supposed to in the evening* at the river bank, and the doctor, beatrice, and simonton at night but not in the evening getting off their boat.) the best acting in the movie was probably from the sheriff, cappy (although, there's a slip of character when the pulse detector *whatever that thing is when people die, it beeps* shows cappy has died, he still moves while it can still be heard beeping, and while the nurse extra checks his pulse manually, then it shows the pulse again, and then he finally dies.) i guess it's not going to be perfect, since it's an independent movie, but it still could be better. not worth watching, honestly, even for kids. might as well watch something good, like the lion king or toy story if you're going to see anything you'll remember.

i was aware of rohmer's admiration for the late works of the ones he considered like great cineasts, and that normal spectators generally considered as artistic failures (as renoir's or chaplin's very last movies ; yes, the "politique des auteurs" also has its dark side). but with "les amours d'astrée et de céladon", it's as if rohmer himself wanted, for what may be his last movie, to perpetuate this tradition of great directors, who made a last senile movie, by adapting urfé's "l'astrée", with ridiculous aesthetic codes, witch just look like a parody of rosselini's last movies (the ones he made for tv from descartes or marx's lives).in his version of "perceval", rohmer refused to film real landscapes in order to give a re-transcription of what may have been a middle age classical representation of things. the director apparently changed his mind when the xvii century is involved, and films actors, dressed like 1600's peasants reciting their antic text surrounded by contemporary trees and landscapes. but the all thing looks even more ridiculous than luchini and its fake trees. it's not that the story itself is stupid, but the way rohmer mixes naturalism with artifices seems so childish and amateurism that it rapidly becomes involuntarily funny (and i'm not even talking about the irritating pronunciation of the actors, the annoying and sad humorist tries by rodolphe pauly, the ridiculous soft-erotic tone, the poor musical tentatives, or the strange fascination for trasvestisment!).the radical aesthetic of the film ultimately makes it looks like a joke, which mixes a soft-erotic movie made for tv with theological scholastic discussions (sic !). at the beginning of the movie, rohmer teaches us that the original french region of the story is now disfigured by modernity, and that's why he had to film "l'astrée" in other parts of the country. however, i'm sure the movie would have look more modern and interesting, if rohmer would have actually still filmed the same story in a modern area with same narrative codes and artistically decisions. this film may interest a few historians, but most of the cinephiles may laugh at this last and sad rohmer's movie.

this film was done in really poor taste. the script was really bad. i feel really sad for the late gregory peck who took on the title role of this b-movie adaptation of one of history's greatest generals. the movie was politically incorrect and downright insensitive to the others who fought the japanese in world war 2. there was a scene where i almost vomited, it showed macarthur in a bunker in corregidor island talking to the troops like a seasoned politician when he comes across a wounded, one legged filipino soldier. the soldier bleeding and dying manages to sit up straight upon seeing the general and says : `no papa, no mama, no uncle sam' and macarthur gives his little pep talk that americans `would never abandon' the philippines. the scene ends with the soldier being invigorated by macarthur's words and gives him a smart salute. i mean if there was a more condescending scene portraying the u.s. as the great white savior of the world please tell me because this one takes the cake. it showed that filipinos are damsels in distress incapable of honor and have to rely on the great americans solely for redemption. it blatantly and purposely overshadowed the contributions of the members of the usaffe (united states armed forces of the far east), these are filipino volunteers that were integrated in the us military during world war 2, who died side by side with the americans fighting the japanese, who walked side by side with americans in the death march of bataan and defended corregidor island by launching a guerilla offensive after macarthur left for australia with his famous `i shall return' speech. my late grandfather, a filipino world war 2 veteran and usaffe soldier was one of the many who fought the japanese with honor and love for the home country. i think this movie does not give honor to them and to the thousands of others that macarthur relied on for intelligence preparations for his famous return in the leyte gulf landing.

when george c. scott played the title role in "patton," you saw him directing tanks with pumps of his fist, shooting at german dive bombers with a revolver, and spewing profanity at superiors and subordinates alike. the most action we get from gregory peck as "macarthur," a figure from the same war of debatably greater accomplishment, is when he taps mapboards with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow of his.comparing peck's performance with scott's may be unfair. yet the fact "macarthur" was made by the same producer and scored by the same composer begs parallels, as does the fact both films open with the generals addressing cadets at west point. it's clear to me the filmmakers were looking to mimic that oscar-winning film of a few years before. but while peck looks the part more than scott ever did, he comes off as mostly bland in a story that feels less like drama than a wikipedia walkthrough of macarthur's later career."to this day there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived," an opening title crawl tells us. it's a typical dishwater bit of post-vietnam sophistry about those who led america's military, very much of its time, but what we get here is neither view. macarthur as presented here doesn't anger or inspire the way he did in life.director joseph sargent, who went on to helm the famous turkey "jaws the revenge," does a paint-by-numbers job with bland battle montages and some obvious set use (as when the chinese attack u.s. forces in korea), while the script by hal barwood and matthew robbins trots out a macarthur who comes across as good-natured to the point of blandness, a bit too caught up in his public image, but never less than decent.here you see him stepping off the landing craft making his return to the phillipines. there you see him addressing congress in his "old soldiers never die" speech. for a long stretch of time he sits in a movie theater in toyko, waiting for the north koreans to cross the 38th parallel so we can get on with the story while newsreel footage details japan's rise from the ashes under his enlightened rule. peck's co-actors, marj dusay as his devoted wife ("you're my finest soldier") and nicolas coaster as a loyal aide, burnish teary eyes in the direction of their companion's magnificence but garner no interest on their own.even when he argues with others, peck never raises his voice and for the most part wins his arguments with thunderous eloquence. when admiral nimitz suggests delaying the recapture of the philippines, a point of personal pride as well as tactical concern for macarthur, macarthur comes back with the comment: "just now, as i listened to his plan, i thought i saw our flag going down." doubtless the real nimitz would have had something to say about that, but the character in the movie just bows his head and meekly accepts the insult in the presence of president roosevelt.the only person in the movie who macarthur seriously disagrees with is harry s truman, who ed flanders does a fine job with despite a prosthetic nose that makes him resemble toucan sam. truman's firing of macarthur should be a dramatic high point, but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation, in which peck plays macarthur as nothing less than a genial martyr.i've never been sold by peck's standing at the upper pantheon of screen stars; he delivers great presence but lacks complexity even in many of his best-known roles. but it's unfair to dock him so much here, as he gets little help defining macarthur as anything other than a speechifying bore. except for two scenes, one where he rails against the surrender of the philippines ("he struck old glory and ran up a bedsheet!") and another where he has a mini-breakdown while awaiting the u.s. invasion of inchon, inveighing against communists undermining him at the white house, peck really plays peck here, not the complex character who inspired the famous sobriquet "american caesar." the real macarthur might have been worthy of such a comparison. what you get here is less worthy of shakespeare than shakes the clown.

although i have to admit i laughed more watching this movie than the last few comedies i saw.the budget must have consisted of pocket change from the actors. the production values are so low that they actual made it kind of fun to watch. reminds me of the robot monster made up of a guy in a gorilla suit with a cardboard diving helmet on.in one scene a hapless victim gets their arm and leg cut off. geez, hard to believe but the black knight scene from holy grail was more realistic. i kept wondering why the victim didn't start shouting " none shall pass" and " it's only a flesh wound, i've had worse". it was one of the funniest scenes i've seen in the past year.the "gladiator/demon" was a stitch too. between the horribly cheap costume and the geeky look of the guy in it the end result was hysterical.truly a movie that is bad enough to be watchable. kind of like seeing a slow motion auto accident on film.

style but no substance. not as funny as it should be. not as deep as it wants to be.this is another in the genre of films about the difficulties of filmmaking. a young filmaker is hired to finish a campy 60s sci-fi movie called codename:dragonfly. think barbarella, or danger diabolique.but jeremy davies is an angst-ridden filmmaker. he's no hack he's an artist. the movie he wants to make is a diary of his life. hardly original.all the characters outside of jeremy davies filmmaker are as thin as rice-paper. characters that might be interesting, such as his father, his doppelganger, or jason schwarzmann as a hack director are introduced and then shown the door without adding a thing.this movie is full of eye candy but when compared to other films about filmmakers such as stardust memories or 8 1/2 it pales in comparison. those movies are funny, provocative with well-developed characters. those movies have lessons that apply outsidethe movie wants to be comic and campy but its just derivative and there is not one funny scene. the filmmakers describe it as a send-up but what's the satirical target? the actors say it's an homage but i think i would rather a full-length version of codename:dragonfly.coppola is clearly amused by the setting as is evident by the visual humor of the sci-fi movie within a movie. but he fails to share why we should be amused.outside of the sci-fi movie its just a mess. there are continuity errors, the filmmaker chooses a sci-fi weapon after its already been chosen. what?just because he has a scene were the filmmaker is confronted by the critics complaining about the lack of story, lack of a point, a scene where he admits empty cleverness does not mean that he has addressed those criticisms.i guess if your roman coppola you can get away with making a movie about an angst-ridden idealistic filmmaker who doesn't know what he wants to say and so ends up saying nothing. in that sense it may be considered autobiograhical.i would watch it at circuit city on a wall full of tvs if i had a choice. watch the 15-minute codename:dragonfly movies included on the dvd as extras and then send it back.

cq could have been good, campy fun. but it commits the only unforgivable sin: it is b-o-r-i-n-g! the pace is deadly slow and the plot is fairly confused and so artificial that it's next to impossible to care where it's going. the story would have been acceptable in a creative writing class from a thoughtful and sensitive eighth grader but this video should have carried a warning label: "caution: student film. fit for viewing only by relatives of the film maker."

some kids are hiking in the mountains, and one of them goes into a large tunnel and discovers some old mummified gladiator. he puts on the gladiator's helmet and spends the rest of the movie killing all the other hikers.this thing is just so utterly senseless it's maddening. here's a short list of things that don't make any sense:1) a guy and a girl are in their tent and they think they hear something outside. the guy goes out to investigate and finds another hiker outside. then he hears his girlfriend scream so they head back to the tent - arriving the next morning?!? he was only 50 feet away!2) these two dunderheads then hear another girl scream (what, 100 feet away?), but don't investigate because they're afraid they'll get lost.3) another guy and a girl are walking around, and in about their 10th scene together the girl informs the guy that due to the circumstances, protocol no longer requires him to address her as professor. i mean, what the...? first off, that's just a really stupid thing to say, secondly he never called her professor in the first nine scenes they were in together.4) a wounded girl attacks demonicus and he stops her, telling her that part of his gladiator training taught him how to wound without killing. um, yeah, we kinda noticed she's wounded and not dead because she's up and walking around. but, thanks for that tidbit of information.5) one girl is tied up in demonicus' lair, and when someone attempts to free her, she instead instructs this person to go and get help. um, look, idiot, if she set you free, which would take about 5 seconds, there would be no need to get help.and it just goes on and on. the whole middle part of the movie is spent with the two idiots getting lost in the woods, then they fight, then they pitch a tent and ignore the screams of their friends, then they wander around some more. it's just so damned boring and pointless that i turned the dvd off halfway through. none of these characters are sympathetic, especially the ones that get the majority of the screen time. demonicus himself made me laugh out loud every time i saw him - he looks like a kid in a halloween costume, scrunching his face up to look evil. he runs, or should i say scampers around like he's gay. the special effects are comedic, the acting is for the most part awful, and nothing makes any sense.overall, maybe this concept could have produced an enjoyably campy film if they put some more time and effort into it, getting rid of the ludicrous dialogue, creating characters with actual likable personalities, having some sort of logical flow to the action, and maybe even making demonicus a female character in a sexy gladiator outfit. but no, instead we get this senseless pile of nonsense that will bore you to death.

i cannot believe this woodenly written and directed piece of cliche film got made. there are about four good looking shots (the director should think about switching to still photography) and that's it. a strong cast is utterly wasted, scenes repeatedly end at the least interesting moments and the script says nothing new. please spare yourself this movie.

i watched this movie, and hoped for something to get better the entire time. what is so great about a guy with no emotion? *yawn*you never see alex show emotion for anyone other than his son. yeah, i know that this is why his son is the only one to cause him to lose his temper (if you can call it that), i get it.characters are undeveloped, relationships aren't given enough time to be understood. in one scene sarah says they won't fall in love, and the next time we see her she's talking about how his death really shook her up because they were so close? logic synapses abound in this film.it's like someone watched boogie nights and wrote this part to mimic little bill. even the scene where he "loses his temper" is the same as when little bill shoots his wife, down to the facial expression (or lack thereof). yes, william h. macy is good at portraying a man without emotion - been there, done that - can you say magnolia?this movie didn't only lack emotion, it lacked substance, a good script, developed characters, and a plot. and it certainly lacks my recommendation. :)~a~

undeveloped/unbelievable story line,(by the time i sort of figured out where it was going, i no longer cared) bad casting.(come on... william macy as a hit man???) bad directing,(have you ever seen tracey ullman perform so badly?)(was i supposed to care what happened to the unethical incompetent, uncaring john ritter character?) bad script...( really, i'm not looking for a formula script but this was really awful) the only really good thing in it was the kid. ten lines? it's not ok if your comment is less than ten lines? come on-- whose rules are those? why can't i say what i have to say in less than 10 lines??? isn't that kind of arbitrary? why isn't it ok to have less than 10 lines of comment?

macy, ullman and sutherland were as great as usual. ritter wasn't bad either. what's her name was as pretty as usual. it could have been a good movie. to bad the plot was atrocious. it was completely predictable, trite and boring.from the first 15 minutes, the rest of the movie was laid out like a child's paint by numbers routine. the characters were stock pieces of cut out cardboard. there was nothing new or interesting to say and that completely outweighed the acting, which was a pity.finally, too bad the script writer wasn't the victim. especially with the "precocious" lines from the child, which were completely unbelievable.again, it's only the acting that prevented a much lower score.

users who have rated this movie so highly simply can't have seen enough good films to compare it with. have they all been brainwashed?? i have rarely felt so disappointed by a film and some of that must be attributable to the ridiculous hype surrounding this movie.from the first, bu is just a chase film. we pick it up at the end of one chase and go straight into another. and another. and another. and another. do you see a pattern emerging? there is virtually no time 'wasted' on plot, character development, or boring old reality.if you haven't see the other two bourne films, you're pretty lost. if you have - you only wish you were lost - somewhere a long way from a cinema.paul greengrass's dispassionate style worked exceptionally well on united 93 which was a sentiment overload desperate to happen, but on bourne and his interminable woes it just has the effect of removing the audience from involvement with the character. he runs. he jumps. he punches. he gets blown up. he clears tall buildings. yada yada yada. above all - he survives. he survives like a plastic action man survives, which only makes the ridiculous stunts he pulls all the more slack and lacking in any kind of tension. so he drives off a building? so what? he'll survive. yawn.there's a girl thrown into the mix because bourne's love interest died in a previous incarnation, but she's just decor. i've seen more character depth and snappy dialogue in episodes of captain scarlet.bourne's own journey of literal self-discovery is dull and formless and tells us nothing we didn't know from the first movie. he was turned into a killing machine. big deal. he finds out his true identity. so what? it doesn't have any emotional resonance when it comes.the 'twist' ending is telegraphed and weak. oh, dear, the more i think about this film the more i hate it! i've already reduced my score to 4 during the writing of this comment! i'd better end now before the slide continues.i love a good action flick and i love a good thriller. the bourne ultimatum is neither. it's a loud, tedious series of flashy edits, ridiculous sound effects and cartoon violence. the idea that it 'shows the way' to the bond franchise is utter crap. casino royale blows it out of the water.

i don't understand people. why is it that this movie is getting an 8.3!!!!!!???? i had high hopes for this movie, but once i was about a half hour into it i just wanted to leave the theater. in the vast majority of the reviews on this site people are saying that this is one of the best action movies they've seen (or of the summer, year, etc.) they say it's an excellent conclusion. wtf!!!!!!!!!?????? what has been concluded (besides the fact that bourne can ride motorcycles, shoot, and fight better than anyone else he comes across)? what do you learn about bourne's character in this movie?????????absolutely f****** nothing!!!!!!! okay, there's a lot of action, but what's so great about the action in this movie?? i don't like the cinematography and film editing. the shaky camera effect and fast changing shots were used too much and they get old fast (i didn't mind them in supremacy because it was still easy to follow and was not used in excess) and made me quite dizzy. i was quickly wishing i had saved my $$$ for something else.this movie has no plot. all this movie is is a 115 minute chase seen. bourne, who you learn absolutely nothing about in the entire 115 minutes of the movie, is a perfectionist at everything he attempts. there is absolutely no character development in this movie, you know nothing about anyone, and there is a wide array of new characters that are introduced in this installment. some people said that this movie has incredible writing and suspense. ???????????!!!!!!!! what writing???? what suspense??? there's no suspense. bourne is so perfect at doing everything he does, i don't think he has anything to worry about. if this is the best movie of the year 2007 i may just quit watching movies entirely!!!! many people have also said that matt damon's performance in this movie is one of the best (if not the best) of his career. what performance?? how many lines did he have in this movie??? i have some respect for damon because he has been in movies that i liked and has played different kinds of characters, but a good actor is someone that you can barely recognize from one movie to the next, someone who chooses different types of roles. not someone who plays the same roles over and over again (which damon doesn't do, but an example of someone who does is vin diesel).anyways, this movie was a big disappointment to me. i do not recommend this movie but i do recommend the first two (bourne identity and bourne supremacy) and i most definitely recommend reading the three books (which are much different then the movies).

how sheep-like the movie going public so often proves to be. as soon as a few critics say something new is good (ie - "shake-cam"), everyone jumps on the bandwagon, as if they are devoid of independent thought. this was not a good movie, it was a dreadful movie. 1) plot? - what plot? bourne was chased from here to there, from beginning to end. that's the plot. don't look for anything deeper than this. 2) cinematography? - do me a favor! any 7 year old armed with an old and battered 8mm movie camera would do a far better job (i am not exaggerating here). this film is a tour-de-force of astonishingly amateurish camera-work. the ridiculous shaking of every (i really do mean every) scene will cause dizziness and nausea. 3) believable? - oh yes definitely. this is a masterpiece of credibility. i loved scenes about bourne being chased by (local) police through the winding market streets of tangier. - i've been to tangier. even the guides can't navigate their way through those streets but bourne shook off 100 police with speed and finesse. greengrass must be laughing his head off at the gullibility of his film disciples. 4) editing? - i don't know what the editor was on when he did this film but i want some! - every scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds. i felt nauseous at the end of the film from the strobe effect of the "scenes" flashing by. 5) directing? - hmmm. this is an interesting aspect. the film appears to have actually not had any directing. more a case of greengrass throwing a copy of the script (all two pages) at the cameramen and told to "shoot a few scenes whilst drunk". - "don't worry boys, we'll tie the scenes together in the editing room". the editor should be tarred, feathered and put in the stocks for allowing this monstrosity to hit the silver screen 6) not one but two senior cia operatives giving the tender feminine treatment to the mistreated and misunderstood jason bourne. - putting their lives on the line for someone they couldn't even be sure wasn't a traitor. talk about stupid nincompoops. (whilst the evil male cia members plot to terminate any operative who so much as drops a paper-clip on the floor). (well, all men are evil, aren't they? - except for snags of course). yes, this really is a modern and politically correct film that shows the females to be the heroes of the day and the oppressive males as the real threat to humanity. 7) when the you-know-what finally hits the fan, good triumphs over evil (just like it always does, eh?) and the would-be assassin gets the drop on jason bourne - he suddenly undergoes a guilt trip and refrains from pulling the trigger (yeah - right...) - at that very moment, the evil deputy director just happens to turn up - gun in hand and he does pull the trigger. - how did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even be out of breath? wonders will never cease 8) don't worry, there's a senate hearing and the baddies get pulled up before the courts. well, we can't have nasty, politically incorrect, cia operatives going round shooting people, can we? how lovely to see a true to life p.c. film of the noughties. -------------the bourne ultimatum is utter rubbish.

i may not be the one to review this movie because after 45 minutes of pure boredom and stupidity i turned the channel. the original series only lasted 2 years which can be said about the careers for adam west and burt ward. put these two "actors" in a stupid movie and the result is twice as bad.

i loved the batman tv series and was really looking forward to this. but they tried to do too much.why they had the story of adam west and burt ward trying to recover the batmobile was beyond me. i don't want to knock burt or adam for the way they look now.....it's been 35 years since they appeared at batman and robin, but to see them dressed in dress suits and fighting 'badguys' was kinda sad. i would rather of just seen the ex-stars do commentary. the batmobile side story was stupid.as for the flashback movie, i think it was too short and left out way too much. it was really just a quick overview in my opinion. i'd like more background. they showed the penguin and joker for about a minute each just to tell the same stuff i already knew. the joker had a mustache under his makeup and the penguin had to smoke even though he hated it and was an ex-smoker. that was it on those 2.i'd love to read the book. i am sure it has more in it that this showed. like why was there 2 riddlers or why 3 catwoman's or 3 mister freezes. where was commishioner gordon, cheif ohara, alfred, mister freeze, king tut, etc. the list goes on. like i said even the ones that were in this one were barely in it.very disappointing. and really corny.

okay guys, we know why we watch film like "the invisible maniac" (just look at the cover, man!). t and a all over the place (with a lot more t than a). but...shouldn't there be a story to go with it?"c'mon," i can hear you say - "this is just girls gettin' naked! who needs a story??!"well, if this were called "the naked maniacs", i wouldn't have a problem. but since these guys are cribbing from "the invisible man", they need to have a bit of story hereabouts, you know, to keep your mind busy.however, all they can muster up is how this crazy doctor creates an invisibility serum and, when he cracks, uses it to spy on naked women and ends up killing a lot of teenagers. and when you see the smarmy-looking teenagers he goes after, you'll be grateful.one star, for the t and a, but there's a little too much gore for you skin fans, so proceed with caution.tidbit - yes, it's that savannah.

this movie is just plain bad. it isn't even worth watching to make fun of it. the lunatic professor is just plain annoying. even suspending disbelief to allow for invisibility (which i glady do for the sake of good bad movies) and allowing for exceedingly stupid victims in a horror movie, this movie asks for even more than that. if you are looking for women's locker room shower scenes, and random sexual encounters, get a porn, if you are looking for a good-bad movie, get something else. if you want to simply waste your time on an annoying bad movie, rent this.

saw this late one night on cable. at the time i didn't know that the girl billed as "shannon wilsey" was actually porn star savannah, but she was so beautiful (and got naked so often, thank god) that i actually sat through this brain-rotting drivel. i like cheesy flicks as much as the next guy--more than the next guy, actually--but this was way beyond cheesy and more into rancid. the truly annoying overacting by the mad scientist and the director's, writers' and special effects people's virtually total incompetence detracts from the gratuitous nudity that is the movie's only saving grace. savannah, before she turned into the plasticized barbie doll she became as a porn queen, is really interesting to watch--she's drop-dead gorgeous, bursts into uncontrollable giggling at times, glances off-camera and laughs and just generally seems to be having a really good time, which is more than can be said for the audience. for even though savannah and her colleagues spend a fair amount of this picture naked, it still can't hide the fact that this is an incredibly stupid, badly made and annoying movie. if you know someone who has it on video, or if it comes on cable some night, check it out, but don't waste your money on a rental.

here's an interesting little movie that strictly gives the phrase "low budget" a horrible name. our physics teacher who has about nine kids creates a strange serum that causes "molecular reorganization". students are hopelessly killed from fake coincidences of submarine sandwiches and flying school supplies. sounds like a resurrection of classic b-movies from the 50s, right? nope! it's not an example of high camp fun, which is way, way off the mark. a glamorous showcase of breasts and butts ensues our desire for pleasure, opposing the horror that should have had 99.44% more in the first place. bottom-of-the-barrel entertainment at its best, aided by pints of red blood and dead student bodies. atrocious movies like this would make the ultimately catastrophic guru the mad monk (1970) the work of an intelligent genius who has a master's degree in film production! it's an automatic "f", so rest easy!

take one look at the cover of this movie, and you know right away that you are not about to watch a landmark film. this is cheese filmmaking in every respect, but it does have its moments. despite the look of utter trash that the movie gives, the story is actually interesting at some points, although it is undeniably pulled along mainly by the cheerleading squads' shower scenes and sex scenes with numerous personality-free boyfriends. the acting is awful and the director did little more than point and shoot, which is why the extensive amount of nudity was needed to keep the audience's attention.in the nutty professor, a hopelessly geeky professor discovers a potion that can turn him into a cool and stylish womanizer, whereas in the invisible maniac, a mentally damaged professor discovers a potion that can make him invisible, allowing him to spy on (and kill, for some reason) his students. boring fodder. don't expect any kind of mental stimulation from this, and prepare yourself for shrill and enormously overdone maniacal laughter which gets real annoying real quick...

the invisible maniac starts as a young kevin dornwinkle (kris russell) is caught by his strict mother (marilyn adams) watching a girl (tracy walker) strip through his telescope... cut to 'twenty years later' & kevin dornwinkle (noel peters) is now a physics professor who claims to have discovered a way to turn things invisible using a 'mollecular reconstruction' serum. however during a demonstration in front of his fellow scientists it fails & they all laugh at him, dornwinkle goes mad kills a few of them & is locked away in a mental institute from which he escapes. jump forward 'two weeks later' & a group of summer college students discuss the tragic death of their physics teacher when the headmistress mrs. cello (stephanie blake as stella blalack) says that she has hired a replacement, yes you've guessed it it's dornwinkle. the student don't take to him & treat him like dirt, however dornwinkle has perfected his invisibility serum & uses it to satisfy his perverted sexual urges & his desire for revenge...co-written & directed by adam rifkin wisely hiding under the pseudonym rif coogan (i wouldn't want my name to be associated with this turd of a film either) the invisible maniac is real bottom of the barrel stuff. the script by rifkin, sorry coogan & tony markes is awful. it tries to be a teenage sex/comedy/horror hybrid that just fails in every department. for a start the sex is nothing more than a few female shower scenes & a few boob shots, not much else i'm afraid & the birds in the invisible maniac aren't even that good looking. the comedy is lame & every joke misses by the proverbial mile, this is the kind of film that thinks someone fighting an invisible man or having henry (jason logan) a mute man trying to make a phone call is funny. the invisible maniac makes the police academy (1984 - 1994) series of films look like the pinnacle of sophistication! as for the horror aspect that too is lame. it's also an incredibly slow (it takes over half an hour before dornwinkles even becomes invisible), dull, predictable, boring & has highly annoying & unlikable teenage character's.director rifkin or coogan or whatever does absolutely nothing to try & make the invisible maniac an even slightly enjoyable experience. there's no scares, tension or atmosphere & as a whole the film is a real chore to sit through. he does nothing with the invisibility angle, just a few doors opening on their own is as adventurous as it gets. there is very little gore or violence, a bit of splashing blood, a few strangulations & the only decent bit in the whole film when someone has their head blown off with a shotgun, unfortunately he was invisible at the time & we only get to see the headless torso afterwards.the budget must have been low, & i mean really low because this is one seriously cheap looking film. dornwinkles laboratory is basically two jars on his bedside cabinet! when he escapes from the mental institution he has all of one dog sent after him & the entire school has about a dozen pupils & two teachers. the invisible maniac is a poorly made film throughout it's 85 minute duration, i spotted the boom mike on at least one occasion... lets just say the acting is of a low standard & leave it at that.the invisible maniac is crap, plain & simple. i found no redeeming features in it at all, there are so many more better films out there you can watch so there is no reason whatsoever to waste your time on this rubbish. definitely one to avoid.

why is this show so popular? it's beyond me why people like it. i think it's one of the worst sitcoms out there. because it's so popular, i've tried more than once to watch it and i can't make it through an entire episode.for one thing, the acting is horrible. everybody is overacting to the point where it's annoying to watch. they talk in unnatural voices, use unnatural tones, and have unnatural body language. i've seen better acting in a kindergarten school play.for another thing, it's not funny. the plots are dull. they're not creative, intelligent, or funny. shouldn't a sitcom be funny?? why am i not laughing?lastly, what is seventies about this? it's about as authentic to the seventies as "happy days" was to the fifties.oh and what is up with ashton kutcher? who cast this untalented dweeb? and now he's making movies?? oh, save us all!if people think this is quality television, it worries me.

as someone who lived through,and still remembers that decade vividly,if the actual '70s had been half this funny and (semi)normal,they would have been so much more enjoyable.actual kids in that era did not act or behave anything close to as bright-eyed and normal as these kids did.the country's youth was still under the influence of the hippies and the drug culture all that '60s rebellion that it spawned,especially in the behavior department;the petulance,the smugness,the self-righteousness,the childishness,the unreasonableness of them - none of the characters exhibit any of that.someone compared to "happy days",and i can see why:they were both sitcoms that take place 20 years before the current time they were broadcast,and they both offer only surface ,cliched depictions of the actual eras,not even close to the full scope of it,just showing the obvious things - the fashions,toys,music,contraptions,etc,and that's it.for those too young to remember,or weren't born then,trust me,the '70s weren't like that,any more than "happy days" were like the actual '50s,as "m*a*s*h*" didn't accurately portray life at a us army medical base during the korean war,etc.

i've tried to watch this show several times, but for a show called "that '70s show," i don't find much apart from a few haircuts and the occasional reference to disco that actually evokes the '70s -- the decade in which i grew up. of the episodes i have seen, most of the plots and jokes could be set in any time period. take away the novelty of (supposedly) being set in the '70s, and the show is neither interesting nor funny.if you're looking for a show that more successfully represents the experience of youth in america in the '70s, in my humble opinion you can do no better than "the wonder years."

i have never understood the appeal of this show. the acting is poor (debra jo rupp being a notable exception), the plots of most episodes are trite and uninspiring, the dialogue is weak, the jokes unfunny and it is painful to try and sit through even half an episode. furthermore the link between this show and the '70s' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show -it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny, clichéd scripts that modern sitcoms have dressed up as depicting a show from twenty years ago in the hope that it will gain some nostalgic viewers or something like that. both "happy days" and "the wonder years" employ the same technique much more effectively and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible, pathetic excuse for a show

i caught this film on azn on cable. it sounded like it would be a good film, a japanese "green card". i can't say i've ever disliked an asian film, quite the contrary. some of the most incredible horror films of all time are japanese and korean, and i am a huge fan of john woo's hong kong films. i an not adverse to a light hearted films, like tampopo or chung king express (two of my favourites), so i thought i would like this. well, i would rather slit my wrists and drink my own blood than watch this laborious, badly acted film ever again.i think the director steven okazaki must have spiked the water with quaalude, because no one in this film had a personality. and when any of the characters did try to act, as opposed to mumbling a line or two, their performance came across as forced and incredibly fake. i honestly did not think that anyone had ever acted before...the only person who sounded genuine was brenda aoki.. i find it amazing that this is promoted as a comedy, because i didn't laugh once. even more surprising is that cbs morning news called this "a refreshing breath of comedy". it was neither refreshing, nor a breath of comedy. and the ending was very predictable, the previous reviewer must be an idiot to think such things.avoid this film unless you want to see a boring predictable plot line and wooden acting. i actually think that "spike of bensonhurst" is a better acted film than this...and i walked out half way through that film!

*** may contain spoilers. *** if living on tokyo time were some bold experiment where real-life wanna-be actors were given film parts on the condition that they would be required to take a combination of powerful prescription anti-anxiety, anti-depression, and anti-psychotic medications (this is the classic psych ward combo that renders patients into drooling zombies) all during filming, then this movie would hold far more interest. or, if the film production was another type of experiment where all of the actors were sleep deprived before and during filming, then tokyo time could be more easily explained.as it is, this film is filled with lifeless, low-energy actors. in the scene where the new husband was sitting on the stairs talking with his sister, it appeared that he was having trouble keeping his eyes open. in almost every scene he speaks his lines sitting down with every part of his body motionless. from beginning to end, his facial expression is best described as "near sleep."fret not about the actors speaking over each other's lines because these actors can barely finish droning out any lines of dialog. everyone speaks with a depressing, monotone voice. no laughing. no yelling. no vigor. no one has energy enough to crack a smile. the result: complete and total boredom.and it does not help matters that the direction is simple and amateurish.avoid this lifeless film at all costs. better to watch greencard which has a similar plot and has charm and energy. or, for an unconventional japanese romance story, check out the long vacation which has an ample amount of everything living on tokyo time does not.

happy go lovely is a waste of everybody's time and talent including the audience. the lightness of the old-hat mistaken identity and faux scandal plot lines is eminently forgivable. very few people watched these movies for their plots. but, they usually had some interesting minor characters involved in subplots -- not here. they usually had interesting choreography and breathtaking dancing and catchy songs. not happy go lovely. and vera-ellen as the female lead played the whole movie as a second banana looking desperately for a star to play off it -- and instead she was called upon to carry the movie, and couldn't do it. the scottish locale was wasted. usually automatically ubiquitous droll scottish whimsy is absent. the photography was pedestrian. the musical numbers were pedestrian. cesar romero gives his usual professional performance, chewing up the scenery since no one else was doing his part, in the type of producer role essayed frequently by walter abel and adolph menjou. david niven is just fine, and no one could do david niven like david niven. at the end of the day, if you adore niven as i do, it's reason enough to waste 90 minutes on happy go lovely. if not, skip it.

"happy go lovely" has only two things going for it. and those two things are vera-ellen's legs. this is a british (excelsior films) version of an m-g-m musical complete with second tier stars. i would imagine that vera-ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star. but, i'm sorry to say, ms. ellen's chance did not pay off.opening with a horrible scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune, this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy. the predictable mistaken identity plot is very thin, and with the exception of david niven, cesar romero (who is way over the top in his role of a producer) and bobby howes (who is totally wasted in a nothing role) the rest of the cast is totally forgettable.the choreography is boring, but ms. ellen gives it her all. she was never as famous as most of the other musical stars(and she shouldn't be since she couldn't sing and even had a "dancing stand in" in several of her pictures". but when she did dance, it was just entrancing.it's too bad that this film that could have made her a star did not give her the tools she needed to shine.4 out of 10

the oddly-named vera-ellen was to movie dancing what sonja henie was to movie ice-skating: blonde, girlish, always delightful to watch, but not an especially good actress and usually lumbered with weak material. when i watch vera-ellen's sexy apache dance with gene kelly in 'words and music', i can't help noticing that her blouse (yellow with narrow red horizontal stripes) seems to be made out of the south vietnam flag. for some reason, the very american vera-ellen starred in *two* musicals (made several years apart) set in edinburgh, a city not noted for its tap-dancers: 'let's be happy' and 'happy go lovely'.in the latter, cesar romero plays an american impresario who for some reason is staging a musical in edinburgh. there's a vague attempt to link this show to the edinburgh festival, which is nonsense: the festival is not a showcase for splashy leg-shows. we also see a couple of stock shots of the royal mile: apart from a few highland accents, there's absolutely no attempt to convey scottish atmosphere in this movie. the funniest gag occurs at the very beginning, when we learn that the title of romero's show is 'frolics to you': this is a cheeky pun that britons will get and yanks won't.vera-ellen is, as usual, cute and appealing and an impressive dancer, but the very few musical numbers in this movie are boring and bad. the plot -- mistaken identity between magnate david niven and reporter gordon jackson -- is brainless, though no more so than the plots of several dozen hollywood musicals. romero is less annoying than usual here, probably because (for once) he isn't required to convince us that he's interested in bedding the heroine.the single biggest offence of this movie is its misuse of bobby howes. the father of sally ann howes was a major star of west end stage musicals; his wistful rendition of "she's my lovely" was a big hit in britain in 1937. here, he shows up in several scenes as romero's dogsbody but never has a chance to participate in a musical number, nor even any real comedy. it's absolutely criminal that this movie -- with a title containing the word 'lovely', sure to evoke howes's greatest hit -- would cast a major british musical star but give him nothing to do!the delightful character actress ambrosine phillpotts (whom i worked with once) shines in one restaurant sequence, and there's a glimpse of the doomed beauty kay kendall. as vera-ellen's confidante, somebody named diane hart speaks in one of the most annoying voices i've ever heard: it sounds like an attempt to imitate joan greenwood and glynis johns both at the same go, but doesn't match either. val guest has a story credit, but this movie doesn't come up to the quality of his brilliant comedies. the colour photography is wretched, though i realise that postwar britain could not afford hollywood's process work. 'happy go lovely' is at utmost best a pleasant time-waster, with 'waster' being the operative word. i'll rate this movie just 4 out of 10.

oh dear. i was so disappointed that this movie was just a rip-off of japan's ringu. well, i guess the u.s. made their version of it as well, but at least it was an outright remake. so, so sad. i very much enjoy watching filipino movies and know some great things can come out of such a little country, so i can't believe this had to happen. claudine and kris are such big names there, surprised they would be affiliated with plagiarism. to any aspiring movie makers out there in the philippines: you do not have to stoop this low to make money. there are many movie buffs that are watching the movies filipinos put out and enjoying them!

silly, simplistic, and short, gun crazy (volume 1: a woman from nowhere) goes nowhere.this brief (just over sixty minutes) tale isn't so much inspired by the classic spaghetti westerns as it is a rip-off of sam raimi's the quick & the dead (his admitted homage to the spaghetti westerns) brought into a contemporary setting. in quick & dead, sharon stone's character seeks revenge against the dastardly sheriff (played by gene hackman) who, when she was but an urchin, placed the fate of her father (a brief cameo by gary sinise) in her hands; she accidentally shot him through the head. in gun crazy, saki (played by the nimble ryoko yonekura) seeks revenge against the dastardly mr. tojo (played with minimalist appeal by shingo tsurumi), who, when she was but an urchin, placed the fate of her father in her hands; she let her foot slip off the clutch, and dear ole dad was drawn and quartered by a semi truck. the only significant difference, despite the settings, is the fact that tojo sadistically cripples saki with  well, i won't spoil that for you in case you decide to watch it.in short, saki  a pale imitation of the clint eastwood's 'man with no name'  rides into the town  basically, there's a auto shop and a tavern alongside an american military base, so i guess that suffices for a town  corrupted by tojo, the local crimelord with a ridiculously high price on his head for reasons never explained or explored. confessing her true self as a bounty hunter, saki takes on the local gunmen in shootouts whose choreography bares more than a passing similarity to the works of johnny to and john woo. of course, by the end of the film saki has endured her fair amount of torture at the hands of the bad guys, but she rises to the occasion  on her knees, in a laughable attempt at a surprise ending  and vanquishes all of her enemies with a rocket launcher.don't ask where she gets the rocket launcher. just watch it for yourself. try not to laugh.the image quality is average for the dvd release. there is a grainy quality to several sequences, but, all in all, this isn't a bad transfer. the sound quality leaves a bit to the imagination at times, but, again, it isn't a bad transfer.rather, it's a bad film.

chances are if i watched this again i might get physically sick, the film is so annoying.....unless you believe in psychics, re-incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big-time. the "re-cycling of souls," they call it here. puh-leeze.this story has been done several times before with such films as "heaven can wait." it's also been done a lot better. too bad they had to waste the talents of robert downey jr., cybill shepherd, ryan o'neal and mary stuart masterson.at least it's a pretty tame film, language-wise. that's about the only redeeming quality of this movie.

'chances are' a big mistake to see. you could know director emile ardolino from 'dirty dancing' and 'sister act' and should expect something amusing from him. but i guess i have to disillusion you. he made a really, really bad movie.according to the story christopher mcdonald dies to reburn as a baby. the baby grows up robert downey jr, and jr returns his former home town where she meets his former daughter, mary stuart masterson (complicated, huh?).they fall in love with each other. then appears jr former wife, cybill shepherd, and jr falls in love with her too. i guess i don't even have to mention that she loves ryan o'neil.in one of his first roles robert downey jr's on his worst. he copies michael j fox.after the 'moonlighting' shepherd proves that she's not suitable for acting in movies.anyway, there's one thing this unfunny comedy can be used: as antidote to insomnia.

predictable plot. simple dialogue. shockingly unemotional performances. but robert downey, jr. is so cute, i gave this "poor man's afternoon special" a 3 instead of the 1 or 2 it so richly deserved.

first i liked that movie. it seemed to me a nice comedy with some silly moments. the costume designer albert wolsky did his best!!! the same as wonderful set decorator robert r. benton - this man really had a very good taste!!! but the script writers disappointed me extremely. the best ending would be the scene on the ladder, but instead of it, they decided that the father and his daughter should be together. don't like the ending. the father becomes boyfriend of his own daughter and his ex-wife knows about it and finds it alright. it would be ok, if the scriptwriters would for example say that now there is a different soul in the body, but they did not, they only deprived him of memories. the actors were good, they were really funny. cybill shepherd was charming, robert downey jr. was very funny in the dancing scene : )))... but some of the moments spoil even the impression of good acting. for example, corinne jeffries, played by cybill shepherd after the death of her husband was waiting for him 23 years (it's a long time!), she was true to him, she loved nobody but him, and when she met him and was just about making love to him, after a scene with her friend philip train (ryan o'neal), she very easily betrayed the man she was longing for so many years!!! it would be a good movie, if not the ending and some missed human psychology.

films starring child actors put themselves on the back foot from the very beginning. while there are some exceptions, the majority of kids just cant act and even the ones that can normally become annoying after a few minutes. the kids in paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds, as they're both very annoying and they don't have an ounce of acting ability between them. in short; they're rubbish. this isn't good considering that they're the leads, and it especially isn't good when you consider the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the rubbish actors. it's a shame that this film is such a dead loss as the plot isn't (not completely). it follows a young girl who, after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook, wakes up in the fantasy world that she has created. it soon becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings, and so sets about making various changes, until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare. oh dear.as you can see, this plot line gives a nice base for a good fantasy horror movie. however, it is squandered through a number of fatal faults. first and foremost, in spite of the premise being an excellent premise for lots of inventiveness; the movie is extremely stale. the central plot is hardly played with at all, and the result is an entirely boring experience. the lack of tension is another huge gaping flaw in the movie, as it sees fit to drag every sequence out to a point that you just don't care any more (which is due to a lack of ideas). thanks in part to it's lead characters, the film feels like a kids movie throughout. this is to be expected as it stars kids, but bernard rose should have decided the slant that he wanted to put on the story; as the horror in the movie is laughable at best. the film is also very cheesy, and the 'romance' between the two leads is extremely cringe-worthy, and makes for very painful viewing. in fact, if i had to sum this travesty up in one word, i would choose 'painful'. paperhouse is poorly acted, laughably plotted, very corny and dull on the whole. save yourself the pain, see something else.

in 1988, paperhouse was hailed as a "thinking man's horror film." wow, you might say, sign me up. this thing is a mess. it features a one time young actress who has a range of like 1 to 2. g. headley with a bad british (dubbed) accent, and a story with no chills, thrills or spills.it isn't even interesting psycho-babble. one will only laugh at its cheap effects and long for a showing of leprechaun 5.the story involves a girl with glandular fever who escapes in her dreams. what you get isn't good horror, art house or even a decent after-school special. i found myself after the two hour point saying..where did my two hours go.the direction is uninspired and i wished it could even be pretentious...something interesting..it seems like the producers were on lithium.even in the dream world things are boring.a short no on this one.

an intriguing premise of hand-drawn fantasy come to life in a child's fever dreams. however, i imagine the average nonfictional child is far more adept at scaring themselves than bernard rose is at riveting the viewer. the duel between anna's two realities drags on far too long to sustain interest, especially considering that the little girl playing her is the most abrasive child actor i've ever seen.use only for kindling.

i was rooting for this film as it's a remake of a 1970s children's tv series "escape into night" which, though chaotic and stilted at times was definitely odd, fascinating and disturbing. the acting in "paperhouse" is wooden, unintentionally a joke. the overdubs didn't add tension they only reinforced that i was sat watching a botch. casting exasperated the dreary dialogue which resulted in relationships lacking warmth, chemistry or conviction. as in most lacklustre films there are a few good supporting acts these people should be comforted, consoled and reassured that they will not be held responsible. out of all the possible endings the most unexpected was chosen ... lamer than i could have dreamt."escape into night" deserves a proper remake, written by someone with life experience and directed with a subtle mind.

normally i'm not the sort to be scared by horror movies, but this movie is the exception. some how this movie got into my mind!!! it is a very simple movie but at the same time extremelly effective, it has great atmosphere and this leads to some shocking moments, the girls father coming down the hill is a real standout. another seen was the family photo i wasn't expecting that and i jumped out my seat!!! i would recommend everyone to see this movie, with the lights out it will stay with you for a long time!!!!!

after reading some very good reviews about this film i thought i would give it a watch and after being very disappointed with the film i thought i would give it my own review. this is my first ever so bare with me.first of all i would scratch horror from the genre as in no way is it horrific or scary in the slightest (with the exception of a few feeble attempts to make you jump unfortunately one of which worked on me.) i would say that calling this film a thriller is pushing it as i wasn't particularly thrilled either! the film is about a spoiled mischievous girl who faints a few times. during these times she visits a house which she has been drawing, after each visit she decides to add something else to the house to make it a bit more lively one of the features being a sad little boy who is also ill in reality. as she befriends the boy she realises that her imaginary world that she created is actually better than the real world that she is in. until she adds her constantly away father to the house, due to a misdrawing her dad turns out to be evil and her and the boy must escape from his clutches.think its an attempt to be a slightly more mellow version of a nightmare on elm street but is more like a trip to the beach.in conclusion my generous 3/10 will hopefully stop at least one of you from watching this drab!

this was a disappointing horror film about a snotty young girl and her nightmares. for a horror or "thriller" film and hype, it's way too tame. there are only a few tense moments in here, not anywhere as near as many as should have been for a film of this genre. even those "tense" scenes weren't much. the music made them more dramatic that they actually were.there is a lot of symbolism in here, so the elitist critics label this "a thinking person's horror film." well, if they think about it, i'm sure they will come to the same conclusion i did - a waste of money at the video rental store.summary: a yawner that offers an unlikeable lead character and generally poor acting. vastly overrated and certainly not what it is advertised.

this typically melodramatic bollywood film has inexplicably become a favorite of western critics. the script is ludicrous, the acting is over-the-top, and it looks cheesy. the only reasons for watching this soap opera are the wonderful songs sung by mangeshkar and the curtain call of the legendary meena kumari. watching the actress, who was ill during the filming and would drink herself to death at age 40 shortly after the film was released, has the same fascination as watching a train wreck. her ex-husband, amrohi, wrote and directed, but lacks the competency to execute either task well. bollywood has produced far better films.

this movie sounded like it might be entertaining and interesting from its description. but to me it was a bit of a let down. very slow and hard to follow and see what was happening. it was as if the filmmaker took individual pieces of film and threw them in the air and had them spliced together whichever way they landed (definitely not in sequential order). also, nothing of any consequence was being filmed. i have viewed quite a few different korean films and have noticed that a good portion are well made and require some thinking on the viewer's part, which is different from the typical hollywood film. but this one befuddled me to no end. i viewed the film a second and third time and it still didn't do anything for me. i still don't really understand what the filmmaker was trying to convey. if it was to just show a typical mundane portion of a person's life, i guess he succeeded. but i was looking for more. needless to say, i can't recommend this movie to anyone.

i saw this director's "woman on the beach" and could not understand the good to great reviews. this film is much like that one, two people who are caught in a relationship with very little dynamic and even less interest to anyone else. like his other films, you have to want to listen to vacuous dialog, wade through very little and become enchanted with underwritten, pretty uninteresting characters. if you feel you can like this film, don't let my review stop you. i do like minimalism in films, but i feel tsai ming-liang's films are far superior. he has a fairly terrific actor in lee kang-sheng in his films. there is nothing here. i wish iu liked it, but i don't. oh, well.

i am generally more willing to be open minded about rom coms than many, but this was simply not a very good attempt. its got nothing to do with comparisons with the british original -- have not seen, and doubt i will. it has a whole lot to do with a meandering plot, lack of chemistry between the leads and a godawful performance/character from its supposed male lead (jimmy fallon).fallon walks onto the screen wearing the clothes and hairdo of a 15 year old and acting a decade younger than that. he's supposed to be a teacher you see, and of course its well known that school districts the world over love to hire individuals less mature than the children they purport to teach. the character is so extremely disturbed and irrational that i have my doubts whether any actor could have made him likable, but old reliables like john cusack or adam sandler might have been able to give it a shot. not fallon, who is neither funny, nor an actor, but appears to think he is both. not once in the entire course of the movie do you either believe fallon in his role, or believe that there is any way these two people should, or would be together. near the end of the movie there is a scene where barrymore (who was cute as usual but could not carry this one alone -- its hard to have a one person romance) tells fallon that its over, too much has happened, and she's moving on. and rather than feeling bad about the scene, or sorry for fallon, you are actively cheering her on -- finally she does what she should have done months ago. but of course the plot mechanics won't allow that to be the end of it (an end which actually might have made a statement out of this mess), and instead we get to see the rational career girl throwing it all away to chase after this childish idiot and encourage his delusions. its of course meant to be gooey and satisfying, but it actually made me more disgusted than anything else.

"fever pitch" isn't a bad film; it's a terrible film.is it possible american movie audiences and critics are so numbed and lobotomized by the excrement that hollywood churns out that they'll praise to the skies even a mediocre film with barely any laughs? that's the only reason i can think of why this horrible romantic comedy (and i use that term loosely because there's nothing funny in this film) is getting good reviews.i sat through this film stunned that screenwriters lowell ganz and babaloo mandel would even for an instant think their script was funny.the brilliant nick hornby usually translates well to film. he adapted "fever pitch" for a british film starring colin firth and ruth gemmell in 1997; peter hedges found hornby's voice for "about a boy" (2002) and when "high fidelity" was americanized for a movie in 2000, writers d.v. devincentis, steve pink, john cusack and scott rosenberg didn't go wrong because they kept the essence of hornby's wit and humor. they made one of the best films of that year.so why does the american version of "fever pitch" go so painfully awry? the british version wasn't a masterpiece, but it was charming, funny, unexpected and gave us two characters we could like, respect and understand.but ganz and mandel have excised everything funny in hornby's work. in americanizing the story, they've butchered it, removing all that was good and unique about hornby's work and replacing it with conventional drivel.they've transformed a funny story into a formulaic romantic comedy, never once veering from the wretched formula. lindsey (drew barrymore) has three girlfriends, each of whom has a distinct function. one's overweight, the second's cynical and ambitious, and the third's a romantic. want to guess how many male friends ben (jimmy fallon) has?what made "high fidelity" such fun was not only a good leading man and lady, but engaging supporting characters. in this "fever pitch," the six supporting friends do or say nothing especially funny. they're so insignificant, they're not even decorative. the only reason they're in the film is because the formula demands it. poor ione skye winds up as one lindsey's pals in a thankless role. the lovely skye must have been wishing lloyd dobler would swoop in and take her away. come to think of it, cusack would've made an excellent ben. of course, cusack is too smart to attach himself to such an utterly tedious script.there isn't a single, solitary moment in this film that seems original or unforced. every plot turn is predictable, every lame joke telegraphed. ganz and mandel labor for laughs. the first 45 minutes are so excruciatingly slow, you wonder if these chaps realized they were writing a comedy. you can mark the plot turns in this film by your watch. it's almost as if ganz and mandel penned this with some screen writing guru's formula pasted on the wall. when they got to a certain page, they looked up at the formula and said, "ok, the guru says this has to happen now." and, presto!directors bobby and peter farrelly don't help the film any. they have no concept how to introduce their story and characters (they hand over the v.o. narration not to the protagonist, but to another guy who sits behind ben at fenway park). thanks to some extremely clunky writing, we have to watch barrymore and fallon stumble through their unfunny initial meetings.barrymore does cute and adorable better than most. she's as good at it as goldie hawn in her heyday. but even her cuteness can't save this extraordinarily awful film. she tries hard to wring some energy and humor out of this story. about 30 minutes into the film, lindsey tells ben, "you're funny." the only explanation for her remark is that it was in the script. for fallon's ben never says anything even remotely funny. fallon is neither witty nor funny; when he does comedy, he overacts.fallon was never any good on "saturday night live." he was quite possibly the least funny person on that show. remember that lame sketch about a radio dj who did all the voices? the only reason "weekend update" worked occasionally was because fallon's cohort, tina fey, knows a thing or two about comedy.actors who think they're funny and behave that way rarely, if ever, are actually funny. that's true of fallon. he thinks he's hysterically funny when he barely raises a chuckle. his stuttering, unsure-of-himself shtick didn't work on the small screen; it's lousier on the big screen.unfortunately for fallon, his role in this picture also requires a few dramatic moments. if you thought his comedy was bad, wait till you get a load of his dramatic stuff. two scenes in particular - the first in a park, the second in front of ben's school - are painful to watch. the scenes require an actor with a smidgen of dramatic ability, but fallon has neither the knowledge nor the ability to make them work. his range of emotions doesn't even run the gamut from a to b.ben has no personality or depth. often, he comes across as an oaf. and not a lovable one at that. it boggles the mind what lindsey would find attractive about him. compare fallon's performance to firth's in the british version, and you'll understand how terribly flat, unfunny and forced fallon's ben is and how wrong he is for this role. watching fallon in "fever pitch" makes one long for the dramatic depth and comedic nuance of ashton kutcher!just as "high fidelity" did, an americanized "fever pitch" could've worked brilliantly. it just needed better writers, more competent directors and, most definitely, a stronger, funnier, smarter leading man. do yourself a huge favor: avoid this rotten film; rent the 1997 british version and read hornby's book, instead.

when this was released, i thought this was one of the most profane films ever made. however, thanks to martin scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films worse, language-wise, than this....but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears. hey, i can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. in the first six minutes alone, i heard a half-dozen usage's of the lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. i wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? i couldn't have been the only one.not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included jennifer jason-leigh, burt young, jerry orbach and rikki lake. since this film, stephen lang seems to have improved his image, at least playing the godly "stonewall" jackson in "gods and generals." lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.depressing, gloomy, semi-pornographic, repulsive: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even worse in the novel. of course, some of the better-known critics, all extreme libs, praised the movie. however, they were the only ones. most critics were disgusted, as well almost all of the paying public. it's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this.trust me on this: there are no good, likable characters in this entire movie. this is a mean, sick film: one of the worst of the "modern era." that is, unless you enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people. no thanks.

hubert selby jr. gave us the book "requiem for a dream" and co-wrote the screenplay to aronofsky's movie of it. that movie succeeded on every level by delivering an intimate, and unbiased portrait of the horrors of the characters lives and the vices that destroyed them. "last exit to brooklyn" still has the vice and the multiple characters living sad lives, but it hardly does them the same justice aronofsky did.the film seems laughably anti-gay at times. especially when in the film homosexuality equals death. one gay character gets stoned, is launched skyward by a speeding car, and lands dead on the pavement. another is crucified and still more are simply beat up. another exaggerated piece of shock value, that might actually have been compelling if it were done well, are scenes of the union workers literally doing battle with the strike-breakers. who'd have thought a drama about brooklyners would feature action sequences and truck explosions?the director, uli edel has a skill level like that of a tv director, but he is far below the cut for real movies. the film is clunky that can't even seem to settle on a genre. lake is given a useless role that any mannequin could have filled and baldwin only seems to know how to look stupid in his equally meager part. and then comes jennifer jason leigh as our lead, a loathsome hooker named tralala (believe it or not, i'm not joking). her performance is nothing great and the fate of her character is dirty to say the least. poor use of color and composition make it look cheaper than it is, and also takes the "real" edge off the more provocative bits. a failure.

fine performances and art direction do not a good movie make. this movie is so grim and depressing, i could feel absolutely no joy at the "happy" ending involving the union strike. the attempts at humor involving lake's pregnancy are absolutely disastrous, and any movie involving a baldwin brother already has a strike against it. on a positive note, lang is still one of america's great underrated actors, he alone almost makes this worth keeping in the vcr. i give this a 4.

i don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. in last exit to brooklyn they may, but its not in any satisfying way, and i'm not meaning a happy ending, just any ending.last exit to brooklyn, set in 1952 brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. but last exit to brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion...it leaves some of them dangling with no ending, or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an "artistic" ending.two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.a sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. and that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....nothing.in another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. the closing scene to the beating shows the streets of brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of nazi death camps...and the scene drags on and on and on...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....ppppuuuulllleeeeeez. and of course that's it for him too....brain erasure.....gone.bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a depressing piece of sludge. avoid it. and if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an nc-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...don't even let the teenagers watch.

i was drawn to this movie, curious to see how they have adapted hubert shelby's brutal novel. i thought that a literary piece of such depth, with a rich tapestry of characters, horrid situations, and social critique could not translate into a bad movie. i was wrong.this flick is a terrible movie experience, not for its content, but for its form. director ulrich edel executes, in my sincere opinion, a terrible directorial job that does no justice to the original book. no wonder edel is a tv director; this movie looks and feels like a bad "made for tv" flick. some of my views on this bomb (**spoilers ahead**):- lack of directorial creativity. the scenes are slow, feel slow, look poorly shot, and barely ever move from an anchored position. the only liberty they take is in the cinematography area, with a nice dark tone. other than that, the movie has the same technical creativity as a tv soap-opera.- all the actors do a terrific job at portraying these miserable characters. the problem is that the adaptation does not tackle a basic element in the development of the plot: motivation. all these characters move around like robots, without a clear motivation for their action. they seem to do things out of the blue, like robots, for no reason at all. edel misses every opportunity to enrich character development by not exploring the character's motivations, and by avoiding developing each character's personality to its full extent.this lack of character development is blatant on tralala. jennifer jason leight does a great job playing this trashy prostitute, but her alcohol-induced decision to let the sailors violate her is not explained. it looks extremely stupid, as we see this character doing this out of the blue. this is a clear example of poor character development.the movie also has many secondary, token characters that do nothing, feel nothing, and add nothing to the plot. i would have liked to learn more about harry's wife, for instance, and the interaction between the two. that's another missed opportunity.edel only approaches character development with harry and his fixation with his gay lover, only to screw it up at the end, not clearly explaining -again- his motivations. the thugs are also a joke in their lack of development.- the soundtrack is one of the worst i've ever experienced. terrible job by mark knopfler. i seriously expected more from the former leader of dire straits, but his job in this movie is seriously lacking. at times, like in the battle between the union workers and the police, the music seems totally disconnected from the movie. it also feels completely poor and anachronic; i could swear the whole soundtrack was made with a casio toy keyboard. it distracts from the actual action.- the book adaptation by desmond nakano is so literal that eliminates the point of the story. it feels as if they tried so hard to keep the action-by-action storyline in the book, that they forgot to actually develop the characters and, once again, explain their actions and motivations.i seriously can not recommend this movie, not even to a shelby fan, because it can ruin the original book. it's a very uninspired effort in adapting the novel, and shows very little creative input.

i'm sure that operations dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. there's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied. and if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.otherwise there ain't a whole lot that operations dames has going for it. it's set in the korean war where a platoon of gis together with a british tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the un lines. bad enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of uso girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.you know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the army and in combat situations. these bimbos from the uso set women's liberation back light years. in fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.but that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. this no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort.operations dames is definitely a team flop.

relentlessly stupid, no-budget "war picture" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular eve meyer--not a bad idea in itself--but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. laughable "script", performances that wouldn't pass muster in an elementary-school christmas pageant, inept "action" scenes, confused direction by the normally competent documentary director louis clyde stoumen--who is apparently not quite sure if he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering t&a (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of eve meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence. worth seeing in order to watch eve meyer strut her stuff, but that's pretty much it.

i watched this movie recently together with my sister who likes the performances of sophia loren. i'm a person who they call a cultural barbarian. i hate art in any kind of shape or form. rambo is more my kind of movie, action, kills, blood, horror. if you recognize yourself in this avoid this movie like the plague. no one dies, no action, no nudity, nothing of the kind. let me give you a résumé in a few sentences. it starts out with 5 minutes in black and white nazi propaganda. every italian in a housing block attends a parade in honor of hitler, except for a housewife, an anti fascist and a caretaker. the housewife who is cheated by her husband, meets the anti fascist. she falls in love with him, wants to make love to him, but the anti fascist is gay. despite of this they make love with each other. at the end of the day, the housewife reads a book from her gay lover, and the guy himself is deported by agents. the end. you want an even shorter résumé? boring... that short enough? the guy should have used his gun in the beginning of this movie and shoot himself, to save the audience from this atrocity. on a side note my sister loved this movie. like i said, i'm a cultural barbarian...

good lord, whoever made this turkey needs to be buried alive. i'm sorry, but the other reviewer must not have seen this movie, he must be watching something else, or have never seen a movie before... 9 out of ten stars? he's saying what, this is as good as ben hur or gone with the wind? unintentionally funny, massively unbelievable characters, absurd situations, looks like it was shot in griffith park (which works out pretty well--mash was shot in griffith park), crappy script, just about everything that could possibly be wrong with a movie all rolled into one package. should be required viewing for all prospective film makers as an example of how a movie could be horribly wrong. it reminds me of something a usc student may make for a film class. give this one a pass unless you do drugs and are into high camp.

i don't think i'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie i've ever seen. i've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: "the longest day," "to hell and back," "bridge on the river kwai," (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters and great acting. i've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. the plot, however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. it's kind of like a traffic accident, though, i couldn't seem to turn it off! a movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. "twelve angry men" and "lifeboat" to be good... so budget is no excuse. what were they thinking?

i love alec guinness. and that's saying a lot after this film. actually, he is not bad in it. he just seems to stand aside, be urbane and his usual delightful self, but invest nada. it is obvious the girl he is matched with is a featherweight, even as an inexperienced young french girl. sir alec wouldn't have chosen her when he was young and very obviously isn't too happy about it now.the interesting character is the brooding brother of the odd "suzanne", another twit. "donald" aspires to be a french heathcliffe and i waited in vain for the source of his mystery. what deep dark secret was he hiding behind that forehead? was he in love with the father's mistress? why did he jerk suzanne's hair when she plotted to bring the disparate parts of this turkey together on the country estate? or perhaps he had simply had enough of her obnoxious acting.the film would have been charming with guiness and the "older woman" reminiscing and seeing paris together. that would have been a great story! two lovely experienced people in a beautiful city after the destruction of world war ii. why didn't somebody come up with that? i suggest watching alec guiness in "the card", a little known but worthwhile film.

in a recent biography of alec guinness i couldn't find too much about to paris with love. i'm sure guinness did the film to get a free trip to paris out of it. the film has no other reason for existence.paris of course is nicely photographed with that wonderful opening of guinness and his son driving down the champs elysee with the arc de triomphe in the background. unfortunately it goes downhill from there.there is just no chemistry at all between guinness and the young girl who he has a brief fling with in paris. according to the recent biography of guinness by piers paul read, guinness positively disliked the girl, found her conduct unprofessional. as to what odile vernois thought of her co-star, no record is available. they have as much chemistry as two neutered cats.guinness does have a good moment in the film which was straight from one of his ealing comedies as he climbs a tree trying to retrieve a badminton shuttlecock. but i wouldn't wait through the film for it.at least alec got a trip to paris out of the deal.

warning! small plot details revealed!i can find virtually nothing positive to say about this film. it is written so badly that every character is a caricature, yet it seems to take itself seriously. it is poorly cast, especially ralph macchio (all baby-faced, 5-foot-nothing of him) as a streetwise tough. plot elements are all drawn in black and white, with every situation almost immediately escalating to some extreme climax.most egregious of all (plot element about to be revealed) it has perhaps the most gratuitous and contrived nude scene in the history of semi-serious film. one can just imagine the filmmakers saying, "we need jobeth to shed her top...hmmm...i've got it!...early in the film, let's give nick some ridiculous dialogue about baring yourself in the hallways...then jobeth can use that line on him later and really bare herself in the hallway...yeah, that's the ticket!"i will give the producers credit for tackling a weighty subject in 1984, one that proved all too weighty in the late 90's with events like columbine. however, the execution is dreadful. this film could have been a dark comedy in the vein of "heathers", a campy political statement like "network" or a serious examination like "brubaker". instead, it tries to be all of these things -- and ends up being none of these things. "teachers" get an f.

though i never like to be the sort of person who negates another's personal taste; if you like something, that's fine. but, this movie was horrible and there is no way around it. i don't like ani difranco too much, but she's a great guitarist and songwriter, that i can admit. but i can't admit to there being any redeeming qualities to this film. many people way that it is an accurate portrayal of issues that high school students face. maybe, but everything is portrayed too far-fetched. there seems to be an attempt at a "naked gun" - esque kind of comedy, but the timing is off; there is too much space between each actors line, as if they're holding for laughter (there wasn't any). whoever wrote the script was all over the place. they tried to cram as many controversial issues together in one film, almost never fully developing any of them (especially the girl getting impregnated by a teacher). i did not laugh once throughout this entire movie. i was too insulted by this attempt at humor and satire to do anything but roll my eyes at the screen.

this movie sucks. ridiculous "school" athmosphere, unbelievable students that are very bad and behave like criminals but then later after the "good teacher" nick nolte taught them they became as good and as quiet as kittens.if this works for you, it doesn't for me. 0 out of 10

as an ex-teacher(!) i must confess to cringing through many scenes - 'though i continued to watch to the end. i wonder why?! (boredom, perhaps?) :-)the initial opening scenes struck me as incredibly mish-mashed and unfocussed. the plot, too, although there were some good ideas - the plight of a relief teacher, for example - were not concentrated enough in any one direction for 3-d development.not one of mr nolte's finer moments. as to young mr macchio, does he speak that way in *every* movie?plot and acting complaints aside, the hair-styles alone were a nostalgic (if nauseating) trip.

i joined this site to see what comments people would make about this absolute disaster of a film. i wasn't drawn in for even a second. the characters were all one-dimensional. they threw every topic they could think of hoping something would stick. i would bet (and hope) that everyone involved in teachers looks back with embarrassment. there are some great actors here but you would never know it. thank god it didn't destroy morgan freeman's or judd hirsh's or nick nolte's or laura dern's careers. there was no vision, no labor of love here, only a horrible effort gone wrong. btw i don't think the writer ever set foot in a real school.

people who actually liked problem child (1990) need to have their heads examined. who would take the idea of watching a malevolent little boy wreak havoc on others and deem it funny? the movie is not funny, ever, in any way, beginning to end. it wants to be a cartoon, but the writers don't realize that slapstick isn't funny when people get attacked by bears, or hit with baseball bats. it may be funny in cartoons, but not in a motion picture.the film's young hero is junior (michael oliver) who, since he was a baby, has been placed at the front doors of foster parents for adoption. the families reject him, because junior tends to give them a hard time.he is then thrown into an orphanage, where he terrorizes the nuns, and writes pen pal letters to the convicted bow-tie killer (michael richards). he is soon adopted by ben and flo healy (the late john ritter and his wife, amy yasbeck), who are dying to have a child, in order to be just like every other parent in their neighborhood.junior becomes a member of the healy household, and "little" ben takes an interest in him, despite the fact that he destroys a camping trip by luring a bear onto the site, or throws a cat at his father "big" ben (jack warden), a bigoted politician.i think that we're supposed to care for junior so that we can root for him when he gets his revenge on people. his new mother, flo, is a bitch, his grandfather is completely selfish, and one little girl--who despises adopted kids--is such a spoiled brat.but what junior does to get the last laughs isn't funny- -it's mean, cruel, and sometimes life-threatening.and what is the film's message? that kids should resolve problems with violence and vandalism? that they should seek friendship by writing to convicted killers? they definitely don't what it's like to be a bad kid. junior isn't a one--he's just a sadistic, little twerp. there used to be a time when it was bad for kids to beat up others. now, everybody's laughing when junior beats up kids with a baseball bat.it's a shame that this movie has been marketed as a "family comedy." what's worse is that problem child is rated pg. what was the mpaa thinking when they saw this? there's a lot of profanity and mean-spirited pranks here, that one may wonder about the dividing between the pg and the pg-13.kids will enjoy this, but parents will be shocked at what is being depicted on screen. and to most people, problem child will be considered a "guilty pleasure" classic; a film that someone will shamefacedly admit to liking, even though the prevailing opinion, as put forth by more serious viewers, is that the movie is a piece of crap.

