**spoilers contained**i'd heard from various sources that this film was controversial and that the ending in particular was horrific. what i didn't expect was the complete change in tack with about twenty minutes to go. what starts off as a typical cowboy/indian western suddenly descends into a very dull romantic 'comedy' about honus (soldier blue of the title played by peter strauss) and cresta (candice bergen) who escape an onslaught of the cavalry by the cheyenne. the majority of the film then focuses on these two mismatched people hence the romantic comedy bit. donald pleasance then turns up and abducts them both for no real apparent reason. they then escape and both turn up (separately) at the cavalry base on the eve of an attack on the cheyenne base. as cresta used to be married to one of the cheyenne chiefs she escapes the cavalry base and joins up with them. so far so ordinary. then comes the ending. after enduring well over an hour of poor acting involving a cliched will they/won't they get together storyline, the movie then transforms into over the top exploitation involving among other things a decapitation and a child being shot in the back of the head. similarities can be drawn with the wild bunch at this point of the film but the wild bunch kept the same tone throughout and didn't resort to extreme gratuitous violence. in some ways, soldier blue reminds me of frank perry's last summer which also completely changed tack for a shock ending. i didn't hate soldier blue nor find the ending particularly disturbing but just found it to be pretty dull with an unnecessarily violent ending. if you want to see a film with a truly disturbing slaughter of the innocents, i would recommend elem klimov's come and see.

soldier blue is a movie with pretensions: pretensions to be some sort of profound statement on man's inhumanity to man, on the white man's exploitation of and brutality towards indigenous peoples; a biting, unflinching and sardonic commentary on the horrors of vietnam. well, sorry, but it fails miserably to be any of those things. what soldier blue actually is is pernicious, trite, badly made, dishonest rubbish.another reviewer here hit the nail on the head in saying that it appears to be a hybrid of two entirely different movies. what it is basically is a lame, clichéd, poorly acted "odd couple" romance - strauss and bergen overcoming their prejudices about the other's lifestyle and falling in love (ah, bless) - bookended by two sickening massacres which wouldn't have been out of place in a lucio fulci splatter flick.there is no excuse for the repulsive, prurient, gore-drenched climax, in which cute little native american children are variously shot, sliced, dismembered and impaled in loving and graphic close-up, and large-breasted native american women are molested, raped and strung up - no excuse, that is, except box office. (the massacre itself, whilst repulsive in its misplaced intention, is very badly staged and shot; a bunch of actors lying around with bright red paint smeared on them, intercut with a few special-effects sequences of beheading/dismemberment - dismemberments, incidentally, which utilised real amputees in their filming. now that's what i call exploitation.)forget all the pap you've heard (including the ludicrous commentaries that begin and end the movie) about this being a "protest", an indictment of american brutality towards the native peoples. this film doesn't give a stuff about the plight of the cheyenne; had it done so it would have featured some involving native american characters, would have led us to get to know and to care about the nameless, faceless innocents who get slaughtered at the climax. instead what we get is the silly white bread romance of bergen and strauss (lousy actors both, in this at least), with plenty of blood, guts and severed heads thrown in to attract the curious.which is a terrible shame, because there is a movie to be made about the sand creek massacre, about all of the real life massacres the us (and britain, and all so-called "civilised" nations) have participated in over the centuries (iraq?). this just isn't that movie.

first of all, this film can be divided into three segments. a promising opening, with the ambushing of some cavalry by the cheyenne. this is followed by what can only be described as a long boring middle section, with the totally miscast candice bergen and "soldier blue" traveling together to reach the safety of an army garrison. miss bergen spews forth inappropriate four letter words every time she opens her mouth, and looks like she just walked out of a 1970s jack nicholson movie. i mean she maintains zero interest, with zero believability. the third and final section involves the totally gratuitous slaughter of an indian village. this is so obviously overdone to lay on the anti-war propaganda, that it comes across as simply long, outrageous, and contrived. not recommended. - merk................................ jacobe (comment above) here's an idea. why don't you actually watch the movie you are commenting on, instead of chirping your liberal nonsense. this is not a political site, it is for reviewing films. - merk

this is quite possibly the most retarded 80's slasher ever realized, but how can you be harsh on a film that features non-stop images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exhilarating bodies doing aerobic exercises, taking showers and wandering about in tight gym outfits? prior to being a horror film, "aerobicide" is a 90 minutes promo video to encourage the use of steroids, silicons and other body-stimulating fitness products. if you'd leave out all the footage of hunky boys lifting weights and yummy girls wiggling their butts and racks to insufferable 80's tunes, there probably only have about 15 minutes of story left. plenty of time to improvise a plot about a sadist killer slaughtering young health-freaks with a big safety pin (yeah…). the film opens with an unintentionally hilarious scene of a girl getting fried between an electric sun-bathing device. several years later people turn up dead in the same spa. you don't really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to figure out there's a link between the murders and the burning incident, now do you? investigating the case are a seemingly braindead police officer (and charles napier look-alike!) and a beefcake private detective who gets lucky with the bustiest 80's beauty i've ever seen! looking through the credits, her name's dianne copeland apparently, and she didn't do anything else apart from this turkey and an imbecile troma-movie called "surf nazis must die". what a wasted opportunity! she may not have been a great actress, but she sure had two other big advantages that would help her move upwards in show business. the amount of gore and the quality of the make-up effects are nothing special, neither. we're treated to a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh. the plot twists near the end are ridiculous and predictable, but by that time nobody is taking the film seriously anymore, anyway. "aerobicide" (a.k.a. "killer workout") is recommended in case you want to switch of all your brain functions off for one night, but nevertheless feel like watching a film! it actually would make a terrific double-feature with "death spa". both films have a lot of sexy and scarcely dressed babes … and both films are pretty dumb.

what can i say. a kamal hassan movie being horrible. he acts very well, but it is a horrible story, along with horrible direction. in my kind opinion, the director gautham menon must give up directing. there is a lot of tragedy throughout the movie. apart from that, one can just not believe how true were those horrendous crimes. there was no practicality in the movie. gautham is just running out of stories. but both kamal hassan and jyothika act really well. the villains look too ugly, though their performance was not bad. i do not think this is a sunday afternoon movie like padayappa which you can see with the family. you will not get sleep seeing this movie!! however, harris jayaraj again did a great job, and that is why i have given this movie 4 out of 10. his song 'partha modail nallae' is soulful and soothing. apart from that, great cinematography. on the whole, this is just a bad, bad movie. kamal hassan, i think, should have rejected this movie.

i had a lot of hopes for this movie and so watched it with a lot of expectations; basically because of kamal hassan. he is an amazing actor who has marked his foot steps in the sands of time forever. but this movie proved to be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. after watching this the movie the brutality and violence in tenebra and clockwork orange looks far better. the protagonist, raghavan, is a very daring police officer. who is assigned to a investigate brutal serial murders. raghavan efficiently finds the connecting thread in this case and is close to solve the murders and put the psycho killers, two psychologically disturbed but brilliant medical students, behind bars but they escape and again get into a killing spree. finally raghavan kills them both after sparing many innocent lives.these two psycho-killers are the ones who are going to keep the audiences from going to the theaters. the murders and sexual harassments and rapes are shown very explicitly, which the movie could have survived without. to even imagine that teenagers and kids are going to be watching this movie in the theater and kind of picture it is bound to paint in their minds are certainly not pretty. the director, gautham, should realize that he also has some obligation to the society and his audience.certainly i am never going to the movies looking like gautham's name on the production list.

on the way back from imc6 (san jose, california), all five (mind you, three of us hardcore kamal fans) of us had reached a unanimous verdict; vv was solid crap and thanks to the movie we were going to have a pretty screwed up monday. not to mention, we swore to stay off the theatres for the next year.i won't blame kamal here because he sort of dropped a hint in a recent interview with cartoonist madan (on vijay tv). he said something like, "tamizh cinema'la photography, editing'la namba munnera'na maadri screenplay, direction, acting'la innum namba munnera'la" (tamil cinema has grown in terms of photography and editing, but we have hardly improved, when it comes to screenplay, direction and acting"). while you're watching vv, those words ring very true.now, here are the 10 reasons to hate this movie:1. harris jeyaraj2. harris jeyaraj3. harris jeyaraj i'm barely holding myself from using expletives here, but fact is hj has mastered the fine knack of screwing up every recent movie of his (remember 'anniyan', 'ghajini') with the jarring cacophony, he bills as background music. the next time i have an eardrum transplant, he's paying for it. 4. songs neither do the songs help move the movie's narration spatially/temporally nor do they make you sit up and take notice. the film feels like it's made of four very long songs with a few scenes thrown in between them.5. a short gone too far. vv at best is fit to be a short story, not a 2 hour plus "thriller". to use a cliché here, like the energizer bunny it goes on and on and on; only in this case you don't want it to. the later part of a movie feels like a big drag.6. kamal-jothika pairing two ice cubes rubbed together could've produced more sparks than this lead pairing. there's no reason you would root for them to make it together. in fact every time they get together in the second half of the movie, they make a good irritant to the narration. hate to say this, but kamalini mukerjhee's 10 minute romancing does more than what kamal and jothika achieve in this movie plus 'thenali'.7. kamal haasan's accent kamal has this pretentious accent that nobody speaks either in india or in the us; and it isn't new either. he's been doing it since 'thoongadae thambi thoongadae'. it's simply gets on the nerve. imagine what havoc it can cause when his flair for using this strange accent meets shooting on location in the us. he doesn't leave it at the immigration either, he offers doses of advice to his men (bewildered tn cops from keeranor, sathoor and beyond) in chaste kamanglish ("wha we hav here is plain bad police wok"), of course with nauseating effect.8. logic there are a few directors whom you expect to stand up to a certain scale. gautam fails us badly with some crappy performance in the department of common sense. which d.c.p in his senses would meet his love interest on the streets to discuss such matters as committing himself and life after! the scene inside the theatre was so bad, towards the climax; we could hear people behind us loudly challenge the hero's iq. "is he stupid, can't he just use his siren or lights?" (on a busy madras road, kamal-the-cop-on-a-police-jeep chases a guy on a bike just like any ordinary dude!). "can't he just use his gun?" ("the guy on a bike" starts on foot and we have a fully geared kamal in hot pursuit for a considerable amount of time). i'm not voting in favour of the later, but i'm just trying to explain the mood inside.9. gore & violence if i wanted to watch women being raped, their throats getting slashed, more women getting raped and thrown into the bushes with excruciating authenticity, i would sit at home and rather watch a "police report" or "kuttram". the use of excessive violence should go in a way to extend the story, not overwhelm it! somewhere down the line gautum seems confused about what the extensions (rapes, murders) are and what the mainstay (story) is!10. even a double shot espresso couldn't get the pain out of the head.

filmatography: excellent, nice camera angles (i don't remember seeing a movie of late, with good close-ups, until this one). could have avoided gruesome scenes with a soft camera. ny is pictured good.i liked the upside down angles, in particular (a different touch).music: not impressive. songs don't stick around in your mind even after watching the movie. may be, i expected same quality like "anniyan". a disappointment. actors: kamal needs to slowly pull away from hard-core action sequences. his age and belly really show up. also, he should avoid close romantic sequences going forward. it was a very awkward to see a mature/aged star still trying to play like a 20+ heroes scenes. love can be expressed at any age; as we get older, you still can express love nicely from a distance (without touching a woman too much. for example, the love expressed by rajinikanth in "chandrmukhi").jyotika just appears for the namesake in the movie. not sure why she accepted this. well, that is not my problem, i guess.others just have a small presence.direction: i expected gautham to excel (or measure-up) to his other movie "kakka kakka". he disappointmented me. it took a long time to release the movie due to various issues. he slips in few scenes. even abvious things got slipped from a famous director.overall: just a okay movie. too much graphics. definitely not for kids (and adults who expect some kind of "entertainment").thx

i pity people calling kamal hassan 'ulaganaayakan' maybe for them ulagam is tollywood ! comeon guys..this movie is a thriller without thrill..come out of your ulagam and just watch some high class thrillers like the usual suspects or even the silence of the lambs.technically good but style over substance kamal doesn't look like a police officer, there is no thrill whatsoever dragging and boring till end you might be saving 3 valuable hrs of your life if u skip watching this movie.kamal at his best is the best in tollywood

it's "the f.b.i." starring reed hadley, with an all-star guest cast! the film begins with an accidental (convenient?) kidnapping, which leads to one thing, and another - which doesn't really indicate the main story, which is a "big house, u.s.a." prison break story. the story is very improbable, to say the least. it's like a tv show, only more "violent" (for the times).but - the cast is a trip! picture this: ralph meeker is sent to prison; his cell-mates are the following criminals: broderick crawford, lon chaney jr., charles bronson (reading a "muscle" magazine!), and william talman (reading a "detective" magazine!). honest! you should know that, an early scene reveals what happens to the "missing" boy, answering the ending "voiceover." if you don't want to have that hanging, don't miss the opening scenes between the "iceman" and the boy (peter votrian doing well as a runaway asthmatic). *** big house, u.s.a. (1955) howard w. koch ~ broderick crawford, ralph meeker, reed hadley

i am definitely a burt reynolds fan, but sorry, this one really stinks. most of the dialogue is laughable and the only interesting plot twist is in the last five minutes of the movie. i can't believe he even made this one. is he actually that hard up for money?

the movie was not a waste except for some boring scenes in between.but the women cast gave a pretty good show than the males who were laughable. but krista allen really rocked in the movie .her voice was so seducing and sexy.the scenes in the bed involving krista should have shortened but she made it so watchable and sexier than any one could do.krista really is one of the best in such roles.she also enacted quiet well as the baddie in the last 5 minutes,which is the interesting part of the movie.burt reynolds was not that good and this was not his best as an action star.he could have chosen a better script than this.ireally think he did for money.

i get it the diehl character is s'posed to be a microcosm of america itself - seeing arab terrorists under every rock, only to find out at the end that it's his own actions all along that got him into that siege state and truly if he practices good-will to all men everything will be rainbows and lollipops. sorry wim you have made amazing movies in the past that stay neutral of the politics and for good reason, polemics are your weak point and they weaken this a well-made, amazingly filmed movie with absurd characters, dialog and plotting. better luck on your next flick. another thing that yanked my crank was the belabored point of the homeless section of la being there for reasons of hunger, these people don't get enough to eat. truly these folks aren't eating regally but the real hunger these folks is a spiritual hunger, an emotional hunger, a mental hunger. they need self-respect, self-worth, dignity which you can't give a man. yeah those folks are hungry and if they need it it is available. less the center for hunger in america, i would say it's more the center for alcoholism, drug-abuse, mental suffering and economic devastation. dealing with hunger although a noble endeavor is band-aiding a more profoundly systematic societal and age-old human problem of homelessness. bill diehl was good though and michelle williams was cute as the young yet (cliched) old soul.

this is an interesting left turn for reel 13 indies. two harbors is a b&w 75 minute film from minnesota that features non-actors and is about two people finding a connection through a search for alien life. i applaud the boldness of the reel 13 programmers of thinking out-of-the-box when selecting this film. i just wish they had picked a stronger film to be bold with. as a matter of fact, i wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself (not that two harbors is completely without merit, but i'll get to that a little later). as is common with independent films, two harbors is limited in terms of location. there are only two real locations – a large junk dealership market and a very teeny trailer, which is the home of the middle-aged main character, vic, played by alex cole. writer/director james vculek uses the market setting to provide exposition about vic, who is one of the dealers there. he has various people walk up to vic and start very long conversations that provides us with just two pieces of information – vic sells space toys (he prefers to call them "outer space action figures") and he is a caustic asshole. this is emblematic of one of the two key problems with two harbors - all the chatting. i've said it before and i'll say it again – we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers need to work harder to tell their stories visually. there are exceptions, of course, but generally, endless patter is not so engaging on film – particularly if the dialogue is being used as exposition. pretty much all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose. a notable example would be a few scenes which feature vic trying to play himself off as a boy scout leader in order to get a discount at a store. he argues with the clerk back and forth and these scenes don't even advance the plot one iota. this is the kind of thing that makes even a 75 minute film feel long.the other problem with two harbors is the acting. i may be a bit of a curmudgeon when it comes to performance in film, but i really don't feel like there's a good excuse for not having good actors in your films. there are plenty of good actors out there, many of which willing to work on low-budget projects – even in minnesota. many filmmakers eschew the importance of acting ability as being secondary to their visuals, but that is naïve. in narrative film-making, next to the story, nothing is more important than the acting/performances. if you don't believe the people enacting your story, your audience is lost.originally, i thought vculek was using non-actors, but as the film went on, i decided that they were probably community theater-type actors. it wasn't that they were uncomfortable on camera. it's that they were overly theatrical (i.e. big). granted, the best of the actors were the two leads – cole and catherine e. johnson as cassie, a lonely young girl that gets caught up in vic's extra-terrestrial hunt. they seemed to have the most training, but they were still a little rough around the edges. the eccentricities they displayed seemed to be surface only - not coming from a real, organic place within. ms. johnson, in particular, is an interesting case. she definitely has a presence – a midwestern charm about her, but that charisma belies the multitude of issues her character is supposed to have. she struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that stem from a supposed life of solitude and (slave?) labor, relying on stock gestures like eye rolls, lip biting and stammering to suggest her discomfort with the outside world.i mentioned in the first paragraph that two harbors is not completely without merit and here's what i mean. without giving too much away, there is a fade to white an hour into the film. after that, the story takes a stunning turn, which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and downright powerful – it's like a sucker punch to the gut, but in a good way. it's almost a huge relief to feel something after so long with these characters. the last five minutes of the film don't have any dialogue at all and the result is the best part of the film – subtle, detailed (cole does his best work of the film) and most importantly, cinematic. then, with the closing credits comes the most staggering revelation of all – that it's based on a true story, which got me to thinking. with all the dialogue, the minimal locations and the lack of cinematic qualities, it occurred to me that with two kick ass actors and a tightening re-write, two harbors might make a really kick-ass stage play – maybe even a one-act. if there are any bold theater producers out there reading this, i definitely recommend seeing if you can get a hold of the film and contact the filmmaker, reel 13 or whomever. there might be something to this story after all…(for more information on this or any other reel 13 film, check out their website at www.reel13.org)

i think i found the most misogynistic film of all time: darklight.the gist of the film- lilith was adam's first wife and she was considered imperfect and banished from the garden of eden because she considered herself adam's equal and refused to submit to him. see, i took those words straight from the script. then the film keeps going on and though she is the heroine of the film, the only time that she becomes acceptable is when she does what the men tell her to do! she ends the film under the control of the faith- an all male group!other than that the script was predictable and the fx were awful. apart from the obvious hatred of females that is usually a lot more subtle in modern film, there was nothing original about darklight.

what is interesting is that the acting; was not bad, just not enough. it was rather lame., special effects nor the lines were the single culprit for this failure. standing alone they weren't horribly bad, but put together was a tragic move. the show seemed long winded and slow with special effects apparently designed to speed the movie along, but it failed totally.much of the blame for this disaster was put on special effects.don't believe it, they were kinda cool. appleby was not the best choice for this endeavor. though she may have been all they had to chose from with a bit of fan recogniton. an experienced actress would have brought something to the part, like appleby never did. scfi puts out some really good original movies, it's just too bad that this failed so drastically.

i sat glued to the screen, riveted, yawning, yet keeping an attentive eye. i waited for the next awful special effect, or the next ridiculously clichéd plot item to show up full force, so i could learn how not to make a movie.it seems when they set out to make this movie, the crew watched every single other action/science-fiction/shoot-em-up/good vs. evil movie ever made, and saw cool things and said: "hey, we can do that." for example, the only car parked within a mile on what seems like a one way road with a shoulder not meant for parking, is the one car the protagonist, an attractive brunette born of bile, is thrown on to. the car blows to pieces before she even lands on it. the special effects were quite obviously my biggest beef with this movie. but what really put it in my bad books was the implausibility, and lack of reason for so many elements! for example, the antagonist, a flying demon with the ability to inflict harm in bizarre ways, happens upon a lone army truck transporting an important vip. nameless security guys with guns get out of the truck, you know they are already dead. then the guy protecting the vip says "under no circumstances do you leave this truck, do you understand me?" he gets out to find the beast that killed his 3 buddies, he gets whacked in an almost comically cliché fashion. then for no apparent reason, defying logic, convention, and common sense, the dumb ass vip gets out of the truck!!! a lot of what happened along the course of the movie didn't make sense. transparent acting distanced me from the movie, as well as bad camera-work, and things that just make you go: "wow, that's incredibly cheesy." shiri appleby saved the movie from a 1, because she gave the movie the one element that always makes viewers enjoy the experience, sex appeal.

***spoilers*** with a gathering of family members and servants of the late christopher dean, john carradine, to hear his last will and testament they get somewhat of a surprise in that the dean fortune, some 140 million dollars. the money is to be divided between them but only after they successfully spend a week at the dean mansion. there seemed to have been a mix-up in the story when we later find out that it's really an overnight sleepover, not a weeks vacation, at the mansion for the guests to qualify for dean's money since almost everyone ends up dead by sunrise.the first victim of the dean curse have nothing at all to do with getting and money from the departed christopher dean estate the local sheriff dan garcia, rodolfo acosta. acosta has his head chopped off refrigerated and then served on a platter to a shocked group of guests. later that evening cute little chin greg and laura's,jeff morrow & marry anders,little pet pooch is found dead outside floating in the pond.the movie has all the people staying at the dean mansion being picked off one by one until it's revealed who the killer really is. we then have what seems to be a double-twist in the story where the original killer is suddenly killed together with two of the last remaining guest. the real killer ends up not only getting all the loot, 140 million dollars, but then ends up not having to split it with his accomplice by doing him, or her, in by giving him a poisonous cookie that kills him on the spot.nonsensical who done it, and haunted house, movie with a cast of such immoral and unlikable characters that even a mother, much less the audience, would have trouble liking. there's everything you can possibly think of in the move involving the selective guests that includes incest s&m sadism and of course double-dealing and back-stabbing not even counting murder. you just couldn't care less who of the guests survives to collect the dean fortune at the end of the movie hoping against all hope then none of them do.even the big surprise at the end isn't really that much of a surprise since the killer's identity is divulged with the film-maker having forgotten to keep his face in the shadows so you actual see who he is even before he reveals himself! we then have a plot-twist that eliminates the killer together with a number of remaining guest just to make the movie a little more confusing then it already is. the final plot-twist, that you can see coming from as far as ten miles away, was just to show how smart the very obvious killer was which fooled almost nobody watching the movie.

ridiculous horror film about a wealthy man (john carradine) dying and leaving everything to his four children, and his servants to be divided up equally. one condition--they must spend one week in his estate to get the money. and if any of them die, the others get more. guess what happens next.... i saw a brand new print of this film on cable. the colors were bright and vivid and the house itself looks beautiful. that's about all the good things i can say about it.let's list just some of the problems this film has: the killer is screamingly obvious; the servants are called igor and elga--come on!; some of the sound recording was so bad i couldn't make out the dialogue (no great loss i'm sure); the gore was sparse and very poorly done; the other murders were simply boring, stupid or impossible and this movie contains some truly abominable acting--so bad you just stare at the screen in disbelief. even pro jeff morrow was terrible! the only fairly good acting was from trouper faith domergue (who deserved better than this) and john carradine (who looks painfully old and frail here). i do have to admit though--the closing line in this movie is a gem!why this was renamed "legacy of blood" is beyond me--there's another 1978 horror film with that name!whatever its name is, it's a bad movie. to be avoided at all costs.

this hamlet made for one of the boringest mst3000 episodes ever. i am not a shakespear fan, but i do not believe he ever intended his works to be this slow paced and drab. it is also one of the hardest movies to find because there are so many hamlets listed. like i said though this one is quite boring. it is in black and white, the pacing is slow, and there is minimal scenery. the actors are all dubbed too so that doesn't help. this is the one mst 3000 i can't watch in one sitting cause the way the guy playing hamlet says his lines can put anyone to sleep.

you all know the story of "hamlet". i do.  well, the "to be or not to be" phrase (not the speech itself) has been beaten into the ground so many times that it's not very interesting (in fact, it wasn't that great to begin with). in fact, i find "hamlet" a good but vastly overrated play. it's not even shakespeare's best: "julius caesar" and "romeo & juliet" are ten times better, with "a midsummer night's dream" and "othello" not too far behind. "macbeth (knock your table, off his drawers, puck will make amends, ow!)" isn't that bad either. there are lots of others that are better than this by shakespeare. i won't really comment too much on the movie, rather i will dissect the utterly horrible mst3k episode. okay . . . mike and the bots win a card game, get to pick the movie . . . they ask for "hamlet", pearl sends them this, yadda yadda yadda . . . and prepare for the most boring sci-fi episode of mst3k ever (admittedly, i haven't seen any of the cc ones). while "blood waters of dr. z" makes the viewing of that episode horrible, since it is not really a movie, rather random, spliced-together scenes (i'm reminded of mike's line from "future war": "maybe this is an anthology of short, plotless movies"), the sol crew a lot got off a good many good cracks. can't say the same for here. the riffs fall flat, the host segments (par usual) are at best mediocre, and when the movie itself (which isn't that bad) is actually better (i mean, as a quality movie, not as camp, like "prince of space") than the mst3k version of it, you know the show must be bad. i laughed (the last time i saw it was several months ago), oh, maybe eight or nine times throughout. i tried and tried and tried to be entertained - but i just couldn't. only the occasional line, like "hail queen dilbert's boss!" (and when that's the funniest line of the episode, well, ahem) - and by occasional, i mean every ten minutes or so - maybe me even chuckle. the second time i tried to watch it, i didn't even laugh at the few jokes i'd found funny before, and simply gave up forty minutes before. the movie isn't horrible; it's just a german version of hamlet. the actors are good enough, and though the dubbing isn't the greatest, that's not in itself a reason to hate this film.  four stars for "hamlet"; three, yes three for the mst3k version. ps: why why why, mst3k!

ming the merciless does a little bardwork and a movie most foul!

i literally fell asleep 3 times watching this movie. granted, it's shakespeare and that takes a certain mindset to be interested or not. but this movie exceeds any barrier of long soliloquies and what not, that may prevent many from just not caring about a shakespeare based story.the largest roadblock to this production is the complete flatness of the characters. often during character's interacting, it's nearly difficult to distinguish who's lines are who's. granted, i believe this movie is dubbed in english. certainly they could've obtained voice actors which could've added a bit more drama to these classic, literary lines.it would be difficult to rate this movie greater than 1, although perhaps that's based on prejudices of perhaps age and what would seem a very low budget. still, it's absolutely painful and boring. if you insist on hamlet, do yourself a favor and read the book again. 1/10

poor will would be rolling over in his grave if he could this this horiible german-tv adaptaion of his classic play. it's obvious that very little money was spent on it. a stage riser, a catwalk and some randomly placed columns pass off as a set. the movie was ineptly dubbed into english, with the english voice actors occasionally mumbling their lines. the whole production had an incredibly dark and dreary feel to it. and just where was fonterbras in this movie anyway? mst3k gave this sorry production the treatment it justly deserved.to be or not to be? i wish this movie never was in the first place.

i'm a fan of both shakespeare and mst3k, so i waited anxiously to see this episode. i'll comment on the movie first, then the mst3k episode. the recipe for this movie: take talented actors, rich and beautiful shakespeare material, and a $1.25 budget. mix well, then drain of all life and movement, until dull and lifeless. serve cold in a big, plain stone cauldron. movie, i give 3 out of 10, because the actors at least deserve a little bit of credit. okay, now the mst3k episode. i'll admit it, the first time i saw it, i fell asleep halfway through. i understand that was the reaction of several other veiwers as well. however, when i watched it a second time, i realized that there was a whole host of intelligent references and good lines i missed the first time around. the trick with this episode is: listen carefully! it takes a couple of viewings to catch each line. give it a second chance, and you'll see what i mean. mst3k episode: 7 1/2 out of 10.

note to george litman, and others: the mystery science theater 3000 riff is "i don't think so, *breeder*".my favorite riff is "why were you looking at his 'like'?", simply for the complete absurdity. that, and "right well did not!" over all, i would say we must give credit to the mst3k crew for trying to ridicule this tv movie. you really can't make much fun of the dialog; bill s was a good playwright. on the other hand, this production is so bad that even he would disown it. a junior high school drama club could do better.i would recommend that you buy a book and read 'hamlet'.

alas, poor hamlet. i knew him, dear reader, and let me tell thee, this version sucks! i don't know who of all people put up the money for this flotsam, but i hope that they're proud of themselves. they took the classic play and turned it into the most boring melodrama imaginable. this version is quite literally so bad, that not even the presence of a great thespian like maximilian schell in the title role can save it. this movie's only redeeming quality is that it made great fodder for "mst3k"; mike, servo and crow had a lot of fun with this one.but either way, i'm sure that shakespeare, had he been alive when they made this, would not have wanted his name associated with it. this "hamlet" is not even so bad that's it good; it's just plain bad. absolutely dreadful.

yay!... i think. it's hard to say. it's hard to have an emotion about a movie that has no emotion. this movie is as sterile as a surgeon's scalpel. for a setting, it has a few stone pillars, some stone seats, a couple stone crosses and some stone actors. they have no emotion! the only thing that saves this movie is the fact that it is hamlet, and hamlet is a terrificly written piece of literature. the dubbing really wasn't all that bad though. the voices stuck true to the dull, gloomy, dreary, life-sucking atmosphere the movie gave forth. i have seen this version of hamlet on the fabulous mystery science theater 3000 three times, and each of the three times, i was on the brink of turning off the tv, despite it being mst 3k.not an uplifting production of a drama that deserves so much better.

take:1. a famous play2. a director with now ideas of his own who is using3. a copy of the stage design of a popular theatre production of the play mentioned in 1.4. an actor for the lead - who has no feeling for the part he's playing and you'll get: "hamlet, prinz von dänemark"i listened to the radio play of "hamlet" with maximilian schell as hamlet and i was so disappointed. i hoped that the filmed version would be better, that schell would at least have a body language to underline what he's saying - nothing. then the set... the minimalistic design is not everyone's taste, but usually i like it when there's just enough on the stage to make clear what's the setting and nothing more. alas, that's on a stage, in a theatre. it won't work in a film based on a play that actually has believable settings. that the idea for the set was copied from the theatre production in which schell played the hamlet already... let's say if that was the only thing to complain about... i ask myself how schell could get the part of hamlet anywhere in first place and how anybody could allow him to play hamlet a second time. if you've got the choice to view any of the about sixty films based on "hamlet", don't watch this one, unless you're a masochist, or really hardcore, or like to poke fun on untalented actors.

unfortunately there was not a 0 for a rating or else i would've chosen it. this movie lacks the star power that the original movie had in such abundance. carol burnett, albert finney, tim curry, bernadette peters, edward hermann, the innocence of newcomer aileen quinn, and expert directing from seasoned pro john huston (father of actress angelica huston)is what made this film so charming. even the 1999 remake with kathy bates, victor garber, alan cumming, and kristin chenoweth had more to offer than this sorry excuse for a sequel. before she did this movie all ashley johnson was known for was her role as little chrissie seaver on the prime time show growing pains. she had a few bit parts in movies but i don't know who thought she had talent enough to carry a movie on her own. and adding joan collins as lady edwina hogbottom, ridiculous! they couldn't get good enough actors to play the major roles like daddy warbucks, miss hannigan, and annie but they will sign joan collins to play some british lady? it doesn't surprise me that this movie was as bad as it was. the critics were right to have not agreed with this movie, even if it was only made for tv, it was a poor sequel to an otherwise lovable movie.

well where do i start? i think it's very insulting to the original annie with aileen quimnn. i love the film annie, and i was expecting this to be a brilliant film, but i was so disappointed! the acting is awful, the original annie came out a few years before i was born, i'm now 25 and annie is still one of my favourite films, so i was really excited to see annie 2. the acting was awful in the film, were any of the characters original? very badly written, directed and acted. this is not a film i wish to see again, and any annie lover i recommend that you don't watch this film because it will only leave you very disappointed. the young girls singing isn't bad but still doesn't compare to the original

christ. a sequel to one of the most cloying films of all time, this at least has the decency to leave out the songs (bar a reprise of the unbearable "tomorrow") but does continue the tradition of being nauseating and unfunny. this time, annie and her friends head off to london and get caught up in joan collins's plot to blow up buckingham palace or some such shite. the movie has a bizarrely sycophantic attitude towards its eponymous character at odds with how irritating she is: every time the little bugger squeals "leapin' lizards!" i could feel my teeth grinding themselves down into powder. drearily photographed, slushy and plodding, the movie has only one memorable line ("unhand me, you stupid genius!") and the fact that it's not the original to recommend it.

worst movie, (with the best reviews given it) i've ever seen. over the top dialog, acting, and direction. more slasher flick than thriller.with all the great reviews this movie got i'm appalled that it turned out so silly. shame on you martin scorsese

what ever possessed martin scorcese to remake this film? and not only did he remake it, completely ruin it? the nonsensical decision to make the character played by robert deniro (in his most overdone performance, and that's saying a lot) into a religious fanatic is ridiculous, and exemplary of attitudes harbored by hollywood (and mr. scorcese especially)- attitudes that compel writers to think that the best way to make a character insane is to tattoo a crucifix on his back. in any case, this movie is awful. 

this remake of the 1962 orginal film'o the book has some very good parts to commend it and some fine performances by some fine actors - however scorsese opts toward the end for the most formulaic of plot twists and an embarrassingly overacted shakespearean demise that had me looking at my watch.deniro is a superb actor, dedicated to giving his all in the work he does, however he needs direction to focus his talent, and this is sorely lacking in the last five minutes of the film.gregory peck's cameo is serviceable but nothing more whilst robert michum is always fun to watch, even with as few lines as this.nick nolte turns in a better performance than lorenzo's oil but is not on the same form as "weeds". joe don baker has some great lines while juliette lewis proves yet again that talent sometimes skips a generation.some good points? the start credits(!), the first view of cody's back when doing dips in the prison, the scene where cody is attacked with baseball bats, sam bowden's decent into full-fledged panic, cody's outwardly calm but unnerving prescence.the worst? the "cleaning woman - but not really!!!" part. clinging bare-handed to the underside of a car for a hundred miles at high speed. (are there no speed bumps in the us?) the "he's dead - but not really!!!" parts and the aforementioned rambling ending.i may watch the original again, but i've yet to be tempted to watch the remake in four years since seeing it.

worst de niro scorsese collaboration in this horrible agonizing violent overlong mess. scorsese is totally out of his element in this film with the horror cliched suddenly loud phone ringing and door slamming gimmicks that seem laughable and embarrassing coming from such a master craftsman. the cast is totally wasted here and the southern accents are very annoying and forced. nick noltie plays the wimpiest lawyer in history who would ever believe he can defend anyone ! de niro's psychotic bowden is nothing more than the typical 90's movie psycho killer. the scene with de niro and lewis early on is very awkward and the climax goes on and on and we should all be more than tired of the on psycho stalker that never dies. one of my most horrible movie experiences. rent the original it's 100 times better. 

while i can't deny that his movies are often entertaining, i have always personally felt that martin scorsese is just a little overrated in his abilities. his use of flashy stylistics in a good number of his movies seems to scream "look at me, aren't i an imaginative director?". his best film that i have seen is the one with the least added flourishes, the superlative "raging bull".for this remake it appears it was business as usual, though. the dull film stock to convey a 1950's setting was so bland as to be a distraction in itself. the melodramatic close-ups combined with the sub-par imitation of the classic "psycho" score are more likely to provoke smirks of derision than a sense of atmospheric terror. the score for "psycho" was brilliantly unnerving, this 'homage' just sounds shrill and annoying. even the cast, who can be decent at times, deliver histrionic performances that just scream 'caricature'; the notable exception to this being an intelligent turn by lewis as the impressionable teenage daughter of the bowden family.the worst acting offender here is surprisingly de niro. sure, he looks suitably menacing but as soon as he opens his mouth that aura just drains away. now i'm no expert on american accents, me originally coming from near manchester in england an' all, but surely he could've come up with a more convincing southern drawl than that? being the gifted physical actor he is, he almost overcomes this fatal flaw, but not quite. it was disconcerting for me, as a de niro fan, to be wishing he was off screen, rather than rapt at his performance.(possible spoilers.)the over-the-top style of the whole movie extends to the ridiculously overblown finale. when will scorsese learn that underplaying the situation can sometimes build tension just as effectively as giving the viewer a visual and sonic bombardment? i also thought that he was too respected a reputation to resort to the 'killer-not-dead-yet' cheap trick that less talented individuals might employ.all in all, a thoroughly ridiculous 'thriller'. scorsese and de niro have done much better work together.

i'm surprised this movie is rated so highly, although if i were to go with typical grade scale 71 is a c- or d so perhaps that's all right but this movie was just a typical thriller except boringly slow and unrealistic. not that a typical thriller is realistic but this one seemed to be trying to, and yet the woman who got rapped didn't press charges because she didn't want to be cross examined in a court even though she would be putting the man who broke her arm beat the crap out of her and raped her away for life not but also protecting the lawyer whom she had feelings for and his family not just random people she didn't even know. there were other similar problems with the movie which would have been all right if there was some kind of moral to take away from the movie but the few moral questions like whether it was right to try to kill/beat kady before he did anything illegal were presented a little one sided since kady ended up being just a crazed bastard bent on revenge so sure the lawyer was justified in protecting his family since waiting for kady to actually rape his daughter so he could do something legally about it would be a bit absurd. so now i've just waisted more of my life for this stupid movie so please don't see it so at least your life won't be waisted and that way my 2 1/2 hours or so has meant something.

one of scorsese's worst. an average thriller; the only thing to recommend it is de niro playing the psycho. the finale is typically of this genre i.e. over-the-top, with yet another almost invincible, immune-to-pain villain. i didn't like the 60s original, and this version wasn't much of an improvement on it. i have no idea why scorsese wasted his time on a remake. then again, considering how bad his recent movies have been (i'm referring to his dull buddhist movie and all the ones with his new favourite actress, the blond girl di caprio) this isn't even that bad by comparison. and considering spielberg wanted to do the remake... could have been far worse.

i really don't want to compare martin scorsese's cape fear to the classic 1962 cape fear film, but i can't help it. not only am i a huge fan of the robert mitchum and gregory peck starred cape fear, but when scorsese includes scenes right out of the previous film (cady taking the keys out of the ignition, dog dying) and even using bernard herrmann's score throughout the entire film, he's not giving me a lot of opportunities to not make a comparison as i can't help but think of the classic cape fear nearly every scene. when comparing scorsese's version of cape fear to the classic version, the remake comes out destroyed by the classic; but even when taking the film by itself, it's still bad.now scorsese and screenwriter wesley strick didn't just remake the 1962 cape fear scene for scene, they tried to do things differently. unfortunately this is one of the film's problems. gone is the original crazy and animal-like max cady who is out for personal revenge, the max cady in the 1991 version is a religious fanatic out to "save" sam bowden and who is in touch with his feminine side (his words, not mine). also gone is the stand-up and strong sam bowden seen in the classic cape fear film, the sam found in the 1991 remake is very goofy, magoo, distrustful, and very unlikable. even mrs. bowden is a completely different character - she's crazier than max cady is! the overall story has also been changed around - sam didn't testify against cady in court to put him in jail like in the classic version, sam is now cady's ex-lawyer who cady suspects of not doing all he could to keep him out of jail and is out to "save" him.the overall story has been changed, and i don't hold too much against it, but the overall script is also weak all around. other sub-plots have been thrown into the mix that not only distract from the bigger picture, they are also just poorly written. the film also includes a few frankly absurd scenes and is filled with apathetic and even ridiculous lines that you can't take the least bit seriously. these aspects take away from the dangerous and thrilling nature that the film is supposed to have, but they have some help in this department as well.now the classic version of cape fear was extraordinarily filmed with brilliant lighting and a powerfully effective suggestive subtlety combined with a barefaced brutality that delivered thrills when the film called for it and a sense of danger throughout its entirety. however, scorsese is unable to do any of this in his cape fear, giving the film a cookie-cutter early 1990s look, no sense of danger, no suspenseful scenes, and little style (unless you count animating fire and the skyline style). yeah, there is some gruesome violence and some effort was put in to make this cape fear bigger than the original, but it ends up empty and all shock but no awe.if all that wasn't enough, the acting isn't great either. robert de niro (being somehow nominated for an academy award for his performance) starts off alright as max cady, but he gets progressively worse until he begins to get nothing but laughs instead of scares by the end of the film. the opposite thing happens for jessica lange and her performance of mrs. bowden, going from overacting for most of the film to giving a convincing display of fear and desperation towards the end. as sam bowden, nick nolte stays the same throughout the whole film: beige. juliette lewis (who also reeled in an academy award nomination) is decent enough in her role as danielle bowden, but she's called upon to play a real stupid character and it's hard to really like what we see on screen from her.this film seems to be often counted as one of the few good remakes, and i can't figure out why. i wanted to like it; i really did - i mean, if there's going to be a remake of cape fear i'd rather like that one too - but i just couldn't. containing nothing to be great on its own and being crushed by the unavoidable comparison to the original cape fear, i found martin scorsese's cape fear to be a very bad film indeed. the best things about the film are robert mitchum and gregory peck in their supporting roles - go figure.

i think we all begin a lot of reviews with, "this could've made a great movie." a demented ex-con freshly sprung, a tidy suburban family his target. revenge, retribution, manipulation. marty's usual laying on of the karo syrup. but unfortunately somewhere in universal's high-rise a memorandum came down: everyone ham it up.nolte only speaks with eyebrows raised, lange bitches her way through cigarettes, lewis "ohmagod's!" her way though her scenes, and bobby d...well, he's on a whole other magic carpet. affecting some sort of cajun/huckleberry hound accent hybrid, he chomps fat cigars and cackles at random atrocities such as "problem child". and i want you to imagine the accent mentioned above. now imagine it spouting brain-clanging religious rhetoric at top volume like he swallowed six bibles, and you have de niro's schtick here. most distracting of all, though, is his most overdone use of the "de niro face" he's so lampooned for. eyes squinting, forehead crinkled, lips curled. crimany, bob, you looked like plastic man.the story apparently began off-screen 14 years earlier, when nolte was unable to spare de niro time in the bighouse for various assaults. upon release, he feels nolte's misrep of him back then warrants the terrorizing of he and his kin. and we're supposed to give de niro's character a slight pass because nolte withheld information that might've shortened his sentence. de niro being one of these criminals who, despite being guilty of unspeakable acts, feels his lack of freedom justifies continuing such acts on the outside. mmm-kay.he goes after notle's near-mistress (in a scene some may want to turn away from), his wife, his daughter, the family dog, ya know. which is one of the shortcomings of wesley strick's screenplay: utter predictability. as each of de niro's harassments becomes more gruesome, you can pretty much call the rest of the action before it happens. strick isn't to be totally discredited, as he manages a few compelling dialogue-driven moments (de niro and lewis' seedy exchange in an empty theater is the film's best scene), but mostly it's all over-cranked. scorsese's cartoonish photographic approach comes off as forced, not to mention the horribly outdated re-worked bernard hermann score (i kept waiting for the wolf man to show up with a genetically enlarged tarantula).thus we arrive at the comedic portion of the flick. unintentionally comedic, that is. you know those scenes where something graphically horrific is happening, but you can't help but snicker out of sight of others? you'll do it here. nolte and lange squawking about infidelity, de niro's thumb-flirting, he cross-dressing, and a kitchen slip on a certain substance that has to be seen to believed. and bob's infernal, incessant, constant, mind-damaging, no-end-in sight blowhard ramblings of all the "philosophy" he disovered in prison. i wanted him killed to shut him up more than to save this annoying family.i always hate to borrow thoughts from other reviewers, but here it's necessary. this really *is* scorsese's version of freddy krueger. the manner in which de niro relishes, speaks, stalks, withstands pain, right down to his one-liners, is vintage freddy. upon being scalded by a pot of thrown water: "you trying' to offer sumpin' hot?" please. and that's just one example.unless you were a fan of the original 1962 flick and want a thrill out of seeing balsam, peck, and mitchum nearly 30 years later (or want a serious head-shaking film experience), avoid a trip to the cape.

"look, i know this may suck right now, but pain is temporary, film is forever. whatever you do right now is burned into celluloid for all time and for thousands of years to come." – robert de nirothis was initially a film for steven spielberg, the director hiring several screenwriters to adjust the screenplay so that it more suited his themes. and so we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by a deranged monster in the form of a recently released from prison robert de niro. like "jurassic park", "poltergeist" and "war of the worlds", the dysfunctional family bands together to defeat the beast, the beast being the creation of the father, a lawyer who failed to defend de niro during his trial. in typical spielberg fashion, the father kills the monster that undermines the family and is then promptly absolved of his sins. like oscar schindler, robin williams, sam niel, tom cruise and virtually every "daddy" figure in spielberg land, the father reclaims his paternal duty in the kind of bittersweet coda that spielberg so enjoys.but spielberg eventually abandoned the picture and the project was instead turned over to martin scorsese, who at the time was seeking to try his hand at more commercial fare. the result is arguably the worst film in scorsese's filmography, and, ironically, his most illuminating.an artist's failures or misfires are often very revealing, exposing the inner workings of their art. when the story doesn't work, the characters don't connect or the images don't sear, we find ourselves left with a kind of inner core. this – the remaining carcass- is what the director's cinema is about.now "cape fear" is an impersonal film, so we won't find any thematic connections to the rest of scorsese's filmography ("you already sacrificed me!" de niro yells, but the films themes of catholic redemption are cookie cutter). what the film does, though, is expose the kind of language that his filmography hinges on. watch how scorsese's camera desperately whips back and forth, how he zooms frantically onto doorknobs and windows in an attempt to force tension and how his characters are all loud and screaming for attention. but more importantly, watch how the film makes no spatial sense. a showdown on a boat at the end of the film takes place on an obvious sound-stage, a street parade is claustrophobic and takes place within no larger context and the family's house doesn't seem to exist anywhere in particular. there is simply no geographical sense to anything in the picture, scorsese unable to film space or create any kind of spatial environment. the reason for this is that scorsese's camera always has to be bound, or intimately tethered, to his central character. for the world around the character to make sense, his camera has to be focused on the character. resnais can take you around a french hotel, welles and hitchcock can dance you down a street and up a building, cameron can give you a tour of the titanic, scott can recreate an entire future cityscape, lucas can give you an alien desert planet, and most other directors can create a sense of space by textbook "close up-mid shot-wide shot" combinations, but scorsese can't do this. there's no poetry, no sense of tangible space in his films. he's all about the character. you break that tether, you leave that boxing ring, that taxi cab, you look away from de niro, and everything collapses. he simply cannot break away from this very documentarian style of shooting, which, in a way, is a prerequisite for action film-making.scorsese tried to rectify this problem with "gangs of new york", where the space and the sets become the central character, but even this self consciously spatial experiment gets sabotaged by the magnetism of daniel day lewis, the actor drawing scorsese's camera inexorably toward him like a moth to a bulb.5/10 – even as a generic b-movie, this is an ugly, vulgar looking film. look at the matte paintings, the inept attempts at tension, the silly rotorscoped special effects and hokey fistfight showdown. still, we have robert de niro to pick up the slack. de niro, who gives his body over to scorsese like a tattooed christ, gives the film its only great scene. in an improvised romantic sequence with young a juliette lewis, he sticks his thumb into her mouth and kisses her. a kind of symbolic rape, the girl runs away, both aroused and repelled by this man's interest.but de niro's performance, so deliciously over the top, simply can't be imitated by scorsese. you'd need the operatic tone and the baroque visuals of someone like de palma to make this work. but scorsese? nope.worth one viewing.

the film starts with a voice over telling the audience where they are, and who the characters are. and that is the moment i started to dislike the movie. with all the endless possibilities any film director have in hand, i really find it a very easy and cheap solution to express the situation with a voice over telling everything. i actually believe voice overs are betrayals to the film making concept.i hate to hear from a voice over saying where we are, which date we are at, and especially what the characters feel and think. i believe that a director has to find a visual way to transmit the feelings and the thoughts of the characters to the audience. but after the bad influencing intro, a very striking movie begins and keeps going for a fairly long enough time. the lives of a middle class family and all the members individually are depicted in a perfect realistic way. i think the director has a talent for capturing real life situations. for example, a father who has to make his private calls from the bathroom might seem abnormal at first, but life itself leads us some situations which might seem abnormal but also very normal as well. i think the director is a very good observer about real life.but that is it. after a while the realism in the movie begins to sacrifice the story-telling. i really felt like i'm having a big headache because of the non-stop talking characters. it was as if the actors and actresses were given the subject and were allowed to improvise the dialogs. it is realistic really, but characters always asking "really, is that so" etc. to each other, or characters saying "no" or "are you listening to me," ten times when saying it only once is just enough causes me to have a headache.i also think the play practicing and book reading scenes are more then they should be. i understand that the play and the book in the movie are very much related to the plot, but i think the director has missed the point where he should stop showing these scenes.

the plot it's not so original. if someone saw "l'ultimo bacio" there's nothing new. a wealthy family in rome living everyday life that's is boring and false, with everyone asking to others what they think about them. really boring after an half of hour because it's simple to understand where the story is going to finish. this because it's simple to see the moralistic view of muccino in this movie, so even the hardest parts seem normal. to summarise in the first 2 minutes of the movie it would be enough and the aim of the movie were already said. the family saw from a 30 years old, i don't like to see movie that want to show the reality but for be coherent to his thoughts has to push more than the normal the situations. really good how muccino put the camera in the right place moving with the carathers and it's the only reason that bring me not sleeping in the cinema though always in the movie scream from the begining. perhaps it could be good to see the family how they are in reality and not put the blame to something out of it. morante was intense and great as usual but unfortunatly on a bad movie!

the actors did a really good job playing their roles--particularly the mom. however, as the movie progressed i found i was watching it more for their acting and not because i cared in the least for the people. and, at times, i felt irritated by the irresponsible and hands-off approach to parenting displayed again and again. the daughter is a 17 year-old shallow skank whose main ambition in life is bedding famous men and becoming a dancing nyphette (complete with lots of "booty shaking"). the son is a guy with low self-esteem that seems very desperate for a relationship and friends--so much that he throws a drug party late in the film. the husband and wife are both bored, but rather than put energy into their stale relationship would rather seek out new partners (though the wife picks poorly, as the man she "throws herself at" happens to be gay---oops!). i just felt that all the characters needed to grow up and had a hard time caring for such shallow jerks. i think the author's attempt was to demonstrate the utter banality and hollowness of the capitalist system. however, given that these characters are not typical of the average western family, it seems disingenuous.

beast wars is a show that is over-hyped, overpraised and overrated. let's meet the characters of this obnoxious show whose creators must have been on acid to try and make a show like this.cheetor- seriously, they need to have censor bars on this guy. how come he dosen't creep out the viewers having the same voice as baby taz? (at least razzoff from rayman 3: hoodlum havoc is voiced by slip & slide) action blast- if you want a line of show that suck, get g4 tranceformers cybertron- a show that should go down in a toilet. good job creators (sarcasm) show it self-retarded & boring (at least the super mario games are better) this show had a lot of followers sayin' bring it back, but i believe that it was cancelled for its own good.

growing up with the beast wars transformers, i wasn't very familiar with the original transformers, and now that i have seen the awesome movie, and now that i have seen the older cartoon on which it's based, i have to say i like the original cartoon and the live action movie more than beast wars.not that i don't like the bw characters, i just think that characters like optimus prime are better than optimus primal.i mean, "autobots transform and roll out!" sounds a lot better than "maximals maximize!" the voice of the original optimus prime still makes me a strong believer that he's a real commander, more so than optimus primal.besides, powermaster optimus prime is a lot more powerful than optimal optimus. just look on the web! megatron in the bw character seemed more like a humorous version of the more evil version of him in the original series.besides what's cooler, robots changing into animals or robots changing into vehicles and spaceships? gimme the original transformers any day over beast wars!

-me and my sister have right now watch that movie. we have laugh to the deaf. can u imagine on covers there is nomination for oscar?? --first, musician have mix about 4-5 different style of music... and the music is not synchronized with the scenes and the character moves...---main character silvester do not fit in there. he look like mexican tarzan.----russian soldiers are everything but not russian faces :-) -----ok, the main points: 1. airplane called charter painted in black...2. what is an idea when rambo go to jump from the airplane, but he stuck? rope mix 3. a girl? the best scene is when she dies. she means a lot to him. he knows her for ages? he cries for her, ... o my god samurai 4. how many arrows is he got? his arrow bag is always full of the arrows? i didn't notice a scene where he collect them - but i have seen the scene where arrow stay in the vietnam solder head - that is very important 5. how many rockets helicopter can hold??? (real one) i have seen 4. but rambos have hit about 20 of them.6. the main part. what the russian special army helicopters do in vietnam????????? after the war? 7. first scene when he enter into vietnam's camp... his first idea was to liberate the refuge who is standing on the tree on the open space' wow, what an idea than again: 1. with the knife u can cut the iron wire? maybe only made in vietnam? 2. mortar - using for hit one running man? o my god, u americans really need to learn about the weapons! do u know how much it takes to calibrate the mortar (i think writer have been watching to much movies from ii world war)

usually, any film with sylvester stallone is usually going to suck ass. rambo: first blood part ii was no exception to this. the only movies that sylvester stallone were in that were good were rocky and first blood. this film is extreamly unrealistic, and boring. it has action, but not very good action. i didn't enjoy watching it, and i would never ever watch this again. no wonder why it won the razzie award for worst picture. i would give this a 3/10, the only reason why it got the 3 was because it had somewhat good action, but not good enough.

the summary pretty much sums it all up. this is nowhere near as good as the original. with a script co-written by both stallone and james cameron (at the same time he was also writing aliens). most of the action was written by cameron and the political aspects were written by stallone.sly was in the best condition physically as he was making this and rocky 4 and he does look in great shape or jacked up to the eyeballs on steroids, depending on your own viewpoint or opinion.rambo starts off in prison and is visited by colonel trautman who asks him to go on a special mission that could earn him a presidential pardon. he eventually agrees and goes off to the briefing camp run by charles napier playing a washington suit trying to pass himself off as former ex-forces to placate rambo.the mission is to find out if there are any missing pows still alive in camps in vietnam. rambo was chosen as the camp he was checking was somewhere he had previously been a prisoner himself. he is told it's not a rescue mission and he is there to take recon photos only.after a bad attempt at parachuting from a plane he loses most of his kit, meets his contact (who turns out to be a cute woman) and travels down river with pirates to the camp.he finds there are still prisoners and rescues one. as the 3 flee from half the vietnamese army on their river boat they are betrayed by the pirates but rambo kills them all and they are forced to carry on to the pick-up point on foot after their boat is rammed and blown up with rambo almost on board.rambo is betrayed again and abandoned as napier orders the recall of the rescue helicopter. it is clear as trautman returns to base to berate him that no survivors were expected to be found.steven berkoff turns up as a russian spetznatz colonel and rambo is tortured and eventually escapes only to be pursued by more vietnamese troops and spetznatz. killing many of them, rambo finally steals a chopper and rescues most of the prisoners to return to his base.he resists the urge to kill napier for abandoning him but destroys the ops centre.a weak plot and very weak ending as rambo walks off into the sunset as a free man.

by rights, there should never have been a "first blood part ii". the original script for "first blood" had john rambo committing suicide at the end of the film, but this was changed to allow him to live, not because the producers wanted to make a sequel but because test audiences found the original ending too depressing. nevertheless, someone obviously thought that the character was too good to waste, because he ended up as the hero of two more films in the eighties, plus the recently released fourth instalment.the official title of this film was "rambo: first blood part ii", but it is more commonly known simply as "rambo". it starts with the title character in jail, where he is presumably expiating the crimes he committed in "first blood", although this is never made too explicit. he is removed from prison by his former commanding officer, colonel trautman, for a secret mission. rambo is to return to vietnam to investigate reports that american pows are still being held captive by the communist regime. he is under strict instructions not to attempt to rescue any prisoners or to engage the enemy; his is to be simply a fact-finding mission.what rambo does not realise is that he is being set up, not by trautman, who is portrayed as brave, honourable and incorruptible, but by the organiser of the mission, a military bureaucrat named murdock. murdock intends that the mission will prove that there are no american prisoners in vietnam, partly because that will improve relationships between the american and vietnamese governments, partly because it will make his own life easier. unfortunately for murdock, rambo discovers that not only are americans still being held prisoner, they are also being kept in hellish conditions. of course, he is far too much of a hero to leave them to their fate, and tries to rescue them. the rest of the film is more or less one long battle between rambo and a few allies (including a beautiful vietnamese girl) and the evil commie soldiers and their russian allies. most of the evil commies, of course, end up dead, although i was surprised to learn from your "trivia" section that the total death toll was as low as 67. at times it seemed as though rambo was trying to wipe out the entire vietnamese army.the tone of this film is very different from the first. in "first blood" rambo was unquestionably a criminal, even though his responsibility for his crimes was lessened by severe provocation and by his mental instability. in "rambo" he is a bona fide all-american hero. a few years earlier the director, george pan cosmatos, had made "the cassandra crossing", a biased piece of left-wing anti-american propaganda. cosmatos, however, was nothing if not versatile, and "rambo" proves that he could also turn his hand to biased right-wing pro-american propaganda. the one thing the two films have in common is that both are laughably bad."first blood" had its faults, but it also had its virtues. its stance, that the anti-war movement was partly to blame for the problems faced by vietnam vets in readjusting to civilian life, was a controversial one, but at least the film was trying to make a statement about war, social attitudes to war, and the roots of violence in society. "rambo", by contrast, has very few virtues, except that the action sequences are well enough done to please those who like that sort of thing. it is essentially a sort of jingoistic revenge fantasy for those americans who were still sore about the vietnam war. rambo re-fights the war single-handed, and this time the right side wins. take that, charlie cong! by this point, no doubt, the film's admirers (and there seem to be plenty- more than 2,000 voters have already given it ten stars) will have concluded that i am a liberal commie-loving pinko. far from it- in fact, i have always despised communism as a pernicious ideology. what i dislike about the film is not its politics but its lack of subtlety and its suggestion that the solution to all problems, including ideological disputes, is to go in with all guns blazing and to try and kill as many people as possible. it makes no attempt to understand the political complexities of south-east asia or why not everyone in the region was pro-american. for all its anti-communism, the film is the sort of moronic sledgehammer propaganda that the communists were very good at churning out themselves- except that they attributed all the world's problems to capitalism, or imperialism, or revisionism, or whatever other ism they had taken a dislike to. compared to "rambo", "the green berets" was a masterly piece of political analysis. 3/10

i think it's time john rambo move on with his life and try to put vietnam behind him. this series is getting old and rambo is no longer a solider but a cold blooded killer. ever time he turns up on the screen someone dies. vietnam was not a fun place to be and frankly i am tired of hollywood making it seem like it was. this is not the worst of the films concerning vietnam, that honor goes to john waynes green berets. in any case john rambo carrying around a 50 cal machine gun taking on what seems to be half of the viet cong army plus a good many russians is an insult to watch. what is worse is rambos cheesy speech at the end...please!! oh yeah i heard they are making another one...

the ghost of the vietnam war has haunted the american psyche for thirty years now. if not because of the fact that tens of thousands of american soldiers went mia in vietnam, or the manner in which those who returned were treated, then because it was the first war that america could be said to have lost. many men came home from the war a shadow of their former selves, and the original first blood managed to provide a small insight into their problems as they attempted to rotate back into the world, as the saying goes. first blood part ii, on the other hand, is little more than a fist-pumping mess that goes to illustrate how sore america can be, both in victory and defeat. stallone puts in another sluggish performance as the titular special forces commando, while richard crenna attempts to hold up the serious actor quotient. where it all comes undone is in the script, which didn't do any better when it was called missing in action and starred chuck norris. what little semblance of logic there was in the original is now gone, as the filmmakers decide to paint a big s on rambo's massive chest.the film picks up a little while after the end of first blood. the film, that is - the novel didn't allow for the possibility of sequels. in this mediocre follow-up, rambo has been put to work at what appears to be some sort of open-air mine. as he is breaking rocks and working up a sweat, a prison guard pulls him away to go and have a chat with colonel trautman, who advises him that his government is willing to offer him an early release if he goes on a covert mission. rambo, never one to back down from a hard day's violent work, accepts, and is promptly shipped off to a covert base in what appears to be cambodia or thailand (i forget which). from there, he is commissioned to seek out a camp where american mias are supposedly being held, and photograph them. his mission quite clearly specifies that he is not to make any attempt to secure their release. rambo being rambo, however, has other ideas in spite of their possible political implications.of course, things go somewhat awry when it turns out that the people commissioning rambo's work have more interest in making sure no american mias are found. it is the age-old conspiracy theory, and makes no apologies for exploiting the plight of many an american family that was left without a son during the ten years that the official vietnam war had been raging for. of course, with the jingoism that was inherent in american society during the 1980s, they could not help but work in a plot tangent about the vietnamese army being in bed with what appears to be a single battalion of russians. together, the two antagonists attempt to extract what information they can from rambo, but it backfires upon them in an orgy of bullets, arrows, rockets, and destruction. about the only thing missing is the moment when rambo drinks from a grail-like chalice and declares himself invincible.to be honest, first blood part ii is a well-photographed, and well-choreographed, action spectacle. the hand-to-hand combat with the larger russian commander is one of the few battles in the film that has any dramatic tension whatsoever. the rest is simply a case of the lead actor and the director building a fantasy for americans to pump their fist to. fortunately, this fad of america über alles action films soon died down when more introspective and intelligent war films such as platoon began doing the rounds. some of the kills shown here are quite creative, despite all the problems. the vietnamese commander meets an end that many an action film villain would envy. the russian commander bites it in a manner that is as spectacular as it is ridiculous. only in a 1980s action film would one see a law being used from inside a helicopter. sure, there have been action film clichés rooted in contradictions of fact, but never this ridiculous before.i gave rambo: first blood part ii a one out of ten. it is so bad it is ridiculous, and so ridiculous that it is often funny. one doesn't even need to have served in the military to know how stupid some of the action sequences are. the only risk it takes is in trying to make a stupid political statement with what is a heartbreaking subject for those directly involved. keep the tongue firmly in the cheek, and it might be watchable.

while the original first blood had its far-fetched moments, it was at least exciting in parts. in rambo: first blood, part ii the emphasis is shifted very much onto comic-book action. plausibility is totally rejected; logic nose-dives; stallone becomes so impregnable that there can be no doubt he will succeed in his mission. just like any other wish-fulfilment actioner of that time (e.g. invasion usa, commando, red scorpion), rambo: first blood, part ii cancels out its own opportunities for real excitement by presenting a hero too invulnerable to fear for. if you can tell from the word go that rambo is going to wipe out hundreds of enemy soldiers, what is left to get excited about?imprisoned after the events of the first movie, john j rambo (sylvester stallone) is offered a pardon if he will join a covert operation in the far east. the year is 1985, and a mission is being arranged to find out if there are any american pows still trapped in the jungles of vietnam. rambo is encouraged to take the job by his old mentor colonel trautman (richard crenna), but the assignment is actually the brainchild of a government outfit fronted by marshall murdock (charles napier). rambo's job is merely to head for a prison camp in the jungle and check out if it contains any american pows – if it doesn't, he is to rendezvous with a chopper; if it does, he is to get photographic evidence of their existence so that they can be rescued at a later date. aiding him in his quest is a lady soldier with local knowledge, the beautiful and resourceful co bao (julia nickson). sure enough, rambo discovers that there are pows in the camp, but he exceeds his orders by rescuing one of them… when he reaches the rendezvous point, the rescue chopper abandons him on the orders of murdock who, it seems, doesn't really want to find any pows because of the political and military implications. rambo is captured by the enemy and tortured, but following an explosive escape he sets out to free the pows and get his revenge on the treacherous murdock.the few good points of the film come from jack cardiff's polished photography, jerry goldsmith's exhilarating score, and the sheer professionalism of the stunt team in performing various action antics. beyond these scant pickings, the film is a failure. the actors are reduced to macho posturing, the plot rings false, the action sequences are soulless and suspenseless, the dialogue is absurd… even the violence becomes numbingly predictable. at the time of its release america was under the presidency of ronald reagan, a man with simplistic and near-hysterical anti-communist sentiments. for this reason, contemporary audiences lapped up this commie-bashing shooting-fest as if it was the greatest movie of all-time, transforming it into an undeserved box office success. thankfully times have changed – nowadays we can look upon it as a simple-minded action flick with a ludicrously high body count, ludicrously dumb politics, and a ludicrous hero.

i don't see much reason to get into this movie in much detail. sylvester stallone is once again john rambo, author and survivor of "a season in hell", recruited from prison by his only friend, major richard crenna, to secretly return to vietnam, take photos of the american prisoners believed to be still held in horrible camps, and return without engaging the enemy.fat chance. what if he actually did nothing more than sneak in, take pics, and sneak out? who would come to see the movie? it's essentially a celebration of stallone's muscles. preparing for his mission, we see his well-oiled muscles bulging. (they are oiled and bulging throughout.) there is the ritual strapping on of black leather, ugly guns, and even uglier knives. the black guns are cleaned, assembled with loud clacks, and almost as oiled as stallone's muscles. the bow is tested and, yes, it has enough poundage to drive a bolt through an enemy's forehead. the knife is sharpened with slick snicks.stallone and one of his pows are betrayed by one or two of the suits from washington, cynical politicians who, you can bet, were never even in a fist fight in grammar school. no guts, you know? just sit around with their feet on the desk and drink foreign beer.the movie does what it set out to do, but what it set out to do is meretricious. it deliberately cashes in on the myth popular in the mid-1980s that there were uncountable numbers of mias quietly kept in wretched camps by the north vietnamese. the bumper stickers were ubiquitous. (free our mias.) why would they keep them? it was never quite reasoned out but perhaps to turn the pows into a slave labor force -- in a country that has absolutely no resource other than labor. or maybe for their propaganda value as an instrument to humiliate the united states -- a propaganda weapon that the vietnamese kept secret from the world.as a captive, rambo is treated in a medieval fashion by the north vietnamese. dipped to his neck in pig excrement and then hauled out of it by his wrists, his muscles still on display. then, not content with subhuman vietnamese, a russian officer is brought in to play the part of the gestapo officer -- "vee haff vays of making you remember." a high-tech type, the russian uses psychology and electricity, not just pig dump.rambo returns and declares that he intends to drift aimlessly until "this country loves us as much as we love it," bringing up another myth that vets returning from vietnam were uniformly spat upon and cursed, which is why i guess we elected so many to the congress and appointed others to high-echelon positions. the last three losing presidential candidates were among that despised group. at least rambo's aimless drifting left room open for a sequel, which arrived apace.the action movies with schwarzenegger and willis and others were leavened by wisecracks but rambo is humorless. it marches dully through it's phantasmal ideological swamp, killing without mercy, barely speaking, barely able to speak. to speak is a sign of weakness.

i remember i loved this movie when it came out. i was 12 years old, had a commodore 64 and loved to play rambo on it. i was therefore really thrilled when i got to buy this movie really cheap. i put it in my vcr and started up: man this movie is really bad! sylvester stallone says like 3 words in the entire movie (except for that awful sentimental speech at the end), and has the same expression on his face all the way. and that stupid love thing in the middle, it's just so amazingly predictable. i just ended up fast forwarding the entire thing and went to exchange the movie for something else.

as an army veteran, i was deeply offended by this film. in my opinion, it is a disgrace to those who fought in the vietnam war. to say that the real sf soldiers i knew were offended by this crap is an understatement. if the film were presented as satire or even as a cartoon (it was), it would have been better received. but it was taken seriously my many people, especially overseas. silly as it sounds, wherever i went in europe in the late 80's people seemed to judge me and americans in general by this film. unrealistic? hmm, let's see. a monosyllabic, muscle-bound cretin is pulled off a prison work gang to go on a secret mission to se asia to free some american pow's. in a running battle he kills about 500 enemy soldiers with an m-60 machine gun that never runs out of ammo and never overheats. and he never misses, running with a 32lb gun held up with one arm. i could go on, but i'm getting a headache. i gave this a 2/10 only because it's slightly better than rambo iii.

un-bleeping-believable! meg ryan doesn't even look her usual pert lovable self in this, which normally makes me forgive her shallow ticky acting schtick. hard to believe she was the producer on this dog. plus kevin kline: what kind of suicide trip has his career been on? whoosh... banzai!!! finally this was directed by the guy who did big chill? must be a replay of jonestown - hollywood style. wooofff!

the premise is ridiculous, the characters unbelievable, the dialogue trite, and the ending absurd. believe me, i'm a fan of kevin kline, but watching him do a pepe le pew accent for 2 hours as a supposed frenchman is not nearly as amusing as it sounds.for her part, meg ryan is once again as perky and adorable as a (take your pick): kewpie doll, baby, puppy, kitten, whatever you happen to think is the cutest creature on earth. she also bears not the slightest resemblance to a real human being.this movie strikes me as an opportunity seized by buddies lawrence kasdan and kline to vacation in paris and the south of france while being well-paid for it. so i can't really blame them.

kevin kline and meg ryan are among that class of actors which i am always interested in seeing, despite reviews. i have always found ms. ryan to be a charming and winsome actress in nearly all her roles, and kevin kline is almost always worth watching.i say "nearly" and "almost" in large part because of this movie.first off, meg ryan does not play a likeable character, she plays a weak-willed whiner who begins grating on your nerves shortly after the opening credits and doesn't give up until several days later. that said, kevin kline's character is even more annoying and less likeable. so, even if you normally like these two actors, i recommend your give this movie a pass.

i give this five out of 10. all five marks are for hendrix who delivers a very decent set of his latter day material. unfortunately the quality of the camera work and editing is verging on the appalling! we have countless full-face shots of hendrix where he could almost be doing anything, taking a pee perhaps? we don't see his hands on the guitar thats the point! also we're given plenty shots of hendrix from behind? there appears to be three cameras on hendrix, but amateur fools operate all of them. the guy in front of hendrix seems to be keen to wander his focus lazily about the stage as if hendrix on the guitar is a mere distraction. while the guy behind is keener on zeroing in on a few chicks in the stalls than actually documenting the incredible guitar work thats bleeding out the amps (the sound recording is good thanks to wally heider) interspersed on the tracks are clips of student losers protesting against vietnam etc on tracks like machine gun, complete waste of film! if hendrix had lived even another two years berkeley is one of those things that would never have seen the light of day as far as a complete official release goes. the one gem it does contain is the incredible johnny b good but all in a pretty poor visual document of the great man and inferior to both woodstock and isle of wight

were i not with friends, and so cheap, i would have walked out. it failed miserably as satire and didn't even have the redemption of camp.

i saw this movie originally in the theater, when i was 10. even at that age the 'humor' was mildly insulting to my adolescent intelligence.in the past, whenever i would see ed begley jr. or jeff goldblum i would cringe and start to feel very uncomfortable and even slightly sad. until i was reminded of the existence of this movie today, i was unsure why i felt that way. apparently i blocked my memory of this movie yet my negative feelings towards two of the perpetrators remained. apparently i forgot that i saw this movie but subconsciously mourned the pieces of my soul that had been stolen, nay eaten by the creators of this inhuman work.i haven't been brave enough to try watching it as an adult. i imagine that as part of the healing process that i should probably look at confronting this childhood fear so that i can *truly* put it behind me. some regression therapy and / or hypnosis might not be a bad idea either.

this comedy has some tolerably funny stuff in it, surrounded by a lot of unfunny stuff. just about every scene involving the servants of the castle and their silly antics is a waste of time. and the plotting is so sloppy that it makes you wonder if they actually had a script ready before they started filming this, or they were simply making it all up as they went along. (*1/2)

this is the single worst movie i have ever seen. let me say that again: this is the single worst movie i have ever seen.it had all of the ear-marks of a bad movie: continuity errors, bad writing, bad acting, bad production value, bad music. i thought that there were a couple points to horror movies. the first is that it is supposed to be suspenseful enough to scare you. this movie gets and f in this category. the second point is that when a character dies, or something bad happens to them, we are supposed to care. this movie gets an f in this regard as well. the first story, a woman gets mauled by wolves after being afraid that this would happen to her. the next story, an ocd guy dies from not being careful and talks to a dead friend of his. oh, and then there is the horrific, nail-biting story of a bad roommate. come on, could you pick topics a little more interesting and a little less common than being alone in a house, being anal-retentive, and having a roommate? turns out all of these stories where hallucinations, virtual reality induced by a doctor who in turn uses it himself. wow, stupid.let me explain something, i enjoy watching bad horror movies and laughing at how bad they are. i couldn't do that with this one. it was utter pain to sit and watch. do not under any circumstance watch this movie. you will regret it.

this movie still chills me to the bone thinking of it. this movie was not just bad as in low-budget, badly acted, etc. although it certainly was all of those things. the problem with this movie is that it seemed to be intentionally trying to annoy the viewer, and doing it with great success. what i want to know is, is this supposed to be a horror movie? i mean, it's definately horrifying, but not in the way horror movies are supposed to be. i could see the first segment trying to be horror and failing, but what the hell is the second segment? it's just annoying. the third segment is like watching an artsy student film, which amazingly enough makes it the least painful segment. it's an atrocity that this movie isn't way low on the bottom 100, so get your votes (1/10) in people!! i know some people gave this good reviews, but, well, they're lying in a sadistic attempt to trick you. trust me, it is impossible to like this movie. the only benefit of this movie is an amazing life-extending effect: it feels like you've been watching this movie for years after only the first half hour has passed.

this movie surely has one of the strangest themes in history -- right up there with ed wood's impassioned defense of cross-dressing in "glen or glenda?"the subject: playing bridge. the park avenue set plays it; the bohemians play it. the russians -- who speak very questionable "russian" and have most unconvincing accents when they speak english -- play it at the restaurant where they work.if one isn't interested in bridge, one -- even despite the great cast -- isn't likely to be much interested in this bizarre movie.loretta young and paul lukas are fine. (well --frank mchugh is an unlikely ghost writer -- as lukas is an unlikely russian.) but they are all sunk by the fetishistic script.

bottom of the barrel, unimaginative, and practically unwatchable remake of the road warrior. this film follows the exact plot as the filipino film stryker and is worse by far! bad acting, dialog, effects, dubbing, pacing, action sequences... the list goes on and on. italy made literally dozens of road warrior rip-offs in the early 80's, some good, some bad. this is the worst by far, no contest. not only was the mood of the film completely bleak and miserable, the experience of sitting through this one is a bore and a half. there was 1 (one) good chase sequence towards the beginning of the movie, and a cool shot of a man holding a hand grenade exploding. but everything else about this movie seriously reeks! for actual post-nuke fun, go track down a copy of endgame, after the fall of new york, or escape from the bronx instead. they're much more enjoyable than this rubbish.

i love jamie foxx.and i enjoy 99% of all movies i see.and i walked out of this one.now, i admit, it may have had something to do with the two middle-aged white women in the back of theatre who laughed at every little thing ("oh no, jamie's knocking on a door! hee hee hee!"), but... this was just so incredibly annoying. there could be no sustained camera shot, and no camera shot from a conventional angle... everything had to be in-your-face, loud, and annoying.the bad guy tried to be smooth and malkovich-like, but at this point, it's just old and tired. he brought nothing new or interesting. from all the characters, too many lines you saw coming, too many you've heard before, and too many "tough guy" lines... and i don't mind that sort of thing, really, as long as there's a bit of originality to it. in fact, pretty much the entire supporting cast just sucked.i love jamie foxx, and i think he's really funny, and i thought he was funny in this movie... but not nearly funny enough for me to endure everything else. this movie needed less shoot-em-up, less annoying camera shots, more emotion, more feeling, and more jamie foxx. i gave it a 2.

this is the first time i ever saw a movie with jamie foxx, and i bet it will be my last. i failed to see why he was funny, although people in the audience thought it was very funny when he made a face to the camera, or for saying "i am going to take a shower".the plot is completely predictable. the bad guy comes after the good guy. the good guy has a woman, so the bad guy uses her. in between, the officials screwing up. the final scenes are utterly unbelievable. you spend 2 years and millions of dollars chasing a guy, but you don't do your home work to solve a trivial riddle?there's no great acting, there isn't much of a plot or storyline, and the shooting is done mtv style. don't waste your money on this one.

philip. k. dickian movie. and a decent one for that matter. better than the paycheck (woo) and that abomination called minority report (spielberg). but lets face it, the twisting and cheesing ending was a bit too much for me. half way through the movie i already started to fear about such kind of ending, and i was regrettably right. but that does not mean that the film is not worth its time. no, not at all. first half (as already many here have commented) is awesome. there are some parts where you start to doubt whether the director intended to convey the message that showmanship is highly important thing in the future (we will do such kind on corny sf things because we can) or is it simply over combining. but the paranoia is there and feeling "out of joint" also. good one.

basically a typical propaganda film for the last good war. but there were a couple things that struck me. first was the use of mouthed epithets. in two cases the scott character mouths one, once at the beginning when he drops his bomb off target during the bomb-off ("dammit") and once when he is trying to sway a bombardier into being a pilot ("s*%t"). i could be wrong about the second instance but i replayed it several times and that's what it looks like to me. the third case is when the anne shirley character wishes the o'brien character goodbye and good luck ("give 'em hell") over the roar of the engines. she must have thought that was too unladylike because she clearly says "heck". i also found interesting the character that has moral problems with bombing, specifically bombing civilians. the avuncular superior officer assures him that only military targets will be hit due to the precision of the bombsight used. given what we know about the lemay's later strategy of firebombing japanese cities into oblivion this scene plays with not a little irony. i remember mcnamara's quoting of lemay in "the fog of war", something to the effect that if the us did not win the conflict he would be tried as a war criminal. the ending is way overwrought, in keeping with the movie. it reminded me a bit of the end of white heat (i'm not comparing the films, just the ending!). maybe it's just 'cause he gets blowed up. blowed up real good!!!

there is no question as to who is in command of the training of cadets in this film: major chick davis (pat o'brien). o'brien plays an officer who adheres to military discipline in the creation of a new kind of soldier from his cadets--the bombardier. but he is not so rigid as to be unfair or unfriendly. in fact, he even changes his opinion as to the value of women working in the military. he's tough when he has to be, yet at other times he is a clear mix of coach and pastor, roles he perfected in other films. his character is the foundation of the action around which everything revolves. o'brien seems natural in the role, and plays it in fine fashion. two things help this movie: o'brien's performance and the spectacular special effects ending.

i don't know who wrote the script for this movie, but from the first moment on, i was irritated. of all possible decisions they could make up in the mountains, why do they make the decision, which is the most dangerous of all? why do the criminals act dumb, although they managed to get a huge amount of money out of a bank and get away with it? why doesn't the main criminal land the helicopter, shoot stallone, grab the money and fly away with the chick as a hostage? and there are more cases of illogical behavior. i'd give this movie 5 points for nice action and great landscape scenery, but due to the illogical behavior of the characters, i just can give this movie 1 point...

i saw this movie with my rock climbing instructor, and we found the entire thing so ridiculous as to be beyond pity. (for one, if stallone is out free-climbing by himself, there's no need to carry any gear, but i guess those dangling carabiners look sorta "mountain climby," so let's throw them in). for those lobotomized folks who think that colorado looks anything like the dolomites in italy (where the movie was filmed), well the hollywood moguls have got a lot more ridiculous & foul-smelling stuff for you to swallow.

there are some stallone movies i like, but this movie didn't meet my low expectations. i found this movie hard to believe. for example, a bunch of terrorists who crash land in the wilderness are prepared to survive for at least two days. also, in all this wilderness stallone and company keep running across bridges and ladders that provide convenient short-cuts or plot devices. also, the treasury cops don't seem to coordinate anything with the local rescue people. also, bad guys who couldn't hit the side of a barn with really high-tech looking automatic weapons.i liked john lithgow's villain initially, but the character is such a complete psychopath that he doesn't care at all about any of his own bad guys, or all of them getting killed. eventually i just couldn't believe the character anymore.not worth the price of a rental, not even worth taking the time to watch.

let me start by stating that i usually do like renny harlin's directing style, for the most part, and that the cinematographer should be commended for some the shots. unlike harlin's "elm street 4", and "die hard 2" which i really liked, there is something that is missing from this movie. that, my friends, is a script. the dialogue in movies like this is always pretty awful, but this one takes the gold medal for stupidity. there are so many awful lines in this movie, i don't even want to have to remember any of them. not just that but the execution of the lines is pathetic and seems more suited toward a bad porn movie than an action adventure. it's almost like harlin thought that if they slowed down the words being said, they could improve the script. wrong again.the sad part is that there is some talented actors thrown into bad roles with worse dialogue. stallone has never been a favorite of mine, but when he is acting circles around lithgow, turner, and the worst of the bunch rooker, there is something wrong with this picture. lithgow played one of the best villains in "ricochet", yet comes across as someone who can't act to save his life here. how is that possible? i've always been a huge fan of his and he gets schooled in acting by stallone, who himself still phoned-in his performance. turner's part is so small and pointless, but she still manages to appear lost on screen. michael rooker can act. i know this because i have witnessed it in "days of thunder", but he seems like he is reading his lines from cue cards. has it come to this? when rooker and lithgow have scenes together where they are speaking, i just wanted the movie to end right there, or have them both amazingly find their acting ability. unfortunately, neither of those things occurred.which brings me back to harlin, who can be the only one to really blame for this mess other than the screenwriters. it's his fault that i was never drawn into this movie at all, because he should have made the people actually act. the script is not very good, but still the actors' performances are what destroys this movie and that has to lie with the director. i don't care how much was paid for the special effects, which for the most part are good, you still can't just sacrifice the movie with terrible acting. plus, the pacing of this movie seems to be off. the opening sequence was good and the plane scene was very well done, but how are you supposed to care about the outcome of the heist at all. i mean i understand that they were trying to create tension with all of the bells and whistles of the plane scene, but i really didn't care if they got the money or not in that scene. if the bad guy's would have won early, maybe i wouldn't have had to witness one of the worst movies ever!

i am still shuddering at the thought of ever seeing this movie again.i have seen action films, i have even liked quite a few of them, but this one goes over the top.not only does it have the worst male actor ever (sly stallone) playing the lead role, but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning (why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground, would be hell of a lot easier) that it requires a person with iq less than his shoenumber to believe it. furthermore, the plot has no real twists at all, a three year old kid could guess what comes next. it is a set of cliches (of action genre), with sly performing even worse than his other movies (he was better even in rambo iii if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film). now there is an actor who can't act a) surprised b) sad c) anything else than his basic face. i would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it. explosions are outstanding, but then... you can see better on the 4th of july. landscapes are magnificient, but then... there are documentaries about the alps and himalayas, so you can see better sights that way, rather than waste time on this flick.go watch some other movie instead, there are hundreds, even thousands better action movies.

if you like the standard sly flicks that involve over the top action, unbelievable stunts (unbelievable is not intended to be complimentary here), and retarded dialogue; you will love this steaming pile of mountain goat dung. i had high hopes based on the trailer. i thought that stalone was going to be forced in his "has-been" days to yield to smarter people and make an action film that would place a credible hero in a credible situation where the story, setting, and (believable) action would prevail. i crave action that is at least close enough to reality that you can imagine the fear and excitement that would come from such an event. my limited knowledge of hypothermia and its effects rendered at least one scene laughably ridiculous. judge dredd is only better because you know going into the theater that you are going to see a comic book made into a movie. the character, setting and everything else are beyond comparison to anything we might encounter ourselves. cliffhanger on the other hand turns a mountain climbing guide into rambo before you can say "yo, adrian!"

oh, what a bad, bad, very bad movie! cowritten by and starring sylvester stallone—that should have been enough—and featuring too many rock-climbing scenes, vertigo, falling, and scene-chewing villains and a botched airborne heist. there are two plots, both lame. one involves a traumatic failed rescue, and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty, and killing various harmless people whenever possible. the usually reliable john lithgow, perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product, is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he doesn't care "bostid!" in a vague approximation of an english accent. janine turner, who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played maggie on northern exposure, is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot. stallone is stolid and muscle-headed. no deathless lines in this one. no living lines, either.

this is one of the worse cases of film drivel i have seen in a long while. it is so awful, that i am not sure where to begin, or even if it is worth it. the plot is the real problem, and i feel sorry for 'sly' as he puts in a decent performance for his part. but that plot ... oh dear oh dear. i particularly love the way near the end he manages to pop from the foot of a mountain to the top, whilst the helicopter is on the way. a climb of a day or two takes him all of five minutes! i could go on: but it isn't worth it. apart from the grim opening (which even a five year old would be able to predict the outcome of) the rest is drivel. sorry folks, but this is about as bad as film making gets.

once in a while, a movie will sweep along that stuns you, draws you in, awes you, and, in the end, leaves you with a renewed belief in the human race from the artistry form. this is not it. this is an action movie that lacks convincing action. it stinks. rent something else.

(spoiler included, some would say)this film is not possible to take seriously. at some parts it is so awfully stupid that i just can't help laughing at it all. try me for the sequence where stallone's character jumps some 20 meters with full climbing gear or (and this is really my favorite) snuffs a bad guy by sticking him onto a stalactite. yeah, what ungodly strength did he muster to accomplish such feats? i dunno, but he sure gives reality a run for the money.

had to see this cos it looked like a great scary premise- prisoners finding magic book,oo err! claustrophobic terror ensues, etc. but there didn't seem to be a story to go along with the great idea. rather than chilling/physcological horror, it relied on effects out in the open- fire and ott body horror- , which didn't scare at all if your over 12. the logic at the end is ridiculous, with characters being killed off for nothing other than bodycount. waste of good characters- which were the best thing about this film.obviously low budget, which doesn't spoil it, the film really goes nowhere, and- icant believe im going to say this- it needs a hollywood remake. you simply loose interest in this version. definitely not in the same league as other french films coming out in the last few years like crimson rivers which were at least watchable/entertaining, malefique isn't watchable to the end to be honest. and i bet you can guess the ending before you have watched the film. really really disappointing- impossible to recommend.

there are so many comments on this film, yet i found them to be misleading. this a corner-cutting, over-used scenario where a normal human being becomes a partner in crime to someone of the opposite sex for no apparent reason. boy meets girl. girl holds boy up at gunpoint for something ridiculous. boy is intrigued. you know the drill: the antagonist turns out to be a wild, free spirit instead of a sociopath... toss in a few words of wisdom from alice drummond and you have a recipe for love. sheedy's 'is she crazy or does she just need a hug?' role from the breakfast club simply reeks as a lead character. and all that is left is a truly ghastly turkey of a movie.

i heard this film was much more stylistic than the films director guy ritchie (lock, stock and two smoking barrels, snatch) had directed before, the problem is, it is possibly too stylistic. basically jake green (jason statham) is released from prison after seven years in solitary,and within two years he gambles loads of his money. he is ready to seek revenge against the violence-prone casino owner who got jake sent to prison, dorothy 'mr. d' macha (ray liotta). in the process, doctors tell jake that he has three days left to live as he is dying from a rare blood disease, oh, and macha puts hit men on him. loan sharks zach (vincent pastore) and avi (andré benjamin) are demanding jake pays their cash back, and do some odd jobs for them. the film is filled with jake narrating through some flashbacks, and through his last three days before coming to the big revelation about zach and avi, and macha, well, i assume that's what it was. also starring terence maynard as french paul, andrew howard as billy, mark strong as sorter, francesca annis as lily walker, anjela lauren smith as doreen and elana binysh as rachel. the are sequences involving a little bit of animation, repeating lines twice in different perspectives, and changing speeds for moments, and all of these are irritating to the point of confusion and boredom, making it a silly crime drama. pretty poor!

when ritchie first burst on to movie scene his films were hailed as funny, witty, well directed and original. if one could compare the hype he had generated with his first two attempts and the almost universal loathing his last two outings have created one should consider - has ritchie been found out? is he really that talented? does he really have any genuine original ideas? or is he simply a pretentious and egotistical director who really wants to be fincher, tarantino and leone all rolled into one colossal and disorganised heap? after watching revolver one could be excused for thinking were did it all go wrong? what happened to his great sense of humour? where did he get all these mixed and convoluted ideas from? revolver tries to be clever, philosophical and succinct, it tries to be an intelligent psychoanalysis, it tries to be an intricate and complicated thriller. ritchie does make a gargantuan effort to fulfil all these many objectives and invests great chunks of a script into existential musings and numerous plot twists. however, in the end all it serves is to construct a severely disjointed, unstructured and ultimately unfriendly film to the audience. its plagiarism is so sinful and blatant that although ritchie does at least attempt to give his own spin he should be punished for even trying to pass it off as his own work. so what the audience gets ultimately is a terrible screenplay intertwined with many pretentious oneliners and clumsy setpieces.revolver is ultimately an unoriginal and bland movie that has stolen countless themes from masterpieces like fight club, usual suspects and pulp fiction. it aims high, but inevitably shots blanks aplenty.revolver deserves to be lambasted, it is a truly poor film masquerading as a wannabe masterpiece from a wannabe auteur. however, it falls flat on its farcical face and just fails at everything it wants to be and achieve.

this movie is now my gauge against which all other movies will be compared...as in, "was it as stupid as revolver?" i too was in the toronto international film festival audience last night where a room filled with over 2000 people walked out in an eerie silence after being absolutely dumbstruck by 2 hours of sheer nonsense. jason stratham would have been amazing if only he had a purpose. within the first 10 minutes he's given a proposition by andre 3000 and big pussy (of soprano's fame) which makes no sense at all! then there's some shooting and then there's ray liotta wearing embarrassing bikini briefs, then there's some animation, ray liotta's naked butt, lots of shooting, teeth gnashing, art house wanna be pretensions and more of liotta's embarrassing body that elicited laughs at every showing...which i'm not quite sure was the reaction he was looking for...not 5 times anyway. everyone in this movie thinks they're smarter than the average bear and guy ritchie thinks he's yogi bear incarnate. the story lines might have went nowhere but the posturing was outta sight! the only way this movie could have been worse is if madonna herself was in it.

its like if you took the general themes of the usual suspects and fightclub, take away all their style and class and mixed them together with a lot of pretentious new wave "i'm intellectual so my movie must be hard to make sense of" film maker rubbish, mashed in a few extra styles for good measure, chopped off the ending, there you have revolver.yes, i did think about it for a little bit after watching, and yes it did kind of make sense, however that doesn't stop it being garbage.waste of money. waste of time.up there as the worst movie i have ever seen, with not even a bad movie novelty value to redeem it a little.

let this film serve as the death knell to the "big twist" films borne out of the 1990s. known in some circles as the kyser soze syndrome, this cinematic slight of hand has now been done to death by m. night shayamalan and even ron howard used a variation in a beautiful mind. however, in revolver, director guy ritchie (known in some circles as "mr. madonna"), utilizes the soze motif in a far more obsequious manner. jason statham (with a highly questionable head of hair) stars as jack green (known to all as "mr. green.") he may or may not also be criminal mastermind mr. gold. or, perhaps mr. gold is an irritable spirit who can possess members of the underworld. i'm not quite certain, but i certainly don't care. revolver is one of the most overwrought examples of cinematic excess i've had the displeasure to endure in quite a long time. witness the fractured time structure, the painful jump cuts, the ceaseless inner-monologues, and the painfully pretentious animated sequence. this "everything and the kitchen sink" directing style makes quentin tarantino's oeuvre look sedate. the cinematic smoke and mirrors only lead me to believe that ritchie was as bored telling this trite tale as i was watching it.the film is filled with moments of revelation that are supposedly shocking but they only come as news to mr. green. i wanted to like green as i always enjoy stratham as a character who is two steps ahead of everyone else. here, though, he struggles along like a remedial reader in a university english literature class. his lack of wit is only matched by the lack of restraint shown by his nemesis, macha (ray liotta). feasting on scenery like a starving man at a smorgasbord, liotta spits, cries, and fumes through the film in an embarrassing display of overacting and leopard print speedos. there are no redeeming qualities to revolver. it's yet another filmic faux pas from ritchie and might even outdo his wretched remake of swept away as his worst film yet.

i would rather of had my eyes gouged out with rusty ice picks than have had to sit through this abortion. there is no plot. there is no acting ability . ray liota has shamed himself and should be blacklisted from any more work. i am so sorry that the industry allows crap like this to be shown on any type of medium. rumor has it that maddona threw herself to the floor to break her other arm so she could be taken away on a stretcher. actullly, she deserves to be married to this loser and wanna-be-actor-director. i hope she stays in london and never returns to the usa. please do not waste your money on this so called film. i beg of you.

i've seen (far too) many flicks from this company - this one is about middle of the pack. one the good side, its a bit more stylized and under control than some of their fare - less of the sophomoric attempts at humor and more adherence to story (for what its worth). many of their titles, like sexy sixth sense, are buried by baaaad performances and an amateurish sensibility. on the other side, i found the simulated sex scenes not as hot as some of their other flicks (like vampire vixens, gladiator eroticus, spiderbabe or mistress frankenstein).misty mundae is always a 10 on the peter meter, as is darian caine. i found barbara joyce hot in a school-marm kinda way, and ruby larocca a sexy little hottie.watch this with the remote firmly in your (free) hand, on a night when you need a break from porn. don't waste your time wanting to check the story - you've got better things to do w/ your life. it is not a movie, it's pure t&a, but not bad by that standard.

a film written and directed by neil young, "greendale" is little more than an 87-minute music video set to a doxen or so of the songwriter's works. in lieu of dialogue, the film relies exclusively on young's lyrics, which are heavily laced with sociopolitical commentary, to tell the "story" while actors act out the scenes.given the hammy performances and the shoddy graininess of the picture, the effect is the equivalent of young blowing up some of his own home movies and releasing them for public consumption. although there is allegedly a "story" running through the film, we really have no idea what is going on thanks mainly to the unpolished look of the film, the lack of dialogue and the amateurish ineptitude of the acting. all we get for eighty-seven minutes is a bunch of aging hippies cavorting silently through an incoherent narrative while young's songs play endlessly on the soundtrack. the whole thing turns into a tedious exercise in self-indulgence. "greendale" gives off-hollywood, low budget movie-making a bad name.

i'm a big mark for the music of neil young, and with that and the glowing praise the film received in many alt-indie press circles, hit the first showing of greendale i could find. my excitement was short-lived, as this turgid storyline and weak lyrical momentum left most filmgoers either asleep or disappointed.neil says the film started as a soundtrack, and the characters came to life so much that they just filmed the soundtrack. not the best way to craft a story. no character really has an arc, and when "significant" events do happen, the viewer doesn't cared, because film technique annoyance levels are so high by that point. the film is all song, and to that end, the characters on end mouth the lyrics as they're sung...the technique works for the first stanza it is done, and is grating on the nerves after that. it doesn't feel real or fake, it just feels unwelcome.terrible acting, with characters finding one mood and playing all of it. poor lighting at times. the only kudos i can give the film are in regard to several scenes shot as newscast, but the technique is so used in cinema today that this film did little to further it. an alright soundtrack, but nothing i'm quick to buy. a bad film.

i had the distinct misfortune of catching up on two of 2004's worst films back to back this morning: first, the incoherent cgi-driven emptiness of the chronicles of riddick, and then, the embarrassing vanity project known as greendale. one cost multimillions and the other cost pennies, but they're both bad. really, really bad. up front i should state i'm not the world's biggest neil young fan, but he has contributed his share of classic tunes: from buffalo springfield (whose best recordings were young compositions) to rust never sleeps, harvest, and mirror ball, the man has penned some really great songs. sadly, there are no great songs in greendale, and precious few good ones, and the film around which they are built is truly cringeworthy and simplistic political sloganeering. completely without merit as art and unimpressive as polemic, greendale is best left forgotten. buy the book if you feel compelled to contribute to young's bank account.

i saw this movie a few months ago in the town which appeared as greendale in the movie, which is the only reason i went to see it. another local who was there just forwarded to me an email announcement of a repeat showing because the first had sold out and people were turned away. his editorial comment in his forward is a good summary:"yuk."unless you're a neil young fan or live in/near "greendale" (if the latter you know the real name), skip this movie. it's mostly an ego trip for the filmmaker. it has no discernible plot, the music is merely ok, and too much of the lyrics are unintelligible making it impossible to follow what little shreds of plot there may be.i don't need to put in a spoiler warning because there are no surprises to give away.i'd give this a 1.5/10, but that's just for the amusement value of seeing the locales made into a movie. it wasn't worth the $6. i could rent a video camera and drive around "greendale" and make a better movie myself.if you want to see a *good* environmental-message movie with no plot, go rent koyaanisqatsi.

i have seen many a horror flick in my time, all of them absurdly bad, but none reach the depths that this piece of trash lowers itself to. this movie made me angrier and angrier as i watched it as i tried to wrap my head around exactly what this movie was about. now, after i've seen it, i understand - sort of - what was going on and why, but the movie itself is just too confusing to be enjoyable when you're watching it. yes, there are the customary scenes of gratuitious violence, one-liners that show the mind-blowing insightfulness of its characters ("the highway belongs to me...me!"), and enough nudity to sufficiently distract us from the "plot", but still you'll leave this movie feeling alone and taken advantage of, like a puppy who isn't wanted anymore and is left in a box by the side of the road. blech.

in this short an urban man and his wife have their weird lives set akimbo when the man takes to wearing an old red pants suit of his mother in law's.i kept watching this hoping that i could see why it had been made, or why the other reviewers found it funny. for me it was a total waste of time.not everyone's tastes are the same but this was clearly not to mine.

although the actors were good, specially fritzi haberland as the blind lilly, the film script is obsessively pretentious and completely arbitrary. a famous theatre director (hilmir snær guðnason), becoming blind after a car accident, is on the run for himself and his destiny. lilly, being sightless since her birth, is teacher for blind persons, and wants to make him "seeing" again. (blind persons are seeing with their fingers, nose and ears.) here this movie is becoming a roadmovie; and the longer the road becomes, the closer their relation develops, which was predictable since the beginning of the film. the theatre director is on the road to his mother (jenny gröllmann). his mother is living somewhere in russia on the sea and making artistic installations - of course, what should she do other! - and she is still living, because she is waiting his son, to die. my god! this are destinies!finally the son arrived! mum is celebrating a big party! at the beach. wind is blowing and a pianist is playing on a real piano in the middle of a dune. yes, they are celebrating her farewell. the son arrives just in time. mother can finally swallow the pills administered by a pretty nurse. now a great artist can die in the arms of her great artist son, speaking sad contemplations about live in perfect german, while the son is answering with a rough accent. because the son is unable to see, he is not falling in love to the nurse, - the film script would have become also too complicate! - but is looking for lilly on the way back to home.parallel to this roadmovie the sister of lilly, staying at home is asking a gawky schoolmate to deflower her, who has first to booze himself to courage. the occasion is favourable. because mum (tina engel) is on journey together with the lover of lilly, paul (harald schrott). they are after lilly, to bring her back. paul and the mother of lilly are not falling in love, because the film script would have become too complicate. the film script missed to make out of paul something exceptional too. i would suggest an architect or a pianist, or course a famous one! when they finally find lilly, they want to convince her, to come back to paul, because he has two eyes to see and is able to care for her. but lilly felt in love to his pupil, the theatre director; did i mention, that he was even a famous theatre director?this is german film art! as you may see in this pretentious production, that the german film subsidy fund is not always producing good films, because they subsidy just such kind of pseudo intellectual films. this film is really embarrassing. i have the impression, that the film script has been cobbled together from some highbrows in coffee shops and restaurants. everybody is entitled to contribute with an idea. probably also til schweiger has contributed with some intellectual flash of wit, being a co-producer. i was reminded by this film script to an other german film of absolute painfulness: "barfuss" - already the spelling of the title is not right! "barfuss" dvd cover writes proudly: "a til schweiger film". this film got also subsidies of filmstiftung nrw, filmförderung hamburg and the ffa.please don't spoil your time with this film! there are really good films in germany. watch out for film directors like marcus h. rosenmüller, joseph vilsmaier, hans steinbichler, hans-christian schmid, faith akin ...

this film started out very promising with the story about a director who loses his sight and a blind woman who is bound to help him. however, somewhere in the middle it seemed like the script writers didn't know where to go from there.one unbelievable event followed the next (russia must be very small because they are all bumping into each other all the time), the motivation of the female lead character comprehensible (why does she still follow him after they got off the ship? why doesn't she try to borrow a mobile phone on the ship to call somebody?), the side stories were completely ridiculous (was the story with the mother and the boyfriend supposed to be funny? and what was the story with the younger sister about?). still with all this seeming arbitrariness of the plot, the movie managed to be completely predictable.the saddest thing about it is that there was a lot of potential. as i said, the idea of the film was good, the visuals and the score were very beautiful and the actors of the main characters were good, too. so this could have been a really good film... but it wasn't.

given the people involved, it is hard to see why this movie should be so messed up and dull. the writer, david ward, wrote the amazing caper film "the sting" two years later, jane fonda had just won an academy award for klute, and donald sutherland had just done excellent work in films like "klute," "start the revolution without me," and "kelly's heroes." plotwise, the movie is a caper tale, with a small gang of bumbling misfits planning a big heist. at the same time the movie wants to be hip satire, a series of comedy sketches of the type that the nbc television show "saturday night" would do so well two years later. the bad result is that the plot makes the comedy bits seem awkward and forced and the disconnected comedy bits destroy any kind of suspense that the heist might have. it is quite literally a movie that keeps smashing into itself, just as the cars in the cars in the demolition scenes run into each other.the only real interest for me was watching jane fonda. her "iris caine" is supposed to be a light hearted version of her dramatic bree daniels prostitute character in "klute" yet, one doesn't believe her for a moment. it is always jane fonda pretending to be a prostitute that we are watching. it is as terrible a performance as her performance in "klute" was terrific. it would be a good lesson for acting teachers to run the two films together to show how the same actress in the same type of role can be great or pathetic. it suggests that actors are only as good as their writers and directors.

this is one of the worst movies i've seen in a long time. not just the story, but the acting is shockingly bad. the dialog sounds like someone reading the news.this is rated as comedy/drama/romance, it's not of those things ! it's a little action, that's it. there's really no comedy and drama at all.if you went to the cinema to see this i feel sorry for you. i would not recommend it at all. pretty much anything else that you choose to look at will be better. this is pretty much a action/crime movie. the actions scenes sucked, and crime story part of it was very predictable.if you are not really interested in a good story, or good acting. and you simply want to look at a 'foreign' film for the appeal of being foreign. then this might be for you.

unbelievably bad acting, a no good, unclear story and flashy images and slow-motions where they are needed the least: adrenaline is everything a movie should not be.georgina verbaan (a so-and-so dutch soap actress who hasn't attended her english classes) plays rich girl freya, who has the habit of 'thrill-seeking'. which basicly is doing dangerous stunts, break stuff and annoy people. and not in a fun jackass way. then there's dracko (rivas). he kinda leads the bunch but has other illegal activities on the side. then there's freya's dad (lockyer), who plays a dubious role as well. and, in the end, we got jason (debutant fyall), the boyfriend of freya.one day, freya gets disappeared and everybody seems involved but we, the viewer really don't care as nobody of the cast is either likable or believable, and the story doesn't make any sense.why was this even made? 2/10.

i caught this cuban film at at an arthouse film club. it was shown shortly after the magisterial 1935 silly symphony cartoon where the isle of symphony is reconciled with the isle of jazz. what with the recently deceased ruben gonzalez piped through speakers in this old cinema-ballroom and a cuban flag hanging from peeling stucco rocaille motifs, the scene was set for a riproaring celebration of engaged filmmaking and synchronised hissing at the idiocies of helms-burton. but then the film started. and the cinema's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the shoddy mess on-screen.the storyline of nada mas promises much. carla is a bored envelope-stamper at a cuban post office. her only escape from an altogether humdrum existence is to purloin letters and rewrite them, transforming basic interpersonal grunts into brontëan outbursts of breathless emotion. cue numerous shots of photogenic cubans gushing with joy, grief, pity, terror and the like.the problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is marred by endless excursions into film-school artiness, latino caricature, marx brothers slapstick and even - during a particularly underwhelming editing trick - the celluloid scratching of a schoolkid defacement onto a character's face.unidimensional characters abound. cunda, the boss at the post office, is a humourless dominatrix-nosferatu. her boss-eyed accomplice, concha, variously points fingers, eavesdrops and screeches. cesar, the metalhead dolt and romantic interest, reveals hidden writing talent when carla departs for miami. a chase scene (in oh-so-hilarious fast-forward) is thrown in for good measure. all this would be fine in a mortadello and filemon comic strip, but in a black-and-white zero-fx flick with highbrow pretensions, ahem.nada mas attempts to straddle the stile somewhere between the 'quirky-heroine-matchmakes-strangers' of amelie and the 'poetry-as-great-redeemer' theme of il postino. like amelie, its protagonist is an eccentric single white female who combats impending spinsterdom by trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers. and like il postino, the film does not flinch from sustained recitals of poetry and a postman on a bicycle takes a romantic lead. unfortunately, nada mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film.there are two things that might merit watching this film in a late-night tv stupor. the first is the opening overhead shot of carla on a checker-tiled floor, which cuts to the crossword puzzle she is working on. the second is to see nada mas as a cautionary example: our post buena vista social club obsession with cuban artistic output can often blinker us into accepting any dross that features a bongo on the soundtrack. this film should not have merited a global release - films such as waiting list and guantanamera cover similar thematic territory far more successfully.

very poor effort that offers pretty much nothing to anyone but a hardcore fan of stanley tucci, who tries, but can not save the poor structure, dialogue, direction, or talent of our leading man.pretty much the only trick this plodding tale of a naive new salesman for an alarm company has, is its quirky side characters. but without a realistic backdrop, such characters are pointless.nothing to see here, keep moving...

pointless, humourless drivel.....meant to be a comedy; but not one laugh in the whole film. gratuitous violence often with guns. what kind of warped mentality can either make or say this is a good film?! 1 out of 10.

what a horrible comedy. totally lame. the supposed "humor" was simple and stupid. stanly tucci (a great actor) had the only parts worth chuckling at. and he was tied up and gagged at the time. don't waste your time with this one. it deserves a 0/10.

...am i missing something here??? "unexpected plot developments"? "plot twisting with subversive glee"? are these viewers watching the same arquette vehicle to which i just subjected myself (in an now-obvious sub(un)conscious bout of sadomasochism)...i just joined this site simply to make sure that no one else ever rents this stinker...this movie was an embarrassment to every single person involved...quick question: did sir stevie read the script before he gave the thumbs-up to kate c.? if so, then it must be the same spielberg who greenlighted "howard the duck"...don't give me that, "it was a hit play" crap--i'm guessing mssr. reddin ain't too pleased ...the dvd cover promised "surprising corners" and a "twisted story..." story!!story?? it's crap like this that make old bobby mckee and his wandering band of structuralists sound like geniuses...sundance??berlin??toronto?? i have a home video of my cat farting that evokes more interest than arquette's negatively-dimensional portrayal of anguished loss...and, talk about deux ex machina for mr. stanley t.; thank god, just in the nick o time he thought to have dave call the cops! and thank shiva that the cops had just caught the true killer...what!!! up until the credits i was still waiting for it to be some kind of grift against arquette and his "hidden millions"...no, mrs. spielberg, you don't escape unscathed: what the hell was that kitchen scene with the "athlete's foot in my crotch" gag??? are you worse in this or "just cause"?? i dunno...hey film lovers: why don't you make it a blockbuster night and rent this along with "jersey girl" and "white chicks" and then commit sepukka (or is it seppuka)...and take e. dunsky with you....

what begins as a fairly clever farce about a somewhat shady security monitoring company turns, almost instantaneously, into an uninteresting and completely inane murder mystery. david arquette and the great stanley tucci try mightily to make this train wreck watchable, but some things are just not humanly possible.what, for instance, causes gale to turn suddenly from a sweet motherly figure into a drunken shrew at tommy's parents house? why would heinrich, although admittedly a sleezebag, want to destroy the business to which he devotes his life, by robbing and possibly murdering his customers? why does the seemingly sensible tommy believe that heinrich could be a murderer (based almost entirely on a dream), and even if that were believable, why wouldn't he go to the police? and why didn't gale activate the alarm when she got home, especially after scolding howie about it being off? of course, all of these events are necessary for the plot (and i use the term very, very loosely) to unfold. and it might be forgivable if it resulted in even the slightest bit of comedy. but everything, from howie's description of his date rape, to the coroner's misidentification of gale, to the final "joke" about gale and howie still being dead, is more tasteless and pathetic than anything else.i checked the box indicating that my comments contained "spoilers", but there's nothing more i or anyone else could do to spoil this thing that already stinks to high heaven.

david arquette is a young and naive home security alarmsalesman taken under the wing of stanley tucci. arquette is agolden boy, scoring a big sale on his first call- to widow katecapshaw and her dopey son ryan reynolds. things are goingwell for arquette, he is appearing in commercials for the securityfirm and he is falling in love with capshaw.then tucci and his right hand woman mary mccormack let him inon a little secret- they sometimes break into the houses of theirclients in order to scare them and to get their neighbors to buysecurity systems from the firm. arquette decides not to getinvolved, taking capshaw to meet his family, and going through lifewith a goofy smile on his face. then, someone breaks intocapshaw's home and murders her and her son. arquette suspects tucci, and sets a series of traps, resulting in a gun to hisboss' head as tucci pleads his innocence.based on a stage play, "the alarmist" is not opened up well. thescenes where arquette takes the capshaw to meet his parentsare badly played and completely unfunny. they are also out of linewith the character capshaw is playing, as she gets drunk and tellssexually explicit stories to arquette's mom michael learned. otherthan these scenes, capshaw is not given much to do, but shedoes a lot with the little she is given.stanley tucci, looking just like terry o'quinn, is a riot as thesecurity firm owner. he is a creep who really does not understandarquette's moral revulsion. however, when he turns into asniveling whiner after arquette kidnaps him, he is hilarious. marymccormack seems to have been groomed for a bigger role, butshe mostly stands around and agrees with tucci. ryan reynoldsis too old to play a dumb teenager, but he is funny, especiallytelling his own explicit sexual story to arquette.the screenplay lurches from romantic comedy to dark comedy toosoon. capshaw meeting the parents is completely unmotivated,except to give her a reason to get out of town so someone canbreak into her house. capshaw and reynolds are in the film justto give arquette a reason to take revenge on tucci.arquette, who has proven he is a good actor, is awful here. herelies on the constipated mugging that got him through thoseat&t ads, and he is not a strong enough presence to build thisweak film around. actually, reynolds might have been a betterchoice in the role.dunsky's direction is good, nothing that will win an oscar soon.christophe beck's light jazzy score recalls the type of film noir thisfilm tries to be, and it is really catchy on top of that.despite the pluses, arquette's failure as a lead and the script'sschizophrenic quality sinks the film. i do not recommend it.this is rated (r) for physical violence, gun violence, some gore,strong profanity, brief female nudity, sexual content, strong sexualreferences, and adult situations.

the alarmist is so abysmally scripted that you have think to yourself why on earth did an up and coming actor like david arquette agree to be in it. it has to be one of the weakest plots i have ever seen and without any humour at all, it borders on the brink of tedious. it staggers along to a dreadful conclusion which appears to only happen because the director got bored and just wanted to wrap up quickly in order to get home for his dinner. stay away!.

i was at this film's premiere at the toronto film festival in 1997. after the screening, when the writer/director and some cast members offered to answer questions, no one could even be bothered to ask any. rarely has a film been so poorly directed (why on earth were random frames snipped out of some scenes?), wretchedly acted (david arquette, to paraphrase dorothy parker, does not run the emotional gamut from a to b. he parks at a and brings a lunch) and utterly pointless. characters behave completely out of character for no reason except to force the plot to move in certain directions. at long last, the film comes to a completely random and pointless end that's supposed to "really make you think." unfortunately, what it makes you think is, "well, there's 90 minutes of my life i'm never getting back."

ghost town starts as kate barrett (catherine hickland) drives along an isolated desert road, her car suddenly breaks down & she hears horses hoofs approaching... deputy sheriff langley (frank luz) of riverton county is called in to investigate kate's disappearance after her father reports her missing. he finds her broken down car & drives off looking for her, unfortunately his car breaks down too & he has to walk. langley ends up at at a deserted rundown ghost town, much to his shock langley soon discovers that it is quite literally a ghost town as it's populated by the ghosts of it's former residents & is run by the evil devlin (jimmie f. skaggs) who has kidnapped kate for reasons never explained & it's up to langley to rescue her & end the towns curse...the one & only directorial effort of richard governor this odd film didn't really do much for me & i didn't like it all that much. the script by duke sandefur tries to mix the horror & western genres which it doesn't do to any great effect. have you ever wondered why there aren't more horror western hybrid films out there? well, neither have i but if i were to ask myself such a question i would find all the answers in ghost town because it's not very good. the two genres just don't mix that well. there are plenty of clichés, on the western side of things there's the innocent townsfolk who are to scared to stand up to a gang of thugs who are terrorising them, the shoot-outs in the main street, saloon bars with swing doors & prostitutes upstairs & horror wise there's plenty of cobwebs, some ghosts, an ancient curse, talking corpses & a few violent kills. i was just very underwhelmed by it, i suppose there's nothing terribly wrong with it other than it's just dull & the two genres don't sit together that well. there are a few holes in the plot too, why did devlin kidnap kate? i know she resembled his previous girlfriend but how did he know that & what was he going to do with her anyway? we never know why this ghost town is full of ghosts either, i mean what's keeping them there & what caused them to come back as ghosts? then there's the bit at the end where devlin after being shot says he can't be killed only for langley to kill him a few seconds later, i mean why didn't the bullets work in the first place?director governor does alright, there's a nice horror film atmosphere with some well lit cobweb strewn sets & the standard hollywood western town is represented here with a central street with wooden buildings lining either side of it. i wouldn't say it's scary because it isn't, there's not much tension either & the film drags in places despite being only just over 80 odd minutes in length. forget about any gore, there a few bloody gunshot wounds, an after the fact shot of two people with their throats slit & someone is impaled with a metal pole & that's it.i'd have imagined the budget was pretty small here, it's reasonably well made & is competent if nothing else. credit where credit's due the period costumes & sets are pretty good actually. the acting is alright but no-ones going to win any awards.ghost town is a strange film, i'm not really sure who it's meant to appeal to & it certainly didn't appeal to me. anyone looking for a western will be annoyed with the dumb horror elements while anyone looking for a horror film will be bored by the western elements. it's something a bit different but that doesn't mean it's any good, worth a watch if your desperate but don't bust a gut to see it.

there is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is "the pagemaster".i found this out when i watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years. i remember hating it with a passion when it first came out, but this time, i found that the special effects are quite good. the plot is just "the neverending story" with a creativity-endectomy, but it's an okay little flick for anyone who just wants some really awesome eye-candy. the animation is amazing, and i especially liked how the animators let their characters look and act a bit more surrealistic than the norm. i'm giving it a grade of three as i *would* have given it a two (just for parody value) if i had ever decided to watch this movie expecting it to absolutely blow my mind story-wise.

"i'm a cartoon!" "you're an illustration!" what does that suppose to mean?! this plot could not be worse as a boy, who's afraid of everything, becomes very brave at the very end of the film because he went into a library. the only purpose of this waste of celluloid was to encourage american kids to read, when a cheaper, and more effective way of doing this could have been a series of adverts! even the talents of macaulay culkin(as the kid), christopher lloyd (as the so predictable "that he's a the page master" librarian), could save this pointless film from the dull plot. even the voices of whoopi goldberg, patrick stewart,(even) leonard nimoy, or the hollywood god of voices, frank welker as the cartoon characters don't save it ever. i can only describe it as a 1990s equivalent to the even ghastly 1978 adaption of the water babies, because the bland animation makes the film worse, not improving the dull plot!

richard tyler is a little boy who is scared of everything. he doesn't like riding his bike or climbing on his tree house because he knows what kind of accidents might happen to him. so one day he is riding his bike and because it is starting to rain, he decides to wait in the library until it stops raining. in there the whole story takes place. he experiences all kinds of staff and in the end he is not scared any more. but the whole story is unbelievable and even good actors like macaulay culkin could not make the story better than it is.

about 4 years ago, i liked this movie. i would watch it over and over and over. but now... i don't. actually, i think this movie would have been great for mystery science theater 3000. it has a bunch of comment-heavy actors (macaulay culkin, christopher lloyd, patrick stewart, whoopi goldberg), and a pretty cheesy plot. my favorite part is when culkin is riding his bike and he comes across a gang and a gang member says, "hey, tyler! where ya goin'? the moon??" also look out for the classic line, "do you have feeling in your toes?"on the other hand, it's better than "the good son".

the beginning of this movie is excellent with tremendous sound and some nice humor, but once the film changes into animation it quickly loses its appeal.one of the reasons that was so, at least for me, was that the colors in much of the animation are too muted, with too little contrast. it doesn't look good, at least on vhs. once in a while it breaks out and looks great, but not often also, the characters come and go too quickly. for example, i would have liked to have seen more of "moby dick." when the film starts to drag, however, it picks up again with the entrance of the dragon and then the film finishes strong. overall, just not memorable enough or able to compete with the great animated films of the last dozen years.

wow, i'm a huge henry viii/tudor era fan and, well, this was .... interesting. the only one i watched was the catherine of aragon one. and wow...just wow. i've seen bad acting before, but this reached new heights. when the actress who played catherine was umm.. crying? she wails and screams and i have to admit i rewinded many times... many, many times .... funny, funny stuff. the only person who even showed any slight sliver of talent was the actress playing anne boleyn (i might be prejudiced though, i do have a slight obsession with anne boleyn, she was a really facinating woman, read up on her, it's worth it!) also, i have read a lot about the tudor time period and i think that the characters weren't very acurately displayed, they were all very stereotypical. only see this movie if you are prepared to see a very important time period, and the important lives of those involved turned into a laughing stock.

having just wasted a couple of hours watching this and for 80% of that time in complete disbelief, i can give this garbage the turkey of the year award, no problem. to say the plot was unbelievable is some big understatement. frankly i am lost for words to describe this utter tripe. not only are the characters completely and utterly without any semblance of originality (this sort of stuff has been done much better in dozens of 'serial killer flicks')but the acting was dire. for those who pay to see this, i hope you get your money back, for those who were paid to do this, i hope you give your money back. believe me folks there are many new releases out there that are much, much better. go see.

i had a recent spectator experience with the perfect witness (2007) because the netflix computer recommendation engine suggested i watch this film. apparently, at some point, i told it how much i liked michael haneke's, benny's video. i don't know about you, but this parallel being drawn provoked in me a maelstrom of emotion and excitement over thomas c. dunn's film and made the allocation of my time toward it virtually impossible to refuse. just this kind of recommendation from the netflix computer intelligence, for me, had the aesthetic/moral movie bar set to level so high that, upon reflection, it represented something pretty much unaccomplished in every film produced in the year 2007.having prefaced my response to the film that way, i'm going to proceed in knocking this picture down as poorly executed and banal; and i really hate to do that because i think our boy, wes bentley, happens to be not only one of the most interesting young faces in contemporary cinema, but also one its most overlooked and underrated screenacting talents in the us. i'm more than moderately concerned that the poor guy's going to miss the fame ship if he keeps fiddling around with first time movie directors like this.the perfect witness is about micky (wes bentley), who, about thirty, still lives with mom ("you're not drinkin' again area ya's?"), but he's a "filmmaker" or at the very least some kind of street-level voyeur with a pension for shooting would-be johns in the seedy back alleys of philadelphia with his dvx 100b. out there, doing his private investigator-like drills, micky "inadvertently" video-tapes a brutal murder on a hapless early-twenty-ish coed with his hand held camcorder. baring the notion in mind that snuff and movies as cultural currency can be his equated with his ticket out of the white urban ghetto (and not to the debts of his unwitting friends and relatives who put up the money for his atrocious films), micky approaches the assailant, james lemac (mark borkowski: also takes a writing credit) or "mac the knife" –whichever- and blackmails the killer into making a documentary about his murder impulses, holding this found footage over the attacker with threats of the police.the problem with this movie is not that no interesting ideas exist because they do. while both the writing and direction are amateurish, that alone doesn't make a film bad. it's that these guys commit a rather poor assumption that what they are presenting is shocking in the context of a culture in which just about any person in the free world with access to a private computer can log-on to the web and catch the veracity of the action of a beheading on their little mac or pc. no film relies on shock value alone any more (unless of course, ironically, it's a film about torture on animals) and therefore cinematic images of violence (real or fake) have less and less cultural capital with each year that passes. also, we've got this astounding actor-talent in the lead all styled-up, real hip guy: his two inch beard and skull cap with the little bill on it, backwards, just like the dork from high school who craved after the potential services of my primary love interest –same guy who just now calls himself a "poet."spare me. "i'm an artist," "i'm a filmmaker." okay. please do, carry on with that shtick, cronnie. seems to have bought you a lot of expensive 35mm stock. and go ahead, you can wear all the accrutements of a "creative" but don't expect us top respond to you, to follow your below average character through your two hour movie while you take down wes bentley's career. why don't we just let history speak to the merits of what you do, filmmaker guy. my guess is history will eventually have say something about that –like, probably that's in not is good as you think it is. and yeah, odds are you'll be laying the blame on your dear ole ma, end up like our man micky here in the perfect witness; hooked on smack and covered in your buddy's blood with a video camera in your hand. great.

another day stuck indoors, another film to watch. having finally completed my christmas shopping yesterday on a cold and foggy afternoon, i had nowhere else to go to escape "the land that time forgot". or rather, i had nothing else to watch.doug mcclure, that bastion of leading-man actors, leads a handful of allied sailors sunk by a u-boat somewhere in the atlantic in 1916. capturing the u-boat (in a scene that defies logic and reason), they eventually find themselves on a strange island, apparently untouched by human hands. together, they explore the land and discover dinosaurs and neanderthals! can they escape before becoming a permanent resident of the land that time forgot? despite being made few years before "star wars", these films are light-years apart in terms of special effects. the model shots are little better than anything you would expect to see in an episode of gerry anderson's "stingray" and the creatures aren't much better either. when the t-rex (i'm assuming that's what it was) was killed, it fell in the same way that zombies do when you kill them - frozen in mid-walk and collapsing, arms and legs held out like a sleeping cow that's been pushed over. granted, the sets aren't too bad but the lousy acting and endless explosion noises (which all sound the same) do their best to ruin credibility and your enjoyment of the picture as a whole. characters are neither believable or worthy of your sympathy as they fire their guns at seemingly anything that moves. in the end, i just didn't care if they got off the island or not and by the time the end came, i was more relieved than entertained.costumes are authentic enough until the cavemen arrive and it is bear-skin bikinis and loin cloths all round. and although it was fairly obvious from their actions, you wouldn't have known that some characters were german from their accents. the whole thing just lacked some polish and cohesion, leaving the viewer confused in places and nonplussed in others. overall, this film barely registers a ripple of excitement these days although you can find some small amusement in trying to work out where colin farrell is. i spotted his name in the credits and half expected a baby to appear with an irish accent and suspect facial hair. oh well. nothing particularly great here to see then, but just about ok if you're eating your lunch and the weather is preventing further activity.

i rented this movie, thinking it looked like a wonderfully delightful historical piece. what i got was a piece of pure garbage. this movie was confusing in most spots, choppy in almost every spot and dreadful in all spots. mira sorvino's portrayal of a queen playing a young male scholar was depressing at best. ben kingsley should have been stripped of his knighthood for even considering this film as one of his projects. fiona shaw should definitely stick to playing petunia dursley; at least the harry potter movies are more entertaining than this thing they call a play within a movie.the cinematography looks like some college kid took a class in cinematography 101 and failed miserably. almost every scene in the movie is chopped up for some sort of effect; the end result of course being the cheesiest bit of editing i've ever seen. jay rodan was almost good as agis; too bad he had such a bad script to work with. rachael stirling gives her best effort as the almost gullible lady in waiting. in the end, i really wish blockbuster video gave refunds. i'm so glad i didn't spend 10 bucks watching this fiasco in the theater. if they've been performing this marivaux play since the 18th century, it makes me wonder how many people over the ages have had their best naps during this work. if i had been there, they wouldn't have hear the play over the snoring. thank goodness for the modern convenience of dvd players; you can skip past the boring or awful scenes. guess that means i only watched the beginning and the end!

gods, i haven't watched a movie this awful in a long while. maybe not since 'the new guy' or various freddie prinze jr. movies. yes, it is that astoundingly awful. mira sorvino's blank and wooden acting surely must've been inspired by freddie. the movie staging was awkward (like a play, rather, and that feeling of confinement does not work well on film). the actors had no idea what they were doing, especially sorvino. her accent was awful and her sex appeal non-existent here so it was painful to see her 'seducing' other characters and they 'falling' for it. and what was with the occaisional shots of a live audience in lawn chairs? nonsensical! i had to turn the dvd player off, it would have been self-inflicted pain to finish this film.

i gave this movie a rating of 1 (awful). the only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is ben kingsley, who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way.mira sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply can't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece.stupid, stupid story and horrible production. do not waste your video rental $.

"the triumph of love" doesn't triumph over anything. it is a plodding, ponderous, 4 hours of torture. actually it's a little less than 2 hours long, it just seemed much longer. it pains me to even think about the amateurish performances of such fine actors as ben kingsley and fiona shaw. the supporting players are not quite as awful. maybe they were trying to be so over the top, so as to be clownish, but, if so, i didn't see it that way. mira sorvino doesn't make an impression one way or the other. she(he)'s just there. my guess is, the play of the same name, written by marivaux some 270 or so years ago, is much better. it couldn't be any worse. clare peploe, the writer and director of this movie, was inspired by a recent production of the play. i don't know what she was thinking when she created this bomb. maybe it all got lost in the translation.

i borrowed this movie from library think it might be delightful. how wrong am i!it is such a bad movie that i have to write something about it. mira sorvino is so bad in the movie, it is very painful to watch the scene with her. she is a pretty girl, but in this movie, she is not seductive at all, but i will have to witness her awkward attempt to seduce almost all the other major characters. it is so ridiculous.and the dialog of the film is so pretentious, and lack the humorous fact that make then acceptable.totally failure.

that's right, you heard me. i am a huge fan of james patterson. i own 10 of his books, and i have read the entire series about lindsey boxer. in my opinion, the screenwriter should be shot. what right did any film maker have to slaughter a terrific work of fiction and make it into a mockery of the mystery genre? if i ever thought that harry potter was butchered, then michael o'hara has proved me wrong. i can only pray that the next screenwriter who tackles this fabulous book will do it a great deal more justice. to michael o'hara and russell mulcahy: don't quit your day job.

the word "1st" in the title has more ominous meaning for the viewers of this film than for its crime victims. at least they don't have to stick around and watch this interminable film reach its own demise.1st should refer to: 1st draft of a script; 1st takes used in each performance in the final film; 1st edit in post production; etcetera, etcetera.the movie is not cast too badly, it's just that everything about the film come off as worse than third rate, from the goofy script, to the wooden performances. and while suffering through this cobbled together film, by the 2 hour mark you want to be put out of your misery. at 160 minutes long it is readily apparent that it should have been edited to under 2 hours.going into details concerning the lame script and acting serves little purposes. even in the equally awful, lake placid, at least the performances bill pullman and bridget fonda constructed out of an extremely weak script, were nuanced enough to make you laugh at the movie. in 1st to die, one ends up grieving only for the time lost in waiting to see what happens after the opening scene of the preparation of the female lead's suicide.the editing is so bad one is never introduced to one of the main characters, who i think (were never quite told) is a d.a. she just appears in one scene in the middle of a conversation. obviously the scene where she is introduced to the viewer was dropped on the editor's floor. and no one realized that a character appearing out of nowhere was an unusual film ploy.in a word, don't waste your time with this one. my wife and i wish we didn't. but at least we created our own diversions by commenting in various places in the film like it was mystery science theater. "meanwhile, in cleveland . . . ." !!!!

first to die 2003i'll admit my mistake first: i didn't realize this was a made for tv movie. i was "thrown off" by the "r" certification. the plot is strong, but the movie is about 40 minutes too long. the direction and continuity were excellent. for the most part the cast was exceptional and did a good job with their characters. the down side of the movie is that it definitely falls into the "chick flick" genre. although there are some violent scenes, none of the violence should call for an "r" rating. there is no nudity or gratuitous sex scenes. actually, there are no sex scenes. ona grauer (who is absolutely beautiful), kristina copeland, sonya salomaa, and glynis davies were all guests on the sg-1 series, but this movie did nothing to advance their careers since they were all used as low level supporting actresses. robert patrick was fantastic, as he usually is and mitch pileggi made me think of a modern day lee marvin. the very talented megan gallagher who i came to respect as an actor during the millennium series, was given nothing challenging to show her range of abilities. the greatest disappointment with regard to the cast was tracy pollan. aside from being a below average actress and not particularly attractive, her voice is absolutely annoying. i found myself muting the tv during her dialogue. i would recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys the lifetime tv type of programs. i would not recommend paying any money to see this movie however. considering i found nothing that would cause censorship, this is a movie that is worthy for only watching on tv, since nothing will be cut out. as a tv movie i would rate this as a 5 out 10. as a feature film with an "r" certification and such as strong cast, i rate it as a 2 out of ten.

having not read the novel, i can't tell how faithful this film is. the story is typical mystery material: killer targets newlyweds; woman investigator falls in love with her partner and is diagnosed with a fatal disease. yes, it sounds like a soap opera and that's exactly how it plays. the first 2/3 are dull, save for the murders and the last 1/3 makes a partial comeback as it picks up speed toward its twisty conclusion.acting is strictly sub par, though it's hard to blame the actors alone: the screenplay is atrocious. during the last 1/3 you stop noticing because the film actually becomes interesting, but that's only the last 1/3. director russell mulcahy is very much in his element, but there's only so much he can do with a tv budget and the network censors on his back. he's pretty much limited to quick cutting and distorted lenses, though he managed to squeeze in a couple "under the floor" shots during the murders in the club restroom. unfortunately, as this is made for tv, the cool compositional details he uses so well with a wider image are nowhere to be found. note to producers: give this man a reasonable budget and an anamorphic lens when you hire him.summing it up: this film is bad by cinema standards and mediocre by tv standards(watch csi, instead). if you're in the mood for a film like this, i've some excellent suggestions: pick up a copy of dario argento's "deep red"(my highest recommendation; superb film), "opera", or even "tenebre". they're stronger in every category.

another wonderful patterson book made into an incredibly awful movie. if the big budget movies don't work then why make a low budget made for t.v. movie that's 10 times worse! i am desperate for a good movie that will do one of his books justice!

i love a good sappy love story (and i'm a guy) but when i rented "love story" i prayed for the end to come as quickly and painlessly as possible and just the opposite for ali mcgraw's character.ali mcgraw as jenny alienated and irritated the heck out of me within the first 15 minutes. when we learn that she has been diagnosed with a life threatening illness i couldn't help but wonder if her death would be such a terrible loss for poor oliver or if anyone watching this film would even care. if she didn't die her grating personality would probably have pushed oliver over the edge and eventually landed them in divorce court.people love this movie but it's one of the worst of the 70's.

one of the previous reviewers wrote that there appeared to be no middle ground for opinions of love story; one loved it or hated it. but there seems to be a remarkable distribution of opinions throughout the scale of 1 to 10. for me, this movie rated a 4. there are some beautiful scenes and locations, and ray milland turns in a fabulous job as oliver's father. but the movie did not do a particularly compelling job of telling its story, and the story was not so unique as to warrant multiple viewings, at least, not for me. i may be a bit of a snob, but i tend to avoid movies with ryan o'neal -- i still haven't seen barry lyndon -- because most of them, but not all, are ruined for me by his presence. the lone exception is what's up, doc?, in which his straight performance is the perfect underlining for barbra streisand's goofball protagonist -- and, not coincidentally, he takes a shot at love story for good measure! mcgraw and o'neal tend to mug their lines, rather than act them.this movie is notable for the beginning of one fine career: it was tommy lee jones's first movie.

this 1970 hit film has not aged well, but frankly, it was not that good when it was released. yet, it was a hugely popular success perhaps because the idea of fatalistic young love must have appealed to audiences saturated by constant tv coverage of the vietnam war. the plot is pure drivel as it concerns oliver barrett iv, a privileged harvard hockey player, who meets and falls in love with jenny cavelleri, an antagonistic vassar music student proud of her working class background. his old-school father naturally disapproves of jenny, and in a typical act of rebellion, that means the young couple gets married in one of those hippie-era, extemporaneous ceremonies. he lands his dream job in new york, but she gets unexpectedly ill and dies of her terminal disease. there is a veneer of then-contemporary film-making techniques displayed by director arthur hiller, but none of that can hide the old-fashioned, cliché-ridden story at its core. the inevitable ending left me particularly unmoved.both ryan o'neal and ali macgraw became stars with this movie as oliver and jenny but inexplicably so since neither seems able to convey the depth or complexity required to make their characters compelling. at least the boyish o'neal is sincere in his weakly defiant approach, but macgraw is so wooden and smirky in behavior that it's hard to see what oliver sees in jenny beyond her sarcastic façade. john marley (two years before finding the decapitated racehorse in his bed in "the godfather") does better as jenny's plainspoken baker father phil, as does ray milland as the seemingly insensitive barrett paterfamilias. the overly familiar frances lai music has almost become parody in itself over the years. the print quality on the dvd is good, though the only extra is a rather effusive commentary track by hiller. the most interesting bit of trivia is that author erich segal (upon whose book this movie is based) conceived oliver as a mix between two harvard roommates he knew – vice president al gore and actor tommy lee jones, who happens to have a bit part in the movie as one of oliver's roommates.

**** spoiler warning ****absolutely without a doubt, one of the funniest comedies ever created for the screen. totally impossible to take any of this seriously. it would take a major novel to list all of the comedy routines in it. during the glory days of her program, carol burnett and company, who often did take-offs on films, skewered this one in ways that were hard to imagine. carol played jenny who suddenly became ill with only a slight cough and immediately the treacly music came up and everyone looked around wondering where it was coming from. harvey korman played oliver with flowing locks and almost look liked ryan o'neal. the only thing funnier than this bit, is the real film.what a death scene at the end. jenny really looks like she's dying alright...dying for her make-up artist to come in and give her a little color. and of course, we all know how often hospitals encourage a loved one to get in bed with them during the patient's final moments. the ending scene with ryan o'neal sitting on a bench in the snow contemplating his future in the movie business is an instant classic. he had plenty to worry about. he never did recover from this.

a wealthy harvard dude falls for a poor radcliffe chick much to the consternation of his strict father (ray milland).syrupy, sugary, and most of all, sappy story about a battle of the 'classes' when rich-kid ryan o'neal brings home a waif of a librarian for his snobbish parents to ridicule. ali macgraw is the social derelict with the filthy mouth while john marley plays her devout-catholic father, but no one in the film is more annoying than o'neal himself with his whimpering portrayal as harvard's champion yuppie.followed 8(!) years later by 'oliver's story'.

i've rarely been as annoyed by a leading performance as i was by ali mcgraw's in this movie. god is she bothersome or what?! she says everything in the same tone and is horrible, so horrible in fact that, by contrast, ryan o'neal is brilliant. there is not much of a story. he's rich, she's wooden, they both have to sacrifice a lot for love. his father is stonewall jackson, hers is called by his first name, in case you didn't notice the difference in the two of them that they overcame in the name of love. the oscar nominations for this movie indicate it had to have been a bad year. john marley is fine as wooden's father, but a supporting nomination? at least ali didn't win. i still think katharine ross should have played jennifer, but then again, if it were up to me, katharine ross would have been in a lot more movies. she's certainly a better actress than mcgraw. i didn't even cry when she got sick, never occured to me to even feel sad. it was nice to see tommy lee jones looking like he was about 15, and the score is good. but this one is so old by now it has a beard a mile long, and the sin of that is its not that old, but it feels it.

a very slick modern (keeping it sensually hip) revamp on the dracula story (although staying with the traditional customs) with quite an interesting, if not fully grasped back story of the prince of darkness. the first time i tried watching it i could only make it halfway through, before losing interest. again it gets off to a good start (especially the scenes with the thieves and then their encounters with dracula), but then for me it got less involving when it hits new orleans to focus on van helsing's daughter. a great place to set it, but never took advantage of its settings (despite etching a paradise in damn, where dracula could flourish). produced by wes carven (and yeah they throw that name out there), but written / directed by patrick lussier. artistically it had its moments with few dreamlike visuals, but some kinetic editing and cheap jolts don't help. the messy script does get considerably silly. lussier does a polished job that remains rather glassy, inserting a lot of blood (the make-up is suitably achieved) and a lot of "virgin" advertising. no i don't mean virgins, it's the music company, as it does get in numerous shots and helsing's daughter works there too. oh that wasn't obvious planting. the soundtrack is an amusing choice of rock tunes. now the performances are all over the shop, but there are few familiar faces to spot (danny masterson, sean patrick thomas, nathan fillion, shane west and lochlyn munro). gerard butler as dracula just didn't come off, as not much of a presence was formed. he was simply out-shined by the succulent ladies of the night; jennifer esposito, colleen fitzpatrick and jeri ryan as dracula's brides. the likes of jonny lee millar and justine waddell are respectably okay. christopher plummer gives out a grizzled turn as van helsing and omar epps has fun with his role.

put the blame on executive producer wes craven and financiers the weinsteins for this big-budget debacle: a thrash-metal updating of "dracula", with a condescending verbal jab at bram stoker (who probably wouldn't want his name on this thing anyway) and nothing much for the rest of us except slasher-styled jolts and gore. christopher plummer looks winded as van helsing in the modern-day--not just a descendant of van helsing but the real thing; he keeps himself going with leeches obtained from count dracula's corpse, which is exhumed from its coffin after being stolen from van helsing's vault and flown to new orleans. this is just what new orleans needs in the 21st century! the film, well-produced but without a single original idea (except for multi-racial victims), is both repulsive and lazy, and after about an hour starts repeating itself. * from ****

dracula 2000 is a horror film that was continually shown on sky movies in britain and considering it seemed to be screened about three times a week for a whole year i have absolutely no idea how i managed to miss it until it`s first broadcast on network television tonight . actually seeing as i`m not much of a fan of horror movies the reason was probably down to my theory that this was going to be tripe . my theory was proved right for the most part !!!!! minor spoilers !!!!!what makes dracula 2000 such a bad movie is the amount of dumb scripting involved . for example early in the film the bad guys are flying dracula`s coffin from london to america ( in a twin engine turbo prop plane ! ) and one of the bad guys is left alone in the cargo hold where dracula comes to life . a fight breaks out , there`s lots of noise but the bad guys in the cockpit don`t hear a sound until the script demands it . it also appears in this segment`s climax that dracula can control the weather but this seems forgotten about as the film progresses . sloppy scripting , and there also seems to be a problem with the structure where there`s numerous scenes of characters being at the new orleans mardi gras then the characters being at a different location such as police station in the following scene then they`re back at the mardi gras the scene after that which means the lack of credibilty in the plot is enhanced there`s something else that yanked my chain - product placement . there`s umpteen scenes where the logo for a certain record label/retailer chain is in full view . i won`t dare publicise the company brand ( except to say they also run a train company which is a national joke in britain ) but i was under the impression this type of advertising was against british broadcasting guidlines and i`m surprised the bbc showed this movie if that`s the case there are some positives in dracula 2000 like the visuals for example . this is actually a good looking movie with a good looking cast and boy were those vampire chicks hot , but it`s something we should expect from hollywood over the last few years - a very good looking movie that`s very dumb

this has to be one of the worst movies i've ever seen. this movie has nothing positive about it. some of you people actually like this movie! i've seen a lot of dracula movies and i've liked everyone that i've seen, but when i saw this movie i said to myself, "what the hell is this?" what a stupid movie. now they have dracula becoming who he is because he is judas. for those of you who don't know who judas is, he betrayed jesus christ and then felt so guilty he hung himself. you have to be kidding me. that's the dumbest reason i've ever heard for why dracula became evil. who asked for a reason anyway? what a piece of sh** this movie is. who ever came up with this sorry excuse for a movie should be beaten. even the dracula is horrible. if you ever saw this movie you wouldn't even think it was dracula. wow, dracula 2000! is that title supposed to impress me? don't waste your time or your money on this trash.

this film is really bad. it maybe harsh, but it is. it really is. poor script, every vampire cliché in the book is used, and no sympathy is given at all to the origins of the main character ... i.e. ole dracula. there have been some truly brilliant dracula/vampire movies in the past, but this doesn't even make it into the "dire" slot.take a selection of people who seem to have dropped out of a teen-slasher move, add a dribble of dracula lore and mix in a heady tonic of religious/surreal day-dreaming ... and you get a confusing mess of a film - dracula 2000.i really cannot find any good things to say about this movie, as if it wasn't bad enough that it was made in the first place, they seem to have made johnny lee miller effect an english accent ... whats the problem with that i hear you cry ... well, he is english, but he sounds like an american trying to do an english accent.all in all you may as well say your money (if you were thinking of buying it), or rent it out, watch it, and discover for yourself why it's about as scary as the tellytubbies.p.s. although la la is pretty frightening!

please don't waste your time. this movie rehashes the worst of bram stoker's dracula (van helsing), anne rice's vampire lestat (rock music and silly biblical references), and blade (high-tech toys). i really like vampire movies and novels, and there are many out there that are very good . but not this stinker. not even the soundtrack helps it, mostly because the movie resorts to ridiculous scary classical music rather than the "kick-ass metal" some reported. only a few times did i hear any metal; mostly it was tortured violins. avoid it like garlic and crucifixes.

i saw this movie for 2 reasons--i like gerard butler and christopher plummer. unfortunately, these poor men were forced to carry a pretty dumb movie. i liked the idea that dracula is actually a reincarnation of judas iscariot, because it does explain his disdain for all things christian, but there was so much camp that this idea was not realized as much as it could have been. i see this movie more as a way for the talented gerard butler to pay his dues before being truly recognized and a way for the legendary christopher plummer to remind the public (me and the 5 other people who saw this film) that he still exists. i actually enjoyed the special features on the dvd more than the movie itself.

lois weber, self proclaimed missionary via the cinema, wrote, directed and produced other films on controversial subjects, but this may be the first to get wide viewing, thanks to tcm. this film is her indictment of abortion, but she cleverly muddles the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control, leaving the impression that they are somehow equivalent to abortion. her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here, but one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them less didactically. if you have wondered what tyrone power, jr.'s "famous father" looked like, here is your chance. 1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece. it's enjoyable even if you don't appreciate the propaganda.

this romantic adventure must have seemed shockingly subversive in its day. a wealthy upper class english woman schemes, plots and manipulates everyone around her for her own satisfaction. she uses her privileged position to embark on secret activities of a decidedly anti-social kind. there's a clever sex-role reversal as her activities prove her more daring and dashing than most of the male characters. but naturally there's a tall, dark and handsome stranger to keep up the love interest, and this wicked lady is not backward in coming forward when she meets the right man.the wishy-washy weakness and gullibility of every other character make the plot unconvincing in the extreme, but those who thirst for romance will overlook that.

the spoilers in this review are offered as a public service, because the only way to enjoy this costume melodrama is to know that our protagonist, the lady barbara skelton, gets raped and gunned down in the end. and not a moment too soon. i'd have shot the screen myself but i was afraid i'd hit james mason.the original 1943 novel, called "the life and death of the wicked lady skelton" (i guess people didn't whine about spoilers back then), was written by a woman, an english navy brat who was either troubled or cynical or both. her heroine is devastatingly beautiful, and the author seems to think that if you have beauty, nothing else matters. but other things do matter, such as the fact that lady barbara's immediate and only response when someone gets in her way is homicide. she murders three men in five attempts. a serial femme fatale, she's got a case of dissocial personality disorder that should have landed her in either bedlam or newgate. lockwood plays her as a narcissistic vamp, wearing so much makeup that i thought of her as a restoration-era joan rivers (or a restoration-era joan rivers, ha!). yet lady b. is irresistible to all three principal male characters-- michael rennie, james mason, and griffith jones, all of whom do good work, as does patricia roc. of course, all three admirers realize in short order what a psychotic bitch barbara is, but the plot keeps them all in her orbit until one of them finally does gun her down - accidentally, in what is meant to be either irony or just desserts. given the dramatic death scene with a boom lifting the camera out through the windows and heavenward, i presume we're meant to give a damn about her death. but hers is the first corpse we don't care about.

bad actors, terrible script, totally unbelievable ending - this film had it all. after seeing films like this, you wonder why the makers bothered at all. this film has absolutely nothing to say, all the methods used to create a scare have been used over and over again in previous horror films. a total waste of time.

this time we get a psycho toy maker named "joe petto" (get it?) who makes living, evil toys that kill people. he goes after the family who has the bad luck of just simply living in the same house where he and his mutant robot son "pino" (again, get it?) used to live.easily the worst (and hopefully [presumably] the last) in this semi - series, this one and the previous one look like soft core porn movies, but without the sex and nudity. it's kind of like a low rent hybrid of "halloween iii", "puppet master", "dolls" and bad home movies. supposedly in 2000 they started to do a sixth chapter in the series, but it was abandoned and never completed. we can all only hope that it stays that way...1/2 a star out of ****

silent night, deadly night 5 is the very last of the series, and like part 4, it's unrelated to the first three except by title and the fact that it's a christmas-themed horror flick.except to the oblivious, there's some obvious things going on here...mickey rooney plays a toymaker named joe petto and his creepy son's name is pino. ring a bell, anyone? now, a little boy named derek heard a knock at the door one evening, and opened it to find a present on the doorstep for him. even though it said "don't open till christmas", he begins to open it anyway but is stopped by his dad, who scolds him and sends him to bed, and opens the gift himself. inside is a little red ball that sprouts santa arms and a head, and proceeds to kill dad. oops, maybe he should have left well-enough alone. of course derek is then traumatized by the incident since he watched it from the stairs, but he doesn't grow up to be some killer santa, he just stops talking.there's a mysterious stranger lurking around, who seems very interested in the toys that joe petto makes. we even see him buying a bunch when derek's mom takes him to the store to find a gift for him to bring him out of his trauma. and what exactly is this guy doing? well, we're not sure but he does seem to be taking these toys apart to see what makes them tick. he does keep his landlord from evicting him by promising him to pay him in cash the next day and presents him with a "larry the larvae" toy for his kid, but of course "larry" is not a good toy and gets out of the box in the car and of course, well, things aren't pretty.anyway, eventually what's going on with joe petto and pino is of course revealed, and as with the old story, pino is not a "real boy". pino is probably even more agitated and naughty because he suffers from "kenitalia" (a smooth plastic crotch) so that could account for his evil ways. and the identity of the lurking stranger is revealed too, and there's even kind of a happy ending of sorts. whee.a step up from part 4, but not much of one. again, brian yuzna is involved, and screaming mad george, so some decent special effects, but not enough to make this great. a few leftovers from part 4 are hanging around too, like clint howard and neith hunter, but that doesn't really make any difference. anyway, i now have seeing the whole series out of my system. now if i could get some of it out of my brain. 4 out of 5.

this movie wasn't that bad when compared to the first two sequels to the original. it's directed by martin kitrosser of friday the 13th fame. the acting is very bad indeed, but the gore and special effects help make it interesting. thats one thing i like about screaming mad george (make up effects artist for the film), his effects are so off-the-wall and bizarre that they will keep you watching a bad movie just to find out how crazy they're gonna get. the movie isn't really all that gory, but there is an extremely nasty eyeball-munching scene in the middle involving a toy maggot (what!?!) mickey rooney makes a guest appearance that he probably wasn't too enthusiastic about but needed the money at the time, possibly? if you liked the weirdo 4th installment (my favorite of all 5), you'll probably like this one. i liked it better than the matrix! enjoy.

warped take on the pinocchio theme, and set during the christmas season(..after the previous entry abandoned ties to christmas) has booby-trapped toys sent to murder a child(..yet through this, other victims are accidentally harmed in the process)perhaps by a toy maker's "son". screaming mad george was responsible for the killer toys(..including a larvae which enters a victim's mouth and out his eye, another where soldier toys actually shoot real bullets at a babysitter after her boyfriend was practically strangled by a severed hand toy, operating from a remote control). the little target is a mute child named derek(william thorne)whose stepdad was murdered by a red ball with extending arms that ensnare his face, causing him to land on a fireplace poker. mother sarah(jane higginson)worries about her son's mental state, figuring his reluctance towards opening presents or, more importantly, talking, derives from watching her husband's horrific murder. derek's real father, noah(tracy fraim)fears for his son't safety, and informs, reluctantly, his ex-girlfriend sarah that the local toymaker, joe petto(mickey rooney)once was arrested for setting traps in toys to harm kids due to the loss of an unborn child when his wife was killed in a car crash..kind of a retaliation in saying that if he couldn't have a son, then others shouldn't either. still quite a heavy drinker(..often seen swigging jack), petto seems to have set aside his feelings towards kids, but his creepy son pino(brian bremer)hasn't and derek he harbors angst towards. why? you'll soon understand.pretty disappointing special effects and rather goofy premise. rooney's name adds an allure to the film, gaining it a notoriety, but his histrionics can only help so much. attractive lead actress higginson(slaughterhouse)and fraim as the man who re-enters her life aren't so bad, but the lame plot that develops is hard to take seriously. i'm guessing that's the point, but rooney has no reason to be in such a film as this..he has no room to bring any personality to his toymaker other than rage and desperation, quite volatile, barely holding himself together as he explodes in anger towards pino, when not downing liquor. bremer is appropriately weird and "robotic" as pino, longing to have sarah as his mama. the practical effects used during the attacks on victims are rather unconvincing..screaming mad george's work with savage steve holland was far more effective than what we see in this film. the sex everyone talks about isn't as gratuitous as many would have you believe(..i can't even recall any nudity). probably the best of the numerous sequels greenlighted, but that's not exactly an endorsement. i'm pretty sure written on paper, this was an entertaining concept, the idea of spoofing pinocchio using horror elements, but the result doesn't exactly blow you away.

"cavemen" exceeded my expectations, and not in a good way. it was even worse than i thought it would be. basically, here's the show: the cavemen are an alternate race, they face prejudice, etc. quite possibly the stupidest idea ever created; almost being worthy of jail time for the writers. one show featured the cavemen going into a club, trying to pick up girls, and then nothing else happened. it was reminiscent of listening to a 22 minute andy rooney dialog, followed by death by steak knives via midget cannibals. for those who have not seen this show, here's an example of the dialog: "you're sure you're okay with going out with a caveman." "yeah, that's fine. i've had like 10 - thousand!" hilarious... possibly the best writing i've ever witnessed.22 minutes of cavemen with horrible makeup, tackling tough social issues... sounds like an entertaining night. i also love how bad the recent ideas are that they're resorted to making a sitcom out of car insurance commercials. i wonder if they'll do the gecko next, so that i can have a new title for the worst show i've ever seen. i would even say that this is worse than "viva laughlin." at least "viva laughlin" was ripped off from something that was somewhat inspired.shows like this make me hope that there's a comet up there somewhere aimed for earth.(unratable honestly...)

i wasted my time and gave this show a chance. this has to be one of the worst new shows. if they gave an award to shows that suck this one should sweep the category. the acting is poor and the story line is contrived. now dinosaurs was a bit strange but at least it was entertaining. that show lasted three seasons and was finally scraped. this new show, based on an insurance companies commercials, is not funny and really has nothing going for it. possibly the original commercials and the amount of times they were, and still are, repeated is what is wrong with this show. it just came to tv and already we are tired of seeing the "caveman" characters.

this is 30 minute show about one joke. the joke, cavemen are not treated fairly. hahaha!!! he can't dial a phone because he is a caveman. cavemen are not as smart as human beings. oh jeez, those cavemen are so unsophisticated. there is no humor in this show. they can only run off this one joke for so long and they already have with the geico commercials. this show does not deserve a time slot on national t.v. this show tries to hard to be funny, but it just isn't. watching this show, i was thinking that it was trying to be like a "bachelor's gone wild show." meaning they go to the bar and try to sleep with many women. the crying caveman is annoying. the caveman with the glasses is too smart to be a caveman(hahaha!!!). all three of them have personalities, but i can't figure out why i don't care about them.

cavemen was by far the biggest load of crap i have ever wasted my time watching. this show based on the geico commercials is less entertaining then an actual 30 sec ad for geico. the makeup was half ass-ed to say the least, hard to imagine a caveman with prefect white teeth even after going to the dentist. this show could of had potential for a funny series if they could of gotten the cast from the commercials, that in it self makes for a lousy show. perhaps if the writers were the same from the geico ads this may of had a chance, instead the pilot lacked a good story line. i give this show a 1 out of 10, i would of liked to put a zero out of 10 but that was not an option. i pray for a quick death to this show, i'd give it less then 5 episodes before it dies a deserving death.

this is a review of the wizard, not to be confused with the wiz, or mr. wizard. the wizard is a late-eighties film about a seriously silent boy's ability to play video games and walk during the entire opening credits. the wiz is an unnecessary update of the wizard of oz, and mr. wizard is that guy that attached 100 straws together and had some kid drink tang out of it.now that we've gotten all that out of the way, let me say this: there's really no reason to see this movie. it's simply a 100 minute nintendo commercial designed to capitalize on the powerglove, the legend of zelda and super mario brothers 3. i use the word "designed" in the loosest sense possible, because it seems like this movie was written over a weekend by a crack team of people who had never played nintendo, and directed by a man with less sense of style than my grandmother. maybe if the writer and director sat down and actually played some games together, they'd realize that they were about to film total rubbish and instead go to vocational school to learn how to install car stereos.i hope that this has been an enlightening experience for you. it sure hasn't been for me. in fact, i think i might have lost a few braincells in the act of watching this movie and writing about it. next time you're at the video store and you see the the wiz, the wizard and the wizard of oz all sitting there on the shelf in a pretty little row, give them all a miss and play duck hunt instead.

was there a single positive to this film? critics who knew nothing of video games could spot the gaming errors made. no damage taken with damage clearly visible towards the beginning being a primary example.and i may have missed something, but wasn't super mario bros. 3 suppose to be a game that had never played before? well if that is the case, and i did not miss anything... how did fred savage's character, and even the girl, know so much about the game already? we're talking things that some people don't know about by their second or third play-through.beyond the factual and gaming errors there is the general low quality of the film itself. nothing here is honestly very memorable. the kid wasn't even that good at playing video games in the footage they showed. a lot of kids i knew way back in those days were significantly more experienced. on top of all this the acting and storyline are just mediocre at their strongest points. the characters are bland and completely uninteresting, the 'wizard' (the youngest child) is a very silent, completely dry child cliché of a little kid who almost never talks because of a trauma. it isn't that this is unrealistic, it's the fact that it had to be thrown into the movie to actually even begin to form a plot that would exceed even 30 minutes.honestly, the only value that is to be found here is that of a nostalgic nature. if you grew up with this movie you're going to like it whether it was good or not. it was about kids playing video games, and at the time you saw it you likely had an obsession with the nes as well. but unless you loved it as a kid there just isn't anything that's going to keep you interested, and very little that will prevent you from turning it off.no sir, i didn't like it.

it's very sad that lucian pintilie does not stop making movies. they get worse every time. niki and flo (2003) is a depressing stab at the camera. it's unfortunate that from the many movies that are made yearly in romania , the worst of them get to be sent abroad ( e.g. chicago international film festival). this movie without a plot , acting or script is a waste of time and money. score: 0.02 out of 10.

i find it rather useless to comment on this "movie" for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon.it's similar to a rotten egg which has nothing good to show to the world excerpt for the fact that it is rotten as other endless number of eggs have been before it. but since a comment is mandatory for such a grandiose insignificance ... filth is definitely the proper word to describe this movie created in the same manner as any other romanian "movie" directed by lucian pintilie who insists to depict the so called "romanian reality" following the communist era (1990 to present days).under no circumstances recommended for people outside romania as for the others (who lately find amateurish camera, lack of plot, lack of directorial / actors's quality etc, noise etc. as being trendy and even art-like) : watch & enjoy this "movie" (as i know you will) but do the other well intentioned imdb members a favor, don't write an online review for it will misguide, irritate and in the end waste their time.on the other hand this movie (among others) has some value whatsoever, an educational one for it sets the example for : "how not to make a movie."

i saw this movie twice. i can't believe pintilie made such a fantasy movie. i'm also a movie/theatre director and i know what i speak. this is not romania anymore, but i see the events are happening in the same period with the incident from 11 september. no story, no plot, nothing. no conclusion, no message, nothing profound, nothing hidden. just empty images.what most of romanians don't know, this movie is for the french viewers, not for us. they really believe that is the reality in romania. also for teenagers. pintilie should stop making movies. i don't really know if we can call this a movie, maybe a horror :) and we wonder why we've got such an image in europe. this was a reality, but isn't anymore. a good friend of mine from the brithish embassy said: "you have no idea what a long way romanian people walked from ceausescu".

throw this lame dog a bone. sooo bad...you may watch anyway. kol(ross hagen)is an intergalactic bad guy that escapes being vaporised by an over zealous spaceship commander(jan-michael vincent). kol manages to steal a shuttle that crash lands on earth. an unstoppable android killer is sent to bring back the villain dead or alive. john phillip law plays a forest/park ranger that urges caution in dealing with these two visitors from far, far away. costumes are outrageous and the script is lacking intelligence. vincent surely took the money and ran. law shows the only sign of effort.so bad it is almost comical. also in the cast: dyana ortelli, p.j. soles and dawn wildsmith.

for the initial 20 minutes or so (i was watching it on a ps2 so i've really no idea how long it took) alienator sets up an interesting premise. i don't think i've seen a slasher movie with an alien from another planet as the baddie before. however, interest soon turns into stunned disbelief as you realise the 'alien' is a huge body-builder woman in a steel bikini. yes, alienator is patently ridiculous.don't think i hold that against it. in the world of shlock-horror, patently ridiculous can often be a good sign. however, the blatant stupidity of its premise is all the movie really has going for it. alienator is funny as hell, but it is also a shambolic suckfest of the highest order. actors heap on failed attempts at seriousness, potentially genius lines of pure cheese dialogue are stumbled over with unnerving incompetence and the direction fails to sum up even one or two decent set-pieces. by the time the movie's finished you can barely see the original concept through the haystack of total tripe the team piled on it.add to this the fact that the 'alien' just kills people by vaporising them, as opposed to doing any 'slashing' as such and you have a giant throbbing heap of good ideas being left to rot. you'll laugh at alienator, but at it, not with it. if that's your thing then go ahead and check it out.

well, i had to be generous and give this a 2. this was mainly due to the gratuitous holes cut in that lady's shirt where her breasts are. i found that mildly amusing. other than that, this movie does nothing more than provide a few good laughs with a friend. funny if you're willing to throw "mystery science theatre" comments at it with someone, but it ain't no better than a 2. and a 2 pretty much sucks.

recipe for one of the worst movies of all time: a she-male villain who looks like it escaped from the wwf, has terrible aim with a gun that has inconsistent effects (the first guy she shoots catches on fire but when she shoots anyone else they just disappear) and takes time out to pet a deer. then you got the unlikable characters, 30 year old college students, a lame attempt at a surprise ending and lots, lots more. avoid at all costs.

the director, outfitted in chains and leather, warned the audience at the sf frameline film festival friday night that we were about to see an "experiental" film. experimental? leave the video camera on the back seat of the car, let the tape roll and edit in all the pointless dreck within eyesight. a meandering pastiche road show manqué that starts nowhere and takes the audience no place. the gratuitous violence that opens the movie drove more than one patron from the castro theater. i would have left, too, but my cine-buddy needed a ride home and has this thing about seeing even the worse merde through to the end. by the time the lights came up the audience had thinned considerably. tepid applause. pro forma questions of the director who seemed pleased with the product. avoid this film!

the only reason "the norliss tapes" deserves any stars is the presence of angie dickinson in the cast. other than getting to see angie baby in a pre-"police woman" performance, there's nothing else worth seeing here.the synopsis:*** minor spoilers ***david norliss is tapped to write a book on the supernatural. one day he mysteriously disappears after phoning his publisher and suggesting he has stumbled across something that has placed him in mortal danger. the entire series for which this miserable pilot was written was apparently intended to be a series of flashbacks via the "norliss tapes" -- a set of audio tapes the writer recorded while investigating cases of the supernatural.in the pilot episode, a wealthy sculptor dies -- but not before purchasing an ancient egyptian scarab ring from a local occultist who assures him the bauble will give him immortality after death. we soon discover the ring itself doesn't grant immortality. instead, it only reanimates the sculptor's corpse, allowing him to escape his crypt so he can run around town draining pretty girls of all their blood.blue-faced, yellow-eyed and growling out arrrghhhhhhs you haven't heard since you last watched "scooby doo" cartoons, the sculptor attacks his wife (dickinson) one dark night. she escapes and, via a mutual acquaintance, contacts norliss to get his assistance in solving the mystery behind her late husband's uncanny reappearance on her estate.so is this guy a vampire? no. there's no vampire in this story despite what you may have read or heard. the sculptor doesn't drink his victims' blood -- he collects it. how? don't know. we only see him attacking, never collecting. why? to fulfill the second part of his bid for immortality. it turns out the reanimated sculptor will only be allowed to live forever if he builds a life-size statue of a demon named sargoth out of a mixture of clay and human blood. once it's finished, sargoth plans to inhabit the statue, using it as his gateway into our world.the final analysis:"the norliss tapes" wasn't picked up as a series for a very good reason... it was garbage. as you can see from my synopsis, the story is a paltry, ill-conceived mess. the acting and dialogue offer no better. this isn't even a contender for a "so bad it's good" award. sometimes bad is just bad.after years of hearing underground rumblings about the great merits of "the norliss tapes," i was very excited to find it airing on fox movie channel on 10/15/03. i wish i hadn't set myself up for the fall.having screened this groaner for the first time two days ago, i can only assume any applause you've heard so far from other imdb reviewers is coming from those who are reviewing the show based on dim memories and the nostalgia of youth. or perhaps they are simply loyal fans of dan curtis. either way, they've offered you misleading reviews of "the norliss tapes."pauly orchid -- october 17, 2003

if deborah messing were not already cast as "grace", this might be a tolerable film. however, it is simply another story of a frustrated spinster with issues, who hires a paid escort (dermot mulroney) she reads about in a time magazine article to travel to london for her sister's london wedding. how new is this plot?neither funny, nor remotely romantic, the wedding date slides over the storyline of deceptive sex by bride and best man, and paid for escorts to pass off the film as four weddings without hugh, and definitely, a dead end deal for the naive groom who is ignorant to the sexual history of his bride (amy adams). while messing has perfected the repressed princess, 30- something woman with a failed relationship history, her neurotic and drunken moves on yet another faux beau is simply the restating of her tv series. if this woman is an actress, get a role that does not rehash what is already on prime time.lots of drunken female bonding, cricket visual jokes, and mulroney in a towel (nice!), but the film is a bore with the obvious happy ending. expected messing sequel: divorce date.

there have been so many many films based on the same theme. single cute girl needs handsome boy to impress ex, pays him and then (guess what?) she falls in love with him, there's a bit of fumbling followed by a row before everyone makes up before the happy ending......this has been done many times.the thing is i knew this before starting to watch. but, despite this, i was still looking forward to it. in the right hands, with a good cast and a bright script it can still be a pleasant way to pass a couple of hours.this was none of these.this was dire.a female lead lacking in charm or wit who totally failed to light even the slightest spark in me. i truly did not care if she "got her man" or remained single and unhappy.a male lead who, after a few of his endless words of wisdom, i wanted to kill. just to remove that smug look. i had no idea that leading a life of a male whore was the path to all-seeing all-knowing enlightenment.a totally unrealistic film filled with unrealistic characters. none of them seemed to have jobs, all of them had more money than sense, a bridegroom who still goes ahead with his wedding after learning that his bride slept with his best friend....plus "i would miss you even if we had never met"!!!!! i could go on but i have just realised that i am wasting even more time on this dross.....i could rant about introducing a character just to have a very cheap laugh at the name "woody" but in truth that was the only remotely humorous thing that happened in the film.

one wonders why anyone would try to rehash successful movie plots that have already been seen, like it's the case with this movie. "the wedding date" is one of the best examples of why not to even try to remake, under the guise of a new story, something that should have been let alone. if a project like this goes ahead with the studio big honchos' approval, then go all out with big stars and glossy production values, that way, people will come for the stars.alas, that's not what happens in this misguided attempt at comedy. the problem seems to be the way the screen writers have transplanted the story to london, when basically, this seems to be a typical american situation that not even the setting will be able to fix. then there is the problem with the stars. debra messing and dermot mulrooney? they have as much chemistry as oil and vinegar!since the kat and nick have no conflict from the start, the viewer is not pulled into the film the way the creators thought they would be. it's clear that kat will fall for nick, and vice-versa in this predictable story. amy adams, who was the best asset in "junebug", comes across as a shallow girl who is willing to keep her lie going on and not come clean to the man that loves her and is going to marry her.for anyone interested, the credits at the end of the film run for almost seven minutes!

too much of something borrowed grade b-super bowl sunday is one of the slowest days at movie theaters every year. because of this, movie studios tend to avoid releasing bigger budgeted films that weekend. every few years a studio releases a counter-programming female skewing movie (2001's "the wedding planner") to compete with the big game. this super bowl weekend similarly titled "the wedding date" will try to find success and attract viewers not watching the game. sick of people feeling sorry for her, single-woman, kat ellis (debra messing, tv's "will and grace") hires male escort nick ( dermot mulrony, "about schmidt") to pose as her boyfriend for her sister's wedding in london. her family has been giving her a hard time about her not being married, and her ex- fiancé of seven years, who dumped her without a reason, is the best man. to make him jealous kat parades nick around her ex to make him see what he is missing. but ultimately nick helps kat realize that she can open up, and let someone love her.the film borrows too much from similar wedding movies. it is almost a carbon copy of 1999's "picture perfect" and mixes in scenes similar to "the wedding planner" and "my best friends wedding". the movie also has a reverse "pretty women" theme going for it, and knowing her audience, the director makes clever references to that and other films."the wedding date" has all the clichéd elements of a typical wedding movie, there is the stereotypical overbearing mother (holland taylor, "legally blonde"), and practically plagiarized wedding speeches by the family and friends at the wedding and rehearsal dinner. the twist at the ending has been done before, but it was something that wasn't completely expected. the real reason why kat was dumped comes as a surprise and changes the direction of the film for the last half hour.even though "the wedding date" is predictable, it is able to stand on its own. debra messing, in her first lead role, proves she can be charming and funny. dermot mulrony has great chemistry with debra messing, but most of his dialogue was too corny and unrealistic. he is able to make best of what he is given, and be able to salvage the character. by the use of many clever puns (often sexual), the film is actually funny. although primarily a chick-flick the film has components everyone can enjoy. the feel good story, and humor make it the best date movie released in a long time.

seriously, i'm all for gooey romantic comedies and will get sucked into miss congeniality as easily as goodfellas...but this movie? it doesn't make any sense!!!! and i'm not even talking about the willing suspension of disbelief kind of not making sense. why does her family live in england? or, at the very least, why doesn't she have a british accent? she's sure cozy with her dad and he's surprisingly forgiving of her not being around for the last two years. (on that subject, no one ever makes much of a deal about her being away for so long). and what was with the goofy outfits at the bachelorette party? i'm not even going to get into the fact that the escort she paid for falls in love with her--that could've been overcome by better movie-making. i'm just saying that the characters, the setting, and the plot aren't fleshed out enough to make an even somewhat cohesive story. oh, and the worst part, in my opinion, is the filmmaker's consistent use of the most unflattering angles on deborah messing's nose--i'd have sued the filmmakers if i were her! i mean, honestly, i'm all for women being who they are, but why, in seven loyal years of will and grace viewing, have i not ever noticed how incredibly odd her nose is? oh! because those producers are kind to her! this movie, like my other least favorite movie ever, armageddon, is the fault of the filmmakers, not the actors. i can see both messing and mcdermott in these roles with a better writer, director, and producer.this easily gets my vote as one of the worst movies i've ever wasted time on. i'm just glad a friend loaned me her dvd, so all i wasted was time. if there were a way to make this review zero stars, i'd do it.

for romantic comedies, i often judge the quality of the film based upon the mistiness of my eyes by the end of the experience. unfortunately for "the wedding date," i can only rate the film with 4 out of 10 possible tears.my apologies to fans of debra messing and dermot mulroney, but i did not see much chemistry between their two characters. the premise of the film is a reverse "pretty woman," with dermot playing the role of nick, a high-priced male escort hired by debra's character kat to accompany her to england for her sister's wedding. a romantic relationship presumably develops between patron and client. but the dialogue seemed forced and artificial. and there weren't enough romantic sparks flying in the relationship of nick and kat.in a supporting role, amy adams was a standout as kat's sister. whenever amy came on screen, she served as a spark plug and catalyst for the film's energy. perhaps if amy adams had been cast in the role of kat, the film might have had more dynamism. but as it turned out, instead of reaching for kleenex, i was looking for the visine in attempt to at least pretend that this film had some genuine sentiment and romance.

how many times do we have to see bad horror movies with a killer in a scream-ripoff mask? the plot of bleed is kinda original but the movie itself is a complete failure. for one thing the dialogue is poorly developed, it's boring and wastes too much time on trivial details, the acting is bad, et cetera. i want my money back, this rental stinks worse than a skunk.

as you all may know, jigsaw did not make its way to blackbuster because of a member of full moon's own staff, devin hamilton. devin is the one who sells to all of the video chains. he recently released a movie, bleed, which he was selling to blackbuster at the same time as jigsaw. he convinced the blackbuster buyer not to take any jigsaw, and double the number of bleed. the result is that jigsaw looks like a flop, and bleed looks like a hit. the major problem with that is that bleed is one of the worst movies ever, and as we all know, jigsaw is, well, gold. i urge all of you to go on to the bleed page on the internet and vote for the movie that wronged jigsaw, and all of your talents. likewise, you should go to the jigsaw page and cast high votes for it (if you already haven't). we need to get jigsaw up to at least an 8 or 8.5, and bleed down to around a 2 (thus putting it on the internet's 100 worst movie listing). also, try to convince friends and family to do the same.hope you all are doing well, - matt

this is a low-budget "scream" style movie. "maddy" is a new worker at a conspicuously-unnamed office, where she meets and starts a relationship with her co-worker "chris". during a hot tub-party, chris and his friends convince maddy they belong to a "murder club" where everyone has killed someone for kicks. when maddy loses it and kills someone for real, hijinks ensue.the film looks good, and there are the requisites for this genre and budget level (nudity, gore, maybe a few cameos from slightly bigger stars than the cast), but, after the credits roll, you'll ask yourself why you spent 80 minutes of your life watching it.

*spoilers included*with a title like "bleed", you know the creative juices weren't running on high when this puppy was conceived. the movie is your basic run-of-the-mill low-budget slasher movie. oh sure, it tries to be creative with the premise of the "murder club", but we learn that was just a joke anyways. okay, for those who really care about these things, the basic plot is that new girl in town starts dating her co-worker. he invites her into his circle of friends, and at a party, they tell her how they have a "murder club" and they murder people, blah blah blah. well, we learn that it was all a joke, but not before our heroine kills a lady in a parking garage. now, the "members" of the murder club are being killed one by one. oh, and the bad guys wins and the movie ends on a downer. by that time, you won't really care though.in retrospect, the first 10 or so minutes of this movie make no sense. the motivation for the killings in the beginning of the movie is never explained. i would say that it was a way for the director to pad out the film, but on the dvd there are deleted scenes! i'm not sure why anyone would want to see more than the feature length version of "bleed", but apparently the people behind the dvd thought the viewers would be clamoring for more. on the box, it says there are easter eggs, but why the hell i would want to waste my time looking for extras on this movie is beyond me. i was expecting a bad movie, and "bleed" delivered on that front. it wasn't a fun bad movie though. everyone looks good in the movie, and there's plenty of nudity, but the acting is just awful. my least favorite character is the guy who ends up being the killer...i think he's supposed to be funny and amusing, but he just ends up coming off as a tool. i think the funniest moment of the movie is when our heroine kills the lady in the parking garage, in a hilariously unconvincing death. heroine shoves the women into the parking garage cement pole, and the woman looks like she barely hits the thing, and she spits out a mouthful of blood, and "dies". for those who think that movie making is an intricate, creative process done by professionals, check out "bleed". it will change your mind, and you'll realize any hack get can a movie made. otherwise, don't waste your time or money on this.

wow...speechless as to the making of this film, i can't say much. the coverbox at the local videostore should've said it all...nothing but 6 actors/actresses who get lost on the set of scream and decide to shoot a movie!the acting was apparently not in the budget, but they were able to afford nudity and good-looking actors! style over substance almost makes its mark here, except most of these acting-class failures keep forgetting that there is a plot that needs to go somewhere when they were reading this script. after only 4 or 5 kills by the so-called masked murderer and a confusing tie-in plot about a murder club which the dumb lead actress thinks is a real club that she can join (only if she can get over a girl bumping into her car), you want to stab your hands with the nearest sharp object to remind yourself never to get overly excited by a possibly good movie such as this.i feel bad for the people who bought this film and can't find anyone to take it off their hands. another example of what's wrong with the growing number of straight to video horror releases with no thought put into the essentials. throw it away if you did buy this.

let me being by saying the i followed watching this video by watching saw and after bleed, saw looked like the all time greatest horror flick ever even though i thought it was only fairly good. bleed is pretty bad. the best part is seeing the female cast nude. the gore is very fake looking and over-done. it has its funny parts but its extremely predictable and i didn't want to stay to see the horrible ending. if i could, i would ban these actors and actresses, the only reason being is that debbie rochon (maddy) has been in over a hundred other videos and i've also seen two other members of the cast in equally or worse motion pictures. they should not allowed to continue this madness.

this mess is so bad it doesn't even qualify as horror. debbie rochon's talent is completely wasted in this film. she is not even the villain. the rest of the actors look like porno wannabes and the plot is so lame i won't even mention it.do yourself a favor and skip to the end credits to hear upcoming band twomarlowe perform "better than sex" it's total 80's disco candy song. nice up tempo song about gambleing & sex. way more entertaining than "bleed". put it this way, when one has the equipment to copy videos, but decides only to record the song at the end of movie, you have a really "bad" movie.

when you put this dvd into your player and hit "play," you will experience a brief moment of silence and see a black screen as the laser is guided to the correct starting point in the center of the disc. cherish this moment. make sure you have some tylenol or something (preferably pm's so you can fall asleep), because you're going to have a massive headache once this movie starts.starring a bunch of big-breasted girls and with an opening that actually made me chuckle a bit, i thought i'd be in for a good time. sure, the opening sequence was a wee bit awkward and most of the jokes fell flat and it seemed like this was going to be a scream ripoff (by the way, my sole chuckle was from julie strain's final comment in this scene). but then i knew there was trouble... the opening sequence had a terrible rock song. during this terrible rock song, i looked over the dvd chapter titles and saw things that said "topless in the backyard!" and "better than sex!". i knew what the selling point of this movie was going to be.and that's the sad truth: the only good thing about this movie is the attractive cast. other than that, it's a sadly routine slasher film that throws in an "innovative" concept about murder clubs, which ends up being fake anyway. so, the whole movie then points in another direction to try to be confusing and this huge mystery, but it all just adds up to not being interesting at all and leaves you feeling like you don't care for any of the characters. i mean, when the main character of the movie is revealed to have murdered an innocent woman, can you really feel any sympathy towards her when she's in fear for her life? the scream influence is prevalent throughout, with a ghost face killer and some really terrible jokes. we're also treated to scenes of the main character talking to her mom and dad (lloyd kaufman! the only other cool part of the movie!) about an abortion or something. uh. yeah... this isn't a "so-bad-it's-good" movie, it's just bad.someone compared this to a troma film, but... you know, most any film that comes from full moon (or its offshoot, as this film proves) is horrible. not horrible in a troma sense -- i've seen many troma films, and i can honestly say they all offer something, anything that you can walk away with and tell your friends about later. however, this film has pretty much nothing at all enjoyable about it. beware.

my boyfriend and i rented this because we thought it might be a good 'halloween' take-off. a killer terrorizing young people, a white mask...you get my drift. we were dead wrong! no pun intended. we not only discovered one of the worst movies out there, but also that it is a cult classic! it is filled w/plot holes and makes no sense. the actress who plays maddy is pretty, but that's about it. i do give credit for it being shot on a very low budget--i always support movies like that. just not this particular one.this movie may be good to see if you're drunk or high; otherwise don't bother. unless you want to lose your movie privileges like i did!

sadly, more downs than ups. the plot was pretty decent. i mean, nothing out of the ordinary, but it had a story, unlike the other modern horror flicks. the other good thing was the cast. i'm not saying that the acting was good, because it wasn't, but every actor/actress was hot and attractive.one of the downs are that the movie only become exciting after the first 40 minutes or so. the rest was quite boring. another down (or you could consider it an up if you want) is the excessive nudity. all 4 girls were topless for a few minutes, and all the guys showed their butts for a long time. it's not that i'm against nudity, but this was a horror movie, not 'the dreamers'.unless you're very desperate to watch some guy take off his swimsuit and run around naked for a few minutes, or watch a girl get naked for no reason, or you're a die-hard fan of debbie rochon, than this is the movie for you. but if you're looking for a good horror movie, stay away.

a killer, wearing a plastic white mask and black overcoat, is killing the friends of hollywood producer shawn banning(danny wolske)who inherited his position when someone sliced open his former employer from crotch to chest. perhaps the psychopath is newly hired maddy(dabbie rochon), an attractive, raven haired beauty with a troubled family past, plagued with nightmares. shawn and his friends play a practical joke on maddy, concerning a supposed murder club they started where each member randomly selected a victim to kill. when maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking garage because of a dent put into her car by this person, she finds that shawn's pals were jerking her chain. but, shawn and his comrades are concerned about maddy's admittance towards committing the murder and contemplate turning her into the proper authorities. deciding to wait on a definite decision, each member fall prey to the white-masked psycho with maddy a suspect considering the fact that she already has killed before. or, is someone else behind these murders? low budget slasher, executive produced by charles band, with gore murders that fail to convince. plenty of tits on display and allen nabors goofy character chris might entertain those with low expectations. the murders include a stomach being opened with intestines showing, a neck sliced, an electrical cord thrown into a pool frying a female victim who had all day to escape, an ax buried into the back of a male victim, and, to top it all, a couple are strangled by a rope during their sexual climax(..for added effect, the killer uses the breaker bar of a socket wrench as extra leverage to twist the rope as tight as possible snapping their necks). there are enough plot holes to drive a truck through, such as why maddy has nightmares of murders she didn't commit, how she could murder someone so violently(..with blood all over her)winding up waking in her bed without leaving something at the scene of the crime that would easily implicate her, and how shawn could go so long, allowing her to continue working at the company despite what she told regarding the murder she committed, and a continual desire to join the supposed club that doesn't exist.what bothered me the most was the film's desire for having us somehow sympathizing with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone, later proclaiming it to be an accident. the film builds maddy as the potential psycho throughout because of her past. her family disowned her for an abortion. she has black-outs and always appropriately winds up at the scenes of crimes after the fact. in a lot of slashers, the one who seems the most likely killer is often the red herring, but this film goes out of it's way to point the finger at maddy. when the twist occurs, we're left rooting for maddy, yet we know she's not right in the head. it's a tough sell caring for this chick. she does look great in a man's army shirt, though. and, rochon isn't afraid to let her puppies breathe, either. low budget horror fans will get a kick out of seeing cult favorite brinke stevens as a religious fanatical mother who preaches against what maddy did, calling her a murderer as beloved troma producer lloyd kaufman is the aloof father who can not get in a word edge-wise to protect the daughter he truly cares about. cult siren julie strain has a minor cameo, showing her tits(of course)as the opening murdered male's girlfriend getting her head crushed by a hammer. oh, and check out the office for which shawn works, you'll see a lot of full moon posters and art-work spread throughout the walls.

the only reason i am bothering to comment on this movie is to save you all 97 minutes of your life and maybe your money.i bought it ex-rental for £3.00, it looked interesting, so i took a chance.within minutes of turning it on i realised i'd made a mistake. the entire cast should be stored away until winter and then thrown on the nearest log fire, where they could meet more of their kind.as for the devin hamilton (writer and director), he should just be shot, sadly this should have been done before he made this rubbish.avoid this film, if you see it in the shops run away.1/10

maddy (debbie rochon) is a mentally unstable young woman with a troubled past who gets more than she bargained for when she goes to a pool party with a handsome coworker. when her date and his friends jokingly say they belong to a `murder club,' maddy takes it seriously and moves straight up to `level 3' by bashing in the brains of a woman in a parking garage (for denting her car!). but is maddy also the one donning a plastic mask and killing off other members of the group or has someone else lost it?the plot of this film (originally titled make 'em bleed) is very poorly conceived, full of holes and spirals completely out of control before a ludicrous, out-of-left-field twist ending. some of the dialogue is downright laughable. i didn't have a problem with rochon's performance, but the supporting cast was atrocious. however, i managed to sit through this full moon release thoroughly entertained. there's plenty of skin and blood and it's the perfect type of flick to sit around with a group of your buddies and pick apart. horror fans may also enjoy the cameos from brinke stevens and lloyd kaufman (as debbie's parents) and julie strain (an early victim).score: 4 out of 10

devin hamilton is probably better known as the new name in legendary full moon entertainment. sadly, his arrival to this independent studio happened in a time when budget and production values are at its lowest in years. however, in his short career hamilton has established himself as a creative director that manages to make inventive and original stories. now, this doesn't mean that his movies are good, but at least they are different to the usual in the horror genre.in his debut, "bleed", hamilton presents us a creative twist on the slasher sub genre. maddy (debbie rochon) is a young woman that finally gets the job of her dreams. not only that, but it seems that she has also found a boyfriend in shaun (danny wolske), it seems that life finally smiles for maddy after many sad events. until on a party with shaun's friends, they tell her that they created a "club" where members have to kill somebody to enter.obviously they are joking, but maddy wants desperately to fit in, that she actually murders someone. after that event, someone starts to kill the rest of the members of the "club" one by one. it is up to maddy to figure out what is going on as anybody could be the killer, including her.maddy is a very interesting character wonderfully played by the beautiful debbie rochon. it is a very interesting twist on the genre to have the lead actress as part of the suspects. the concept is so original and rochon's performance is so good that it is a real shame that hamilton didn't develop the whole story a little bit better. the movie feels quite slow at times and overall the feeling is the one of a good idea wasted on a bad movie.the rest of the cast is weird in the sense that all the female cast is very good, while the male cast is painfully bad. danny wolske is terribly wooden and his performance as a yuppie is quite stereotypical. julie strain, brinke stevens & lloyd kaufman appear in small cameos and are wonderful in their small roles. also, there is lots of nudity (both male & female) and the cast is very good looking, so it is really a plus.the low-budget hurts the film in the effects department, as there are very few gory scenes and are not really graphic (probably because they would look bad); nevertheless, considering the budget, the film at least looks good.hamilton's more recent effort, the sexploitational venture "delta delta die!", is a better crafted and overall funnier film. while this one is not as bad as other better known films, it still has a lot of flaws and may be interesting only for fans of debbie rochon or fans of independent no-budget films. 4/10

odd slasher movie from producer charles band. in the days of full moon's greatest success band said that he would never make "real killer films" because he felt that little puppets and big monsters added a fantasy element that made the films better - people killing each other is thus real and less fun. a nice philosophy and a true shame that band, having destroyed the full moon studio through possible shoddy business dealings became so desperate for home cinema profits that he started making exactly what the likes of blockbuster wanted and therefore sacrificed creativity and originality. the team behind this one also worked on 'delta delta die!' and 'birth rite' - both equally bland by full moon standards. debbie rochon is on usual top form here as a newbie to a gang of dudes and dudettes who decide to make up a story about a 'murder club'. she - as one would obviously - does all she can to join and then panic sets in because it was not a true story and silly ms rochon believed it and now everybody will have to run around getting covered in blood and maybe killing each other or maybe not. the choice is there's and with regard to this movie its yours...not recommended but not entirely bad either.

quite possibly the nicest woman in show business, and the sexiest, debbie gives another fine performance here. although her work in american nightmare was far superior, she is still worth watching in this film.the cast is filled with your typical melrose place types, chiseled features and seductive curves, that i had never seen before. other than debbie, laura nativo was the only actress i had seen before, in the similar delta delta die.the plot centers around a group of california arrogants who initiate poor naive debbie rochon into their clique. they tell her that they have a murder club, and that she must kill someone to be accepted. debbie wants nothing more but to be accepted by these cool people, so she quickly kills a person, and now the group must decide what to do with her, after she fell for their joke.violence: $$$$$ (plentiful! debbie rochon occasionally has blood splattered all over her and all of the murder scenes are done in your face. gore hounds will surely enjoy!)nudity: $$$$$ (plentiful as well! debbie rochon has several nude scenes as do many of the no-name actresses and actors. the pool party seems as just an excuse to get everyone naked; man and woman alike. julie strain also has a topless cameo but her character is gone after the first five minutes).story: $$ (could have received a higher vote because the plot was very interesting and unique but the plot serves as filler between nude scenes. i understand that b-rate films use nudity often, but this is borderline excessive).acting: $ (the acting is sub standard to say the least. rochon is always a treat, easily the best b-rate actress in the business today, but her character in american nightmare was superior. danny wolske does a fine job as debbie's object of lust but the other actors were nothing to write about).

another case of a decent dvd case betraying the shot-on-video quality of the film. it wasn't that bad. rochon does a serviceable job and damn! the cast is good looking. i've never seen that many musclebound guys hang out together on a regular basis. this movie really wanted to make you think rochon was the killer, but it was not to be. my biggest problem with the film was that by the end, i didn't much care who was the killer, and the real killer made little sense, since it was out of the blue and the filmmakers were thinking 'ha, betcha didn't see that one coming, sucker!'. yeah, there were continuity errors about (mainly with ms. rochon's ever-changing wardrobe), but for an indie slasher it's not that bad. i was pretty sure at the beginning it was just a thinly veiled excuse for girls to go topless, but that was just a gimmick. the dialog was overly think and painful at times.just don't have high expectations going into this, and it won't be that bad. and lloyd kaufman's cameo is wonderfully understated.

renown writer mark redfield (as edgar allen poe) tries to conquer old addictions and start a new life for himself, as a baltimore, maryland magazine publisher. however, blackouts, delirium, and rejection threaten to thwart his efforts. he would also like to rekindle romance with an old sweetheart, a significantly flawed prospect, as things turns out. mr. redfield also directed this dramatization of the mysterious last days of edgar allen poe. redfield employs a lot of black and white, color, and trick photography to create mood. kevin g. shinnick (as dr. john moran) performs well, relatively speaking. it's not enough.

let's be honest. as a film school project, made without budget and "real" actors, this is a passably interesting film. as something to be released on dvd for an innocent viewer, it's a very poorly produced product. if i would be idly changing channels and happened to catch this film accidentally, it would probably arrest my eye and attention for a while. as a person who bought this dvd under the impression that i would be getting a proper cinematic product, i.e. a film, i feel deeply disappointed. it's a videotaped tv play, something along the line of old sixties serials, but without that certain charm. aside from the leading man mr redfield (who also is the director), the other actors seem to be either chaps from the campus (a bit too old for that actually), or members of the director's household, who appear before the camera without any help from not only the acting couches, but also the make-up artist or hairdresser (a bonnet over outgrown permanent bangs or a top hat over mullet is a very long way from creating 1840s). it's all shot using a motionless mounted camera in a small, bare studio, sometimes using blue screen for outdoors backgrounds. synthesizer generated uninspired score of lame "period" inspired romantic karaoke insults the viewers ears on more than one occasion. the film attempts to be "dreamlike", whereas in fact it's merely conceptionless collage of those shots that made it to the editing (and believe me, the standards weren't too high to start with). there are interesting dialogs every now and then, but overall it's pretty lame and two-dimensional production in more than one way with no flashes of genius from either the director or any members of the crew. that's how "artsy" films attempted to look in the 80s. mr redfield does a much better job as an actor than the director.

this is the kind of film that everyone involved with should be embarrassed over. poor directing, over the top acting and a plot that rambles on with no point other than to show violence. i thought when i first saw it that it would be perhaps a satire of the media and how it shows violence but it's not. i'm not sure what makes the film worse. oliver stone does his worst directing ever. from scenes where woody harrelson's face morphs for no reason or robert downey jr's dreadful performance as wayne gale who is a reporter who seems totally bonkers, this movie is simply a mess.

god, what an awful thing ! oliver stone probably wanted to experiment or something (see the terrible use of music and pictures here) but what for really ? the whole thing behind "natural born killers" seems to be a "clever" look at how medias can turn into complete trash but unfortunately the movie turns into trash itself. please mr. stone, next time you want to criticize the fascism of tv shows using violence to get high rates, avoid doing the same with your movie ! michael haneke said quite cleverly about this film that it was denouncing media fascism with fascist cinematographic ways. how true... only he forgot to tell us about the massive headache you get after sitting through this overlong load of crap !

natural born killers (1994)cinema cut: r director's cut: nc-17it's an unusual oliver stone picture, but when i read he was on drugs during the filming, i needed no further explanation. 'natural born killers' is a risky, mad, all out film-making that we do not get very often; strange, psychotic, artistic pictures.'natural born killers' is basically the story of how two mass killers were popularised and glorified by the media; there is a great scene where an interviewer questions some teenagers about mickey and mallory, and the teenager says 'murder is wrong.... but if i was a mass murderer i'd be mickey and mallory'. mickey describes this with a situation of 'frankenstein (the monster) and dr. frankenstein' - dr. frankenstein is the media who has turned them into these monstrous killersmost oliver stone films examine the flaws of the america, the country that the director loves and admires. i guess 'natural born killers' is about the effect of mass media, technology and how obsessive as a nation, americans are (and most of the world) over things such as mass killers and bizarre situations.the killers played by woody harrelson (mickey) and juliette lewis (mallory) are executed astonishingly by two excellent actors who step into the lives of two interestingly brutal killers. mickey and mallory believe that some people are worthy of killing, perhaps in the cruel theory of social darwinism (survival of the fittest) - mickey says in his interview in prison, that other species commit murder, we as humans ravage other species and exploit the environment; the script is interesting, but it is questionable how much this film amounts to, in the sense of making us think about society and human behaviour, rather than the intensity of a 2 hour bloodbath that we have seen.the last hour of the film takes place in a maximum security prison; we see the harsh realities of prison life; the attitudes of the warden etc;overfilling of prisons - maybe stone is questioning the future, the path that society is leading to.two other interesting characters; first, a reporter who runs a show about 'america's maniacs' and is obsessed with boosting ratings, that he goes to any length to capture the story of mickey and mallory. the other is police officer scagnetti, an insane, perhaps sadistic officer that is in love with mallory - he also has some weird obsession with mass killers, since his mother was killed during the massacre at waco, texas by charles whitman.the cinematography is superb; different colours, shadows, styles create a feeling of disorientation; the green colour most evident of all is green, to resemble the sickness of the killers (in the drugstore when they are looking for rattlesnake antidote).the camera work is insane; shaky, buzzy, it takes some determination to get use to it and accept it. highly unorthodox, psychedelic and unusual.'natural born killers' does not glamourise the existence of insane murderers, it questions it and how we as the public may fuel this attribute...although the above review sound quite positive, i did dislike the film. quentin tarantino, who originally wrote the script for the film, was not pleased with the altered screenplay and he asked for his name to be removed. i can see why. while mildly interesting at times, natural born killers is a mess of a picture.4/10

*spoilers* some people claim that natural born killers is brilliant criticism of the media obsession with violence. but this contention ignores the actual content of the film. oliver stone could have shown his serial killers as vicious, inhuman murderers of innocent people and contrasted this with a morbid media fascination. instead he lends them justification. the movie portrays just about every victim as someone who deserved to be hurt. engaging in vicious stereotyping, stone presents the victims as unpleasant caricatures - dumb rednecks, broken-english speaking immigrants, lazy fat people. the one person that the homicidal lovebirds is also a stereotype. of course they befriend the old, hallucinogen-using american-indian - because they're trendy, dude? let's make him an admirable character. fat, chinese clerks and "hicks" are uncool, so let's make it seem like the deserve to die. instead of twisted,hateful that are corrupted by their misdeeds, their rampage makes them happier and more in love. mickey and mallory are made sexy and cool and surreal visuals are bound to entice more impressionable people. justice is mocked. the police and prison officials are portrayed as brutal, ugly and scowling compared to the gq murderers. again, this is not in the media reports within the film but in the "reality" in the film. there is no nuance or subtlety in the film - just overblown performances and visuals. the film says nothing new or specific about the obsession with violence. the proof that the film fails in its message lies in actual real world reactions to it. some impressionable young people who saw this movie cited it as inspiration for murders that they committed. the film's "message" is a failure because it inspires people in the opposite direction with horrendous real-life results. the clever message is nowhere to be seen.

you probably heard this phrase when it come to this movie – "herbie: fully loaded with crap" and yes it is true. this movie is really dreadful and totally lame.this got to be the second worst movie lindsey is ever in since confession of the teenage drama queen. the only good thing about this movie seem to be the over talent cast which by far is better than the movie million times and is the only selling point of the movie. i don't see how such a respected actor like matt dillon could be a part of this movie, isn't he read that horrible screenplay before he sign on to be in it? what i didn't like about this movie is also base on how herbie is surreal and fantasy like extraordinary ability and climb on wall and go faster than a racer car after all it just a beatle. i know it is a kids movie but they have gone overboard with it and it just turn out more silly than entertaining. little realism is needed plus the story is way too predictable.final words: unless the kids are actually 5 -12 years i highly doubt that any one could enjoy this senseless movie. what wastage of my money. i feel like cheated.rating: 3/10 (grade: f)

i wanted to love this movie. how could i not love it? cary grant, jayne mansfield, stanley donen; all icons in their own way. however, the train wreck that was suzy parker ruined the entire experience for me. her acting was so appalling that i sat there with my jaw hanging open, not believing my eyes or ears. i could barely make it through one viewing, that's how hideous she is in this.cary? gorgeous and in fine dramatic form. jayne? adorable, endearing, and obviously having a ball. the supporting cast does alright, and the city of san francisco is captured in all its stunning, retro elegance.then you see suzy parker attempting to speak her lines with a woodenness, a deadness, a cluelessness that simply defies belief. who told this creature she could act?? oy vey, people.

while i recently gave operation petticoat a positive review, i really didn't like this film even though it had so many similarities. both were made just a few years apart, both starred cary grant and both were wwii comedies. however, the overall tone and style of the films were quite different. kiss her for me, overall, just seemed like a cheaper film--with poor writing, little energy and some very broad performances--even when compared to operation petticoat. i think that at least much of the blame for this lies in casting jayne mansfield. the combination of her ample talents and limited acting ability really made this a-budget film look like it came from a 3rd rate studio. plus, there wasn't much chemistry or energy in pairing her with cary grant--an actor generally loved for his grace and class. it's sort of like pairing sir lawrence olivier with marjorie main.

oh dear, oh dear...for jm fans, this was the nail in the coffin as far as her a-list hollywood career was concerned. after solid turns in girl can't help it, wayward bus, the burglar and rock hunter it seemed jayne was well on the way to becoming one of tinsel town's hottest stars. however, an obsession with racy publicity and an appearance in this clunker relegated mansfield to the sidelines, namely cheap euro loan-outs until fox could drop her contract at the earliest opportunity.this movie really is a diabolical waste of everyone's time with the exception of suzy parker who is the only thing in this movie bad enough for the material. many people blame poor jayne and her grating performance for this film's poor returns at the box office and while she is a pain in this film, she can only do her best with the material. after all, cary hardly sets the screen on fire does he? after a handful of very good dramatic and comedy turns jayne takes 10 steps back in her pursuit as a serious actress by agreeing (simply for the sake of appearing with grant) to portray this squealing, idiotic menace. her character of alice is a complete cartoon bimbo and although she looks good enough to eat in a boiler suit, her every appearance in the film jangles your nerves. we all know jayne could do so much better than this dross and yet here she is parading around like a prize pudding. a real shame.steer clear of this so-called comedy. it's more depressing than funny.

there is a level of high expectation when you sit down to watch a comedy with a cast headed by cary grant, jayne mansfield, ray walston and werner klemperer. those expectations are buoyed further when the film is directed by stanley donen, whose comic touch was so evident in, among others, damn yankees!, bedazzled and charade. for the first five minutes, or so, it seems that those expectations might be met and then…. nothing. what is supposed to be a light comedy, plunges into leaden, heavy handed melodrama, with nary a chuckle to be had.relative newcomer suzy parker has often been criticized for her performance, or lack of one, in this film, but in a movie in which even the great cary grant frequently appears flat and wooden, attacking parker seems unfair. not even as bright a light as an audrey hepburn or doris day could have changed the fortunes of this meandering, dreary and wholly pointless script, which drags itself lamely along and drags the viewer's interest and patience down with it.the rest of the cast, especially ray walston, keep trying to breath some life into the proceedings, but the horrible script is beyond resuscitation. the desperate, inane effort to drag a half hearted laugh from the numbed audience in the film's final moments only serves to add insult to injury.this film is nothing but a major disappointment on all levels.

this film was a critical and box-office fiasco back in 1957. it was based on a novel which was later turned into a play--which flopped on broadway. the story is about some navy officers on leave in san francisco during wwii. they have 4 day's leave which they spend at the mark hopkins hotel. the film meanders a lot and none of the characters seem very real. cary grant is generally brilliant in comedy and drama--but here he plays a sort of wheeler dealer and he doesn't really pull it off. tony curtis or james garner would have been better choices. audrey hepburn was initially set to play opposite grant, but had other commitments--so suzy parker stepped in. she had never acted before, but was america's top photographic model at the time. i think that she did a good job, considering all the pressure that she was under. grant's pairing with jayne mansfield in a few brief scenes--did not really work. the studio was trying to give her some class by acting with grant--but the character had no substance at all.

a good cast (with one major exception) pushes its way through epstein's smart light satire. mansfield was never better, or funnier, than she is here paired with walston, who's a veteran who's determined to become a congressman to get out of the war. he and his buddies -- including suave con-artist grant -- head to san francisco on leave and start the city's swinginest party while conniving to escape the service altogether through industrial speaking tours. the only thing about this movie that's not delightful is suzy parker's one-note performance as grant's love interest, which takes up too much of the film's time and slows down the pace in the second half. walston and mansfield have good chemistry; the gimmick is that she's set on making love to every serviceman (to do her duty for the war effort, of course) but he's a married man who, nonetheless, loves his wife. they steal the movie with little trouble from grant (who's amusing here in the first part of the film, when not paired with his non-actor co-star.

not one of keaton's best efforts, this was perhaps a veiled attempt to revenge himself on the family he married into - the talmadges. a polish/english language barrier and a series of coincidences leads buster into a marriage with a large irish woman, who (along with her father and brothers) treat him shabbily until they think he may be an heir to a fortune. mistaken identities abound here - gags are set up and but for the main fail to pay off.this metro short does have at least two real laughs - buster's cleverly turning around his lack of dinner by using the calendar on the wall and the basic ignorance of his adopted family to literally bring the meat to his plate. the other is a family photo, with the entire group slowly collapsing to the floor as the tripod of the camera loses its stability.the yeast beer overflow could have been the catalyst for a massive series of gags built upon gags, but stops short (for all the buildup) of development.kino's print is crisp and clear and the score is one for player piano, drums and sound effects. not one of buster's best efforts, but worth a few laughs.

there seems to be a surprisingly high number of 8-10 star reviews here from people who have never written an imdb review before or since. given the very low average rating given to the film by other people, i think you may draw your own conclusions.this is a very bad film. i'll admit it, i thought the concept was kind of cute, and i was pleased to see the actresses who played eve and harmony on angel getting work, but it didn't take long for the sheer awfulness of this film to make itself known.acting: the leads seemed competent enough, but everyone else? terrible.plot: chock full of holes big enough to drive a truck through.direction: non-existent.humour: did they really think people were going to laugh? oh boy.eye candy: ok. there were some really beautiful women in this film. not just the three main female characters, but right across the board. it was as if the producers hoped the scenery would keep male viewers so distracted they wouldn't notice how terrible everything else was. if so, they failed miserably.in the right hands this could have been cute but darkly funny camp classic. it wasn't even close.

i attempted watching this movie twice and even then fast forwarding the irritating parts but still could not make it to the end.i don't understand how this movie *genuinely* got any good reviews. i think these people giving such good reviews are just trying to hype the movie for marketing purposes. their reviews seem very unrealistic and it looks like an inside job, which makes things more pitiful. movies should get true positive comments on their own steam and not contrived ones!! the acting was reminiscent of a cheesy porno movie, and not in a funny way. i don't mind low budget movies with bad acting if they know how to work with it. i found the lead character to be irritating. his facial expressions and humor was unbearably childish. i thought this was intentional to make the womens conspiracy seem more enjoyable and founded, but they were even worse. the script was also very awkward (his bosses overdone business speech) and the unfunny sarcastic remarks. i did not find anything redeeming about this movie other than some of the attractive women.never have i felt that a rating was this misleading. i was interested by its premise but scared off by everything else. of course see it if you want, but i just didn't want anyone else to get their hopes up/waste their time. maybe it is just me... probably not.

> you are warned this is a spoiler! > this movie is so bad that i doubt i can write enough lines. great direction the shots were well thought out. the actors were very good particularly richard pryor tho i would have liked to have seen more of him. madeline kahn and john houseman were classic. dudley more god bless him could have done better. john ritter again i would have liked to see more of him. in my opinion this failure is due totally to writer failure. maybe the producer could have pulled the plug once he saw what he was creating. its just too bad that so much money went into this boiler,when with a little change here and there would in my opinion fixed it.they must have paid the writers standard rates. to produce one chuckle.

in the questionable comedy vein of mel brooks, "wholly moses!" tries to take the bible story of moses and make fun of it, resulting in the unfunniest biblical spoof ever filmed.there is no real plot here, just excuses to trot out stalwart comedy talent in underwritten roles. dudley moore and laraine newman are on a bus tour of the holy land, when they stumble across an ancient scroll in a cave. there they read the story of herschel and zerelda, also played by moore and newman. herschel's life parallels moses'. he was sent down the river to be found by the pharaoh's family at the same time moses was. herschel's birth father, the late james coco, becomes herschel's slave after herschel is rescued by idol makers and works as a sculptor. eventually herschel comes to work for the pharaoh as an astronomer, is banished, and ends up tending moses' flock of sheep. herschel and moses are brothers in law, marrying sisters, and herschel thinks god has chosen him to free his people in egypt. of course, moses was receiving the divine word, but herschel misunderstood. i'll pause here to laugh hysterically...pause...anyway, the rest of the film is a series of badly written scenes involving moore and actors who are making "special appearances." these scenes do not propel the plot forward, they bring what little story there is to a grinding halt.jack gilford plays a tailor. dom deluise has maybe three lines when he meets herschel in the desert. john houseman is an archangel, just giving the same line readings he gave in "the paper chase." david l. lander is a fake blind man "healed" by herschel. andrea martin is one of zerelda's sisters. i was not sure who madeline kahn was supposed to be, she gives a ride to herschel, and has about a minute and a half of screen time. john ritter plays a very unfunny devil. richard pryor has one scene as the pharaoh, but it was obviously shot at a different time than moore's scene because the two do not appear onscreen together! in the end, zerelda turns into a pillar of salt after looking back on new sodom's destruction, ha ha. herschel writes the ten commandments, and gives them to moses, who is basking in all the glory. in the final scenes, the screenwriter decide to try and salvage this shallow film by having herschel bait god into an argument. god comes off as an all powerful bully who was leading herschel around for his own amusement, speaking through him only to give him the ten commandments. we even have zerelda quip "god works in mysterious ways," thereby excusing everyone's very unchristian behavior during the film.this film is not funny. there is nary a laugh to be found anywhere. at least monty python made fun of many established religious mainstays in "life of brian" in addition to their questionable take on jesus' life, but here the humor consists of poo poo jokes and characters constantly bumping their heads. this makes mel brooks look like merchant/ivory. churchgoers will be offended, not by the film's attitude toward religion, but by the smugness the movie exhibits, impressed with their own hoitytoityness (i know, not a word) on a subject they obviously know nothing about. "wholly moses!" is wholly bad, and an embarassment to all involved. i suggest you read the book instead.this is rated (pg) for some physical violence, profanity, sexual references, and adult situations.

i'm sorry to report that i have seen this film several times. when it bombed at the box office, it was repeated nightly for about a month on hbo. and i watched it over and over because television in general is so bad--or was at that time. i no longer watch, so it might be wonderful now--like samuel l jackson says about swine, "it might taste like sweet potato pie, but i'll never know because i wouldn't eat the filthy mfer." let's see. dudley plays arthur wandering in the desert, always a few steps behind moses. it came out right after life of bryan, so you can guess where the inspiration for this came from. the few mildly funny bits go on way too long until you just close your eyes and grit your teeth. there's one scene where arthur and dom deluise meet in the desert, both of them dragged out and dessicated, dying of thirst. then they meet like old acquaintances who didn't really know each other very well, promise to do lunch. it could have been funny.but the scene that i remember most clearly is a meeting with pharaoh in which pharaoh is a black street kid done up in full king tut regalia. he must have read the lines straight because at some point before the release, they overdubbed his scene with the hollywood equivalent of black street lingo voiced by a jimmy walker wannabe (kid dyno-wannabe). or it might have been jimmy walker--who knows? who cares. they managed to turn an essentially boring scene into a very racist, very unfunny, very long piece of excrement, one of those legendary things that just won't flush, no matter how many times you try, so you leave it there for someone else to deal with.well that's my review. if you rent this movie (don't buy it, whatever you do!) prepare yourself with a bottle of tequila and a six pack of corona.now that they've remade the poseiden adventure, this one is probably high on the list for remakes. maybe they'll hire a comedy writer this time.

it was agonizingly bad movie. it will eat your heart out while you watch it. i beg you: don't watch this movie! you will hate you losing 1,5 hours of your lifetime! it's not as some movies that are so bad that you can watch those and enjoy... this movie is boring as... there is nothing as boring as this movie. you will hate yourself after watching this movie till the end. and you will hate yourself that you didn't listen to me.i hate myself. i tortured myself and i did watch this movie to the end. now excuse me, i will shot myself. i have seen all.please. read this very carefully. don't watch this film.please!

i saw this movie for a number of reasons the main being mira sorvino. with her on the cast it couldn't be so bad. and it even seemed like it had some mystery and olivier martinez was her boyfriend at the time and he was pretty good in `unfaithful'. the story is set in spain so it could be an exotic entertaining movie with one of my favorite actresses.if you're thinking about the same thing let me warn you: this is a truly awful, uninteresting, boring movie. the only adjective that comes to mind is pathetic.the story is contrived with sub-plots that add nothing to the narrative. they try to build a slasher/thriller with a look at fascism in spain but fail horribly. the twists have no credibility and the so-called investigation leads nowhere.the characters are paper-thin! i didn't care about anyone. more than that they're irritating and pretty hateful people.the acting is atrocious. mira what is wrong with you? why mira? you're an oscar winner! keep some dignity! her character was weak but that is no excuse for such an awful performance. she seems to be sleepwalking all movie long. come to think of it, i actually think i saw her eyes slowly closing in some scenes. i used to think this woman was sexy. well she isn't here. if you want to look at some skin try romi and michelle because there's nothing to see here. and that accent? my god...olivier martinez is even worst. it's too painful to remember his performance to describe it here. im sorry but i can´t. ive suffered enough with this garbage.this whole movie is depressing! it's so bad in every way it's a wonder how it was even made. a lousy team to produce a lousy script and make some money over the actor's name. don't fall for it.avoid it!

when we were in junior high school, some of us boys would occasionally set off stinkbombs. it was considered funny then. but the producers, directors and cast of "semana santa" ("angel of death" in the dvd section of your local video rental) are adults and they are still setting them off.like the previous reviewer who wondered if the cast were anxious to get off the set and home, i doubt more than one take was done for any of the scenes.mira sorvino, hot in "mighty aphrodite" and other top-rated films, seems to have undersold herself to this project. her acting is non-existent, confined mostly to wistful stares that are supposed to indicate how "sensitive" she is to the plight of the film's various victims.but let me warn you--do not be the next victim! step away from the dvd if you find it on the shelf. tbere are not many good leg shots of mira (the only high points i could find in the film) and the supporting cast is of inferior quality, delivering a mishmash of badly-done dialogue with embarrassing "spanish" accents worthy of the best high school theatrical production.

this movie was so bad! it was terrible! it was awful! i cannot stress it enough! the acting, directing, story, characters and everything about it was bad! it was so corny and clichéd. don't be fooled by the cover, or the tag line "the 'texas massacre' is nothing to laugh at." are you frogging' kidding me! it was ridiculous.the first 2 minutes of the film is good until it gets to the main character brendan, ok now turn it off. what i got from the film was, a bunch of ugly, annoying and immature people go to a cabin in the middle of the woods and a clown that sings nursery rhymes kills them in unoriginal and fake ways.this movie was a waste of my time and money, and it would be a waste of your money and time too! i fast forward through most of the movie because it was so terrible, i just wanted to see how each bad actor died, and it still wasn't worth it! just looking at the cover is a waste of time. this is seriously the worst movie ever! rating: doesn't deserve one.

ok, so i rented this clown-like-chainsaw-massacre-esquire film, not expected much, but i did like the novel approach to a serial killer film. (from the back of the box is the following synopsis) "at first, it was just a joke - a myth around the campfire - for five friends staying at a remote cabin in the texas woods. but when they began to disappear one-by-one, replaced by scattered, bloodied body parts and voodoo effigies, the remaining few scramble for their lives. but he's out there. and he's sick. and all he wants is blood..." so obviously from the get-go it doesn't make sense: why is this clown in the woods to begin with? why a clown? why are their dolls with the word "food" drawn on them? why why why? hardly anything gets answered in this 1 hour 30 min. bore fest except where this clown lives. the characters are dumb guys, dumb girls, and a hell of a lot of bitchiness. one in particular is a girl whom they brought from a restaurant up the road, whom they thought they should help because she was getting hassled by some guy she knew. what warrants that as an excuse to bring a girl into your circle of friends or their cabin? she, of course, begins planting seeds of jealousy, having the men have sex with her by feeding their dumb minds everything they want to hear.the music was an average affair (standard frantic keyboard music like in every horror film without differences). the actors seemed to be brought from some soap opera the way they complained and whined about everything. the idea that the main guy in the film takes this girl to the cabin as their first date makes for a horrible date, but of course, she unrealistically gives herself to him on the first night of getting to know him. there was hardly a budget spent of anything, it seems, but there was a clown outfit and plenty of cheap $1-store dolls lying around in the woods, which was a horribly bland place to shoot this whole movie (been done too many times). i was also waiting for the clown to jump into the house to kill the remaining 4 characters of the film (in through the glass maybe), but nothing exciting like that ever entered the film. i guess you were just supposed to like the clown being a killer or something.i had to give the film a 3. it was an interesting premise (clown as the texas chainsaw massacre character, essentially) and i'll give them a star for acting serious all the way through when the movie could've totally been a b-movie-style video, but they opted for the more legitimate style of video. but ultimately, i probably would've felt like renting the killer klowns from mars video again before going back to check this out. ah, but that cover art...pretty awesome drawing.

i bought this from blockbuster for 99p. the guy behind the counter said the reason it was so cheap was because the disc was scratched to sh*t, but failed to mention that the reason it was so cheap was because the film was a p*ss poor effort that sucked harder than paris hilton in a hotel room home video. talking of home videos, since when has it been fair game to release them as films - i mean to say, films used to employ actors and technicians and scriptwriters and so on - not any more - just gather your friends and lame-o ideas together for the weekend, lavish the production with an £8.00 budget, and get someone to fall down the stairs with a casio keyboard (the soundtrack) - then slap it on the shelves, for some poor sap (me), to take home in lonely desperation. but here's the clincher - i fast forwarded through most of this, and tossed it to one side, ready for the hammers... until the next night, while watching a darren day horror 'hellbreed' (£1.99 to take home and keep from a different blockbuster). now this film made 'grim weekend' look like the exorcist, so i slapped grim weekend back on, to catch up on some of the moments listed on the wonderful imdb boards, that viewers claimed were hilarious. sure enough, once i had got over the misery, the pain, and the horror, of realising grim weekend was utter chod on toast, i could enjoy, savour, and downright get down to the funny stuff. and there's a lot of it. check the boards. then check the flick. hell, it might even be worth it. awwwww crap!

