dark wolf (quick review) let's get right to it: this is a repugnant piece of rotting roadkill with cow sh*t on it. it's just an awful movie. it's an urban werewolf movie with some of the worst acting imaginable and a story as weak as any gangly nerd from an 80's high school drama film. what's worse is that poor kane hodder was duped into playing the gigantic evil werewolf. kane f*cking hodder. someone's trying to ensure that playing jason voorhees is the height of his film career...anyway, former playmate jaime bergman is also in the movie and she eventually becomes a werewolf, too. it's kind of a crappy cop drama with the world's worst looking werewolf in it. but it does have moments of near-rampant nudity. but that's about all. want to know more? okay, the werewolf is generally an ugly-looking black blur zipping around the screen. and when we're privileged enough to actually see a transformation sequence, we're presented with something that resembles a full-motion video from a video game made during the early stages of the playstation. the first playstation. the cg animation is really that primitive. only good for horror hardcore fanatics that want to see small moments of nudity surrounded by rampant visual vomit. 2/10www.residenthazard.com

i wish more movies were two hours long. on the other hand, i wish more american civil war movies were merely two hours long. "gone with the wind", "gettysburg" - that's about the length i've come to expect; although those two at least entertained for however many hours they lasted; and even "gettysburg" lasted as long as it did because things happened in the course of it.by contrast ang lee's film is bloated and uneventful. it actually feels as if it takes much less than two hours. that wasn't a compliment. it's really no different to any other form of sensory deprivation: at the time it feels as though it will never end, afterwards it seems to have taken no time at all.the film gets off on the wrong foot, as lee plays his interminable credits over the opening footage (bad mistake) in which we are introduced to some characters we take an instant dislike to and will later come to loathe. the central two are jake, the son of german immigrants who are staunch supporters of lincoln, and jack, an equally staunch southerner whose values jake shares. (i had to re-read that sentence to make sure i hadn't written "jack" instead of "jake" at some point or vice versa.) the two go off to become "bushwhackers" - southern militia who so strongly lust after revenge and violence that they can't even be bothered to join the official southern army, which i presume they think is for sissies. i'm afraid lee lost me right there. it's easy to feel for characters who make moral mistakes: if we have some independent reason to like them, or feel as if we know them in some way, then their moral flaws can make us care for them all the more. not so here. we aren't properly introduced to jake for at least an hour; when we are, it becomes clear he's a gormless pimple of a man, who isn't a confederate by choice so much as by habit - the kind of person who says and does what everyone around him says and does, whose psychology is purely immitative. the people he associates with are either just the same or positively evil in some uninteresting way. i found myself cheering whenever the northern cavalry appeared on the screen. i thought: good - kill the rebels, end the damned war, let me go home.aggravating this problem is the horrible, horrible dialogue. everyone speaks in the same whining southern accent. i've heard accents from all over the english-speaking world and this is the worst of them all. i don't care if southerners really did talk like that, it's simply not fair to ask an audience to listen to it for two hours. and believe me, we do listen to it for the full two hours: lee's picture is a talky one, largely because characters take so long to say what they mean in their ungrammatical, say-everything-three-times, folksy drawl. it would help if they talked faster, but not much. can't these people find a more efficient language in which to communicate?in short: the film is little but a gallery of uniformly unattractive characters with no inner life, who talk in an offensively ugly mode of speech, who don't bathe often enough, to whom nothing of interest happens, despite their being involved in a war. good points? jewel was nice to look at, and so was the scenery. but i have complaints even here. the cinematography, nicely framed, looked as if someone had susbtituted colour film for black and white by mistake; and as for jewel, we were teased with her body, but never actually allowed to gaze upon it, which i think is the least we were owed.

what is it? is a mish-mash of bizarre recurring motifs (snails, shirley temple, swastikas, and overtly racist music, among others) unfettered by any sort of narrative or plot or character development. the whole thing struck me as self-consciously "freak show," and i don't mean only the unusual casting decisions. it has the feel of a bad acid trip, far beyond any level of drug use one might attribute to hunter s. thompson or william s. burroughs. the only movie to which i can compare it is eraserhead (my second-least-favorite film of all time), which was by intent much more depressing, but i still found what is it? a total waste of my time. it's one thing to give me a peek into the inner workings of someone else's mind -- even someone else's chemically altered consciousness -- but quite another to just throw weird visuals at me purely for the sake of weirdness.

i saw his film at the ann arbor film festival. i am a film student at the univeristy of michigan so i know a thing or two about film. and crispin glover's film is outrageous. he basically exploits the mentally challenged. not only is shirly temple the anti-christ (which i admit is a little funny) telling the mentally challenged to kill each other, but there is an obsession with killing snails. crispin also plays with the idea of being in love with one of his actors who is as they all are, mentally challenged. peta and human rights should be all over this thing. it's not 'counter-culture' as crispin stated at the ann arbor film festival, it's exploitation.

i saw crispin glover's "what is it?" at the ann arbor film festival. admittedly, the film was at least aptly named, because i got the distinct sense that even the writer/director could provide no answer. at the question and answer session after the screening, mr. glover said that the film was originally meant to be a short film to show the virtue of using actors with down-syndrome. however, this is in itself not enough of a reason to create a film. actors are, in my opinion, building blocks for a larger vision - a larger vision that seemed muddled at best and absent at worst.crispin glover also said that he wanted to address taboo subjects. well, he does do that. but why? the film seems to have no stance, no reason for addressing anything. does he feel these things shouldn't be taboo? the film doesn't even give me an indicator of that. taboo for the sake of taboo is not interesting. it can't even afford to make the taboo disturbing or inciting on any level because he hasn't made the audience care in any way. ignoring problems with the concept for a moment, the thing that actually shocked me most was how poorly the film was put together. the editing, cinematography, and other technical aspects seemed frequently to be extremely amateur. glover said 125-150 thousand dollars went into the movie, and i feel that the money should have been spent on different designers (glover actually did some design himself - i know i saw at least sound design in the credits). the painted sets are okay (not great), but used poorly. parts feel like a photographed stage play - which would be fine if that went to any sort of purpose, but in glover's hands it just feels sloppy. other parts are filmed like a sort of home movie, of inferior quality to a lot of the stuff i see first-time filmmakers do on imovie.perhaps the biggest problem with "what is it?" is i can't even understand how seriously the film is to be taken. there are some parts that feel like glover is screaming at you to think seriously. at other points, he seems off on his own little joke. perhaps he meant for this to be ironic, or meaningful in some way, but i just felt that glover couldn't even get himself to give his film any sort of serious attention.glover said he originally wanted it to be a short film. if only it had been. at seventy-two minutes, the film runs out of imagery and ideas in the first twenty, and it is arguable if the ideas were formulated enough to claim that they were even there for that period of time.

i firstly and completely and confidently disagree with the user who calls this a "spoof". crispin glover is very serious about his film. he personally introduced the film at the screening i saw in chicago. he had worked on the film for years and it is the first in an intended trilogy. "what is it?" is crispin glover's attempt at an art film in the vein of those he idolizes by herzog, lynch etc.i had heard rumor of this film years ago "epic porno movie with all down-syndrome cast directed by crispin glover". when it finally came out i watched the trailer on-line and read the synopsis and i was foaming at the mouth with anticipation. ...i went to chicago to see it and it was a major disappointment. if he took out the goofy sh*t, such as the pot-smoking grandma, and the dancing dolls, he would be left with something much better, but only about 10 minutes long.in other words just watch the trailer, be entertained, and leave it at that. there are some striking images and fantastic juxtapositions and phrases, but its lack of focus amounts to disappointment.

*may contain a spoiler of sorts?* the mere mention of crispin glover is enough to send some geek's panties in a bunch. his landmark appearance in back to the future as george mcfly has sealed him into the american conscience forever. more recently, he has been trying to get back into the culty subconscious with bartleby and willard.this time, however, crispin has made a 76-minute, cheap dada film. at times it reminded me of genius, while overall it almost insulted me, but not because of its content. content? what is it? is a movie where, in one half of the movie, all of the actors have down's syndrome, giving it a freakshow feel to it. the other half of the movie includes crispin glover, adam parfrey, and a guy with cerebral palsy. this all had the feel of what john waters was attempting to do with desperate living, and simultaneously feeling more successful and failing miserably.the half with the down's syndrome actors also features many many killed snails. it is about a guy who has snails, and ends up killing one. he is also tormented by a bunch of other people, and a grasshopper. he falls in love with 2 girls, one of which he has sex with in a graveyard. he also has a falling out with a friend who teases him.in a weird semi-interior set, crispin glover is the director of this show. he is something like the control of the guy's mind, and the cerebral palsy guy is something like the sexuality. well, he at least gets masturbated in explicit scenes. there is other "shocking" imagery made humorous, like nazi swaztikas crossed with shirley temple, and minstrels in black face saying they're michael jackson.in the outside world, the tormentor is still dealing with his love of killing snails and being beaten by the other people. they beat him with rocks, and such. later, they beat the minstrel after putting him on trial.back to the interior, crispin glover is still the ruler of his set, and tries to control everybody, but fails miserably.what is it? makes less sense than dr. caligari, and has more than a passing style stolen from it. the claustrophobic mental space feels very much like the way the no-wall sets of dr. caligari felt claustrophobic. they also had some dialogue that was absolute nonsense. and, it was all wrapped up with absurdist imagery for humor.the problem is, about 20 minutes into the movie...maybe a little more...what is it? runs out of imagery. for the next 56 minutes, we keep running on the same sets of images, only introducing new imagery in the form of an absurdist puppet show. the movie seems little more than a movie which attempts to push the envelope in offensive and taboo imagery. it tries to mock and confuse the audience. but, the issue is that it only has enough different imagery for a 40 minute movie.even worse than that, the cinematography, set design, and everything else felt very very cheap and almost unplanned. it felt like "ok, this is the way we can do it and get it out of the way." it didn't feel interesting, and was quite...boring. dr. caligari, on the other hand, had amazing cinematography and framing. the difference between the two is quite astounding.rating: c

the words "swedish" and "action movie" do not mix. that becomes more and more obvious with every attempt made in the genre. this is yet another failed attempt.lasse brunell (shanti roney) works at a military air base with top secret computer systems. one day foreign criminals threaten to hurt his family if he doesn't do what they tell him. they want the secret equipment and will do anything to get it.this movie has it's ups and downs. and usually in swedish action movies there are no "ups", just "downs". so i guess something in this movie showed some quality. to begin with the positive remarks i can mention that the movie is technically well made. the footage of planes and helicopters flying are well shot and look very nice. the acting is of very varying quality. shanti roney makes a decent performance while maria bonnevie is stiff and unnatural as usual (i wonder how long swedish directors are going to keep using her even though she has the acting skills of a wooden plank?). stefan sauk is laughable as the "cool" special forces man who comes to the base to investigate.and what about the action scenes? well as i said above the scenes of planes and helicopters flying are nice. but aside from that there is not much action to talk about. and that is a common problem with swedish action films. there is just not enough action going on. maybe it's a budget problem, maybe it's film-making culture. i don't know, but it negatively affects the experience. because quite frankly, the story and acting is not good enough for this movie to rely just on that.i rate this 4/10 for effort.

a film as bad as this should be withdrawn from all stores world wide. so full of boring, dull, unimaginative characters, and with a lead character with such an annoying attitude and dry voice constantly giving a thoughtless voice over for every action and feeling, this film holds the record for the most challenging film i have ever watched. as i had payed money to own it, i felt a duty to see it through, and how i regret it. my head hurt throughout because of the terribly dull characters and their pointless, plot less lives. a bunch of kids who have zero knowledge about anything, are all frigid and worst of all, have terrible dialogue throughout, just mulling around as the main character tries to get a date with the girl. boring, so much so my friend was shaking with hatred and i was red with embarrassment that i'd thrown away £6. the dvd was on ebay the following day, and i didn't make much of my money back. avoid like the plague.

this movie is one of the most awful i've ever seen. not only is the dialogue awful, it never ends. you'll think it's ending, but it's not. how long is it, 140, 160 minutes? i don't even know. i do know that i'll never watch it again. it's like someone took a romantic comedy, took out the comedy, then decided to downplay the romance, leaving us with the pile of crap that managed to make its way to the screen. but don't take my word for it, find out for yourself how terrible this film is.

after watching about half of this i was ready to give up and turn it off, but i endured to the end. this is a movie that tries to be a romantic comedy and fails. the acting is poor---much worse than the acting in 80s t&a movies.there are several attempts at humour that fail miserably and the movie is 100% predictable. perhaps if you are a teenager this movie will hold some appeal, but for those that have seen many movies, you will know how the film turns out after the first 10 minutes. the rest of your time will be spent in agony waiting for the ending credits to roll.don't waste your time watching this.

all logic goes straight out of the train window in this british horror film, set in the london underground and starring the usually reliable franka potente (run lola run), franka plays kate, a businesswoman on the way from an office party to meet friends who falls asleep at an underground station, only to wake up and find she has been locked in and finds herself being chased by "someone" or "something" with killer intentions.plot holes and unbelievability are rife and there are very few moments that are actually jumpy/ scary but plenty that are just plain dull.all in all an unpleasant film that should just stay locked underground forever and do us all a favour.the only plus point here is the inclusion in the cast of popular veteran actor ken campbell, who's done better than this – that's even including "erasmus microman"!.

this is quite possibly the worst film i have ever seen. worse than the most abhorrent american dross; worse than glitter - mariah carey in american dross par excellence. i can only imagine that the writer and producer were taking huge amounts of recreational pharmaceuticals, and when discussing the plot actually thought it was a good idea. it's not. it is abject rubbish from very bowels of satan himself (who could probably have written a better script had he put his mind to it). robert jones as exce producer, spending our tax payers money (lottery money folks) on this piece of nonsense, should be accountable. who on earth thought it would be a good idea to re-make deathline??? i ask you - camp as a christmas tree, deathline ... 'mind the doors' is classic of really bad british film, we really don't need a reminder. and we certainly don't need a poor, second rate, badly scripted, badly developed and badly piece of rubbish like this. all this this from the uk funding agency that brought us sex lives of the potato men... i rest my case.do not pay any money to see this. it is absolute and utter crap - the one saving grace for the producers is that they got a huge wedge of cash... our cash... for making it. they should hang their heads in shame.i am staggered at the low, low standard of this film. it makes me mgr that our national body for the support of film actually thought it was worth supporting. there is no hope for the british film industry whilst idiots are running the show. harvey wienstein where are you? come back, we forgive you!!!

the opening sequence is supposed to show the legion arriving in paris on 13 nov 1918. the troops pile off the train -- wearing the uniform in which the french army, including the legion, marched off to war in 1914! this a sure sign that the war flick you are about to see will be a turkey. (the french army realized by 1915 that going to war in red trousers and dark blue overcoats was not working. metropolitan french troops were put into "horizon blue" and colonial troops were put into khaki.) the claude van-damme (sp?) remake at least got the uniforms more or less right. really is too bad when directors make these sorts of mistakes when they then go to all the effort to get other things right.

you can tell a lew grade production a mile off – distinctly british in style; epic in conception; peopled by international all-star casts; usually set in exotic climes. it's a formula that grade and his company itc employed throughout the 70s into the early 80s, resulting in titles like the eagle has landed, firepower, and raise the titanic! in 1977 grade produced march or die, a remarkably old-fashioned foreign legion adventure that models all the characteristics mentioned above. directed by the usually dependable dick richards – who helmed the acclaimed farewell my lovely just a couple years earlier - march or die is an unfortunate disappointment.a company of foreign legionnaires led by the harsh disciplinarian general foster (gene hackman) is sent to morocco shortly after world war 1. their mission is to protect an archaeological party fronted by the dedicated francois marneau (max von sydow). the archaeologists are carrying out an excavation at the ancient city of erfoud, but fear an attack from arab tribesmen following the decimation of an earlier archaeological group. foster is not happy with the assignment – he does not consider historical artifacts worthy of his men risking their lives. this creates ongoing tension between himself and marneau, who believes that the legionnaires should sacrifice their lives to make the excavation possible. the problems heighten when a beautiful woman named simone picard (catherine deneuve) tags along with the legionnaires. she is hoping to find out what happened to her father, a historian abducted by the arabs when they wiped out the first archaeological team. her presence arouses desires amongst the legionnaires, none more so than gypsy thief marco segrain (terence hill), a charming and courageous rogue who initially shows indifference towards his legionnaire colleagues but gradually grows in stature. things climax with a huge battle at erfoud, with swarms of united arab tribes charging against the handful of legionnaires as they desperately try to defend their lives.on paper the star duo of gene hackman and terence hill seem a mismatch – hackman is the heavyweight oscar-winning character actor, hill the handsome but limited italian heart-throb from numerous low budget spaghetti westerns. one expects hackman to act his counterpart off the screen. yet, bizarrely, it is hackman who gives the weak and uninvolving performance, while hill raises his game to surprisingly high levels. the film is attractively shot on desert locations, but the pacing is awfully slow and few of the characters are worth caring for. maurice jarre's music is uncommonly flat too – very disappointing from the guy who gave us the lawrence of arabia score. it is remarkable that anyone had the nerve to try an old-fashioned adventure of this type in the 70s (it was a genre that peaked in the 30s, and had been all but forgotten during the intervening decades). sadly, the gamble doesn't really pay off – this homage to the legionnaire flicks of old becomes more of a plod than a march.

friday the 13th step over! there is officially a worse movie than your hateful series out there. i won this movie in a contest at college, and it was a waste of money even if it was free. jack jones stars as a truly awful singer whose trying to find some murderers or something. at least friday the thirteenth never bored me. i'd rather have my fingernails pulled than see this again.

