there is a remark that one of heroines was raped on "drunken rampage" by russian soldiers, which is completely untrue. this movie should not be shown only because of this.also there is a statement by someone, that kgb prosecuted "jews, gypsies etc", which is "worse than nazis". kgb was looking for so called "zionist" agents, who were (kgb believed) imperialist agents. this is totally different from targeting jewry as a whole nation, as nazis did. gypsies were never prosecuted. kgb was political tool and used politically, but from internationalist standpoint. communists really did not distinguish between nationalities.whole movie stinks like fake. main hero does not speak russian, signs in berlin contains typographical errors, kgb general looks totally phony. some so called "russian proverbs" are totally made up, and list goes on and on.not recommended to watch - this movie is full of lies, and phony stuff. go to "good shepherd" instead.

i was really looking forward to this show given the quality of the actors and the fact that the scott brothers were involved. unfortunately my hopes were dashed! yet again we are led to believe that the kgb are a group of inept morons who don't have a clue what they are doing. at one point there is a laughable scene where 4 kgb agents couldn't handle one cia agent. i grow weary of these biased, one sided and completely inaccurate portrayals of the spy game that went on during the cold war. i find it laughable that the us is incapable of making objective movies about their involvement in ww2 and beyond. just like the pathetic u-571, where we are led to believe that the us obtained the enigma machine, again, utterly false.to its credit, "the company" is very well filmed and acted. the locales are also exceptionally well realised. alfred molina puts in a great performance as does keaton (the conflict between them is very well done). i really wanted to like this show and no doubt i will end up watching the other 2 episodes but i really wish that us productions would stop trying to portray their spies, servicemen etc as supermen who are vastly intellectually and physically superior to anyone else on the planet. it gets old fast and seriously detracts from the plausibility of what could have been a 10/10.s

i do regret that i have bought this series. i expected more action, more objective picture and more consistency. this is just a pure propaganda series, very dark, without any charm, or romanticism, it is just boredom itself. i find the actors work quite weak as well. o'donnell might seem charming as robin (with batman), but in this picture he lacks any charm. probably while he becomes older, he is loosing his childish charm but does not gain any charm of a grown up. it comes as no surprise, that it was not shown in a lot of countries and is being sold in the uk for 40% of the recommended price and was not even released in the netherlands.

proof that not everything tarantino touches turns to gold. this is most definitely plastic, all the way. its easy to see that without quentin's involvement this would have probably sat on the shelf for years, that's assuming it would have ever got produced in the first place. it is about a woman with a fascination of death who gets a job cleaning up after crime scenes, angela jones is unconvincing in this role, william baldwin is better as the serial killer who keeps jones in employment!. all in all pretty poor.

years ago i saw the godfather and it made a lasting impression on me, the atmosphere of the movie was first class, the acting memorable and the storyline a classic. recently i bought the trilogy and after watching part 1 again i looked eagerly to viewing part 2...... i was so pleased to realize early on into part 2 that here was a fitting follow on to the great godfather movie, again everything was just about perfect and i could not wait to see godfather iii ........ wrong!, i wish i'd stopped at ii. the storyline was not good, it seemed to me like a story made up just to have a story, the characters were weak especially the daughter. pacino's protege was a weak character that would have been eaten alive in godfather 1 or 2. then scenes such as, corleone being invested with all the trappings of the catholic church with full choir, the assassin on horseback riding away into the sunset, the unseen helicopter machine gunning of the meeting (where the 'goodies' get away and everyone else is shot),daughter and 1st cousin rolling bits of pasta across a board, the pathetic shooting on the steps ..... corleone stuffing sweets down him with orange juice for diabetes (a man of his intelligence and guile isn't ready for an emergency?)... no it was not good and with the best will in the world i wont be able to watch it again. but i'll watch 1 & 2 many times down the years.

and, finally, old, old michael corleone falls over and goes 'thump!' who really did the writing for this last installment of the godfather saga? probably the same staff who does "as the world turns." this flick doesn't deserve the title "godfather" at all. let's call this one "the cosas of our nostras" or "all my capos". as someone who's encountered a number of mafia people in my business life, i can say without exception, that i've never met any mobster as inwardly-conflicted and contemplative as michael corleone. let's face it, these guys are in the mafia solely because they're greedy, nothing more. in this film, don corleone spends lots of time pondering his past deeds and his bleak future, perhaps even the afterlife, then recovers remarkably fast in order to pull off some fantastic business deal or order the death of this one or that one like the big time operator he is, deep down. then, there's his failed marriage. after the break-up scenes in g2, we may hope that michael & kay will reunite as man and wife, but here they seem to just become very good, platonic friends who can laugh & cry & share intimate thoughts about their lives. it's as if the screenwriters try to make michael into a woman. it's bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years. there's some miscasting here and there, or perhaps they're sins of authorship. poor, old-country-beautiful sophia coppola is saddled with a hopeless role, with too many short lines in the film that don't fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - was given "remarks" rather than "lines" to emote. her 'passionate' lovemaking scene with andy garcia looks like something from a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open-mouthed kisses and fondle each others backsides on the kitchen drainboard like marionettes...scullery sex was brought off wonderfully by glenn close and michael douglas, but it's just laughable here. then, there's andy's character, vinnie mancini, who's also given a difficult & thankless role to play. he's expected, i guess, to be the new, new don corleone, but he's almost handed the job on a silver platter and has to do little to strengthen his position, unlike michael's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in g1. this hand-me-down process may be an authentic way of transferring power in a mafia family, but why is so much made of this boring routine? certainly, don vincent may earn the respect of his fellow gangsters someday, but there's little character revelations in the script to give us a portrait of this young man, sadly. puzo did such a fine job of quickly & concisely developing michael's character in g1. but, g3 has no economy in it's story-telling and we suffer through drawn out expositories until we just want to take a snooze. thirdly, george hamilton was also handed a thankless task, in taking over as family lawyer after robt duvall reportedly turned down a 3rd installment as tom hagen. george wisely underplayed his role, so it came off without damage to the actor. the development of connie corleone's character is interesting, but it goes too far when she takes murderous matters into her own hands (she could well end up sleeping with the fredos, if this were the real world). but, it's not all bad. the assassination scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty! also, "they keep pulling me back in" or words to that effect is a great line. and, we recover some old-country feel as we get to go back to sicily, even if it's all done in 1989 and they've got modern cars & haircuts. the plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the catholic church are pretty interesting, since it's based on some actual financial shenanigans at banco vaticani in the 1980's, but it's brought too far, again, with the too-spectacular death scenes, etc. the grand opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed. but, the death scene of mary toward the end is an unbalanced attempt of emotional-manipulation, at best. all screenwriters need to learn that we don't always need more and more death in order to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion. you feel sorry for kay that her daughter is dead, she plays her grief so well, but michael's reaction is hammy, hammy, hammy. then, michael dies sometime in the 21st century, in sicily, alone on a grand estate, of heart-failure...no grandson to play with before his demise, no wife to grieve for him. what should have happened in the last 1/2 of this movie is michael being tracked down by someone like rudy guilliani, put on trial, all his dirty family's sleazy little enterprises and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the light of day, michael then convicted under rico statutes and sent to federal prison for life...then he can keel over dead from heart-failure while mopping a floor in leavenworth. that's how mafia dons were ending their careers in the late 80's and early 90's and they got much better treatment than what they deserved.

i dislike this movie a lot. if you've read the puzo's books, or at least have watched very closely the two first movies (specially the first one), you're going to agree with me.compared with the corleone's saga presented by puzo's novel, the script of this film is, sometimes, even ridiculous. the characters and the relationships among them are distorted. the story ends up reaching nowhere, although it appears to go to some direction during the movie.it is understandable that different times should be expected for the corleone's saga in the 90's, and that we would not gonna find things the way they were before. but, in the other hand, i don't know why they had to copy some dialogues from the other movies, in contexts when they didn't fit. why this? it sounds like those poorly made sequels that just try to copy the original film's qualities.what will never be understandable is the fact that mario puzo, coppola and al pacino joined together to make this. a man who directed pieces like apocalypse now and godfather has to be forgiven for almost anything he does in cinema until he dies. so does al pacino, for being the actor he is. but mario puzo shouldn't have written this. how come? he damaged all his previous work. what a shame, my friend. the puzo's novel "the last don" is a 90's story about the mob, and it is great. we can never tell the same about the plot for the godfather iii.

near the beginning of "the godfather: part iii," michael corleone's son wants to drop out of law school and become a musician. michael corleone does not want this. but his estranged ex-wife, kay, manages to convince him to let anthony corleone pursue music as he wishes. so he does.that seems like an odd way to start a review, as it is a minor plot point and has nothing really to do with the major action. just bear with me here; you'll see where i'm going with this eventually. now let me tell you about the major plot. it is about michael corleone wanting to quit crime for good (he has largely abandoned all criminal elements in his family business). but then along comes vincent mancini, an illegitimate nephew, who is involved in a feud. so of course michael must endure yet another brush with criminality and gun violence and all that good gangster stuff. meanwhile, vincent has a semi-incestuous affair with michael's daughter mary. oh, and michael and kay are trying to patch up all the horrid things that happened at the end of part ii.it is like a soap opera. one horrid, awful, 169-minute soap opera. gone is any sort of the sophistication, romance, and emotional relevance that made the first two movies hit home so hard. after a 16-year break in the franchise, francis ford coppola delivered a mess of sop and pretentiousness entirely incongruous with the first two films, once again proving his last great work was "apocalypse now" back in the 1970's.what's worse, "the godfather: part iii" isn't even a logical follow-up of "the godfather: part ii." michael is a completely different person. he hasn't just gone to seed (which might be legitimate, even if it'd be no fun to watch). he's become a goody-goody that's trying to fix all the tragedy that made part ii such a devastating masterpiece. his confession to the priest was bad enough, but that little diabetes attack in the middle pushed it over to nauseating. he also gets back together with kay! for heaven's sakes, there is absolutely no way that should happen, as the 2nd movie made abundantly clear! she aborted his baby, and his sicilian upbringing made him despise her for it. didn't francis ford coppola even think of these things?and don't even get me started on mary and vincent's affair! for a romance so forbidden, it was shockingly unengaging. sofia coppola's acting did nothing to help. she made the smartest move of her life when she switched from in front of the camera to behind it, because she was possibly the worst actress i have ever seen in a best picture nominee. every line she delivered was painfully memorized, and every time the drama rested on her acting abilities, all she elicited was inappropriate giggles. in the climactic scene--i won't go into detail, but you'll know which scene i'm talking about when/if you watch it--she looks at michael and says, "......daddy?" i think i was meant to cry, but the line was delivered so poorly i burst out into long, loud laughter!now we get to the climax, and now you will also realize why i took time to start the review with a description of anthony corleone's musical ambitions. after 140 minutes of petty drama and irrelevant happenstances, anthony corleone returns... with an opera! so michael, kay, mary, and vincent go to see it, and for about 10-15 minutes a couple killers walk around trying to assassinate michael. about this climactic sequence, i must say one thing: it was really good! but not because of the killers--they were pretty boring. i just really liked the opera. it had some great music and real great set pieces. and, from what little it showed us, it seemed that the story had echoes of the corleone family's origin. i'll bet it was one swell opera, and i'll bet michael corleone was glad he let his son switch from law school to music.my biggest wish is this: that francis ford coppola had merely filmed anthony corleone's opera for 169 minutes and ditched the rest of the soggy melodrama. better yet, i wish he hadn't made "the godfather: part iii" at all. part ii gave us the perfect ending. this spin off was self-indulgent and unnecessary.p.s. this is not a gut reaction to the film. i watched all 3 godfather films over a month ago (though i was rewatching the first one). not only does this mean that my expectations for part iii weren't screwed (in fact, i had set the bar rather low for it after what i heard), but it also means i've had a good time to think about all three films. while i was a bit disappointed with part ii at first, the more i thought about it, the better it seemed. but with part iii, it was bad to begin with, then got worse the more i thought about it. the sad thing is that many people will stop with part i, but if they watch part ii as well, they will most likely go on to part iii. if you have the will, watch parts i & ii and pretend like part iii never existed.

the godfather part i was a stunning look inside the fictional corleone family and how an innocent young man was all but forced into circumstances he never wanted to have a part of. the godfather part ii shows that young man's acceptance of his new role, his desensitization of character, as well as his complete loss of all innocence as he dives deeper and deeper into a life of crime. the first two parts of this saga of this transformation of michael corleone make for one of the greatest tragedies in cinematic history.then, along came the godfather part iii. michael corleone is now the aging don of the corleone family. he shows remorse for his previous actions not through subtle behaviors, but by trying to use his powers for good and admitting all his wrongdoings and regrets to others. very cliche and uncharacteristic of the complex character that is michael corleone. michael's plans to use his powers for good are derailed by an ambitious young disciple and his enemies. michael's daughter is eventually a casualty of the ongoing mob wars and her death predictably leads to michael realizing that his entire life as don has been worthless for he has failed in the one thing that was the reason for putting himself into the position he was in: protecting his family.the godfather part ii ends with michael corleone reaching the lowest of the lows: having his own brother killed. before part iii was made, the godfather saga was an emotionally riveting tale of an innocent young man's journey into darkness with the unbelievably tragic end of michael forgetting his roots and abandoning the one thing that has always mattered most to him and those around him: family loyalty. part iii paints the picture of michael as a man who is and always has been just a victim of circumstance. this greatly corrupts the meaning of the first two films.the godfather part iii is a horrible mess of a film that never should have been made. the only solution to the problem that is this final installment of the godfather movies is to pretend that it does not exist and that the saga actually ends with michael's shockingly horrible act of having a member of his own family killed.

the danish movie "slim slam slum" surprised me to be the worst movie i have seen to this date. i didn't think that it was possible to top my list of bad bad b-movies but this one deserves the gold. it's not funny. it's bad acting, it's bad filmed and the storyline is bad. the only positive thing i can say about this movie is it has three girls in it. i truly believe this flick has the potential to knock of the other danish movie "stjerner uden hjerner" as the badest danish film ever made! and that's truly something. congratulations in advance!

this is a terrible, terrible film!!!!!!!!!first of all tooo long. the longest movie i have ever seen.the stories are all too damn over the top!!!!as a matter of fact there are too many stories that the story line is ruined.the comedy wasn't comedy!!!!! it wasn't funny at all....the story is so repulsive and badly written that it doesnot matter if the characters live or die.......i had some expectations from this movie......... but my expectations were crashed completely in the first few minutes......the only thing good about this movie is the music...... and obviously vidya balan. she gives the best performance and stands out among all the senior actors...... she's just a new comer and yet she shines and makes the rest of the cast look so pathetic!!!!! govinda and the blonde who playes his love interest also help saving this disastrous movie. govinda perfectly fits in the role of the taxi driver. and the blonde also gives a very subtle and consistent performance....another talented actress ayesha takiya is completely wasted in this movie!!!! so is priyanka!!!!!!!!! akshay does his role well but it seemed too over the top!!!!! anil and juhi are also totally wasted......the only one not wasted is salman because he has no talent what so ever to be wasted!!!!!!!!!all in all this is a very impossible movie with mishmashed screenplay and tooo masladar that the storyline is shaped according to the stupid comedy scenes. imagine how stupid this movie is!!!!!!3/10 it is four hours long!!!! think and rethink before going to the cinemas!!!!! better avoid it!!!!!

six for the price of one! so it is a bonanza time for cinegoers. isn't it? here it is not one, not two but all six-love stories, an ensemble cast of top stars of bollywood, plus all stories in the genre of your favorite top directors johar, bhansali, chopra et al. you will get to see every damn type of love story that you enjoyed or rather tolerated for years now. so no big deal for you. do you need anything more than this? no sir, thank you. why sir? enough is enough. please spare us. they signed every top star that they manage to sign, whether required or not, so they end up making a circus of stars, believe it or not. too crowded every thing depicted here is exactly how it is prescribed in bollywood textbook of romances. plus you have to justify the length given to each story, as each has stars. therefore, it is too long-three hours plus. the gags are filmy. characters are filmy. problems, barriers, situations, resolution  yes you guessed it right, again. filmy-tried and tested. same hundreds of dancers dancing in colorful costumes in background. why they have no other work to do? all couples are sugary-sweet, fairy tale type, picture perfect. all are good looking. each story beginning in a perfect way and therefore should ends also in that impossible perfect manner? too haphazard. you can't connect to a single story. here you have everything that you already seen a million times. bloody fake, unreal, escapist abnormal stories considered normal for more than hundred years since evolution of this indian cinema. what a mockery of sensibilities of today's audience? yes it could have worked as a parody if he just paid tribute to love-stories of yesteryear but alas even that thing is not explored. at least, director nikhil advani should have attempted one unconventional, offbeat love story but then what will happen to the tradition of living up to the mark of commercial bollwood potboiler brigade? oh! somebody has to carry on, no. imagine on one hand audience finds it difficult to sit through one such love story and here we have six times the pain. i mean six damn stories. i mean double the fun of chopra's mohabbatein (year 2000) in this age and time, get something real, guys. we are now desperate to see some not so colorful people and not so bright stories oh, what have you said just now- come on, that is entertainment. my advice, please don't waste your time henceforth reading such reviews. go instead, have some more such entertainment! thank you.

the only possible way to enjoy this flick is to bang your head against the wall, allow some internal hemorrhaging of the brain, let a bunch of your brain cells die and once you are officially mentally retarded, perhaps then you *might* enjoy this film.the only saving grace was the story between raju and stephanie. govinda was excellent in the role of the cab driver and so was the brit girl. perhaps if they would have created the whole movie on their escapades in india and how they eventually fall in love would have made it a much more enjoyable film.the only reason i gave it a 3 rating is because of govida and his ability as an actor when it comes to comedy.juhi chawla and anil kapoor were wasted needlessly. plus the scene at heathrow of the re-union was just too much to digest. being an international traveler in the post 9/11 world, anil kapoor would have got himself shot much before he even reached the sky bridge to profess his true love :) but then again the point of the movie was to defy logic, gravity, physics and throw an egg on the face of the *general* audience.watch it at your own peril. at least i know i have been scarred for life :(

my sincere advice to all: don't watch the movie.don't even go near to the theater where this movie is being played!! even a glimpse of it is bad for health. serious. no jokes. it's 3.30 am in the morning. and i returned from this crappiest movie on this universe. four hours damn!!! i am proud that i survived after all of it! if this is called survival.i am highly frustrated. annoyed. disappointed. it was sheer waste of time! money went in drain! no plot. hope i wake up tomorrow sane and with no memories of this night!! rubbish movie.happy republic day to one and all :)

this is a sad film made for sad people. i was sitting in theaters tearing my hair apart, wanting to break the chairs in front of me as the movie spitted out one cringe-inducing scenes after another. and there were people roaring with laughter behind me, which made me wonder what kind of films these people must be watching to actually enjoy this horse-s**t.nikkhil advani has six stories with no plot and no interesting characters. the screenplay is dull, probably he was drunk when he was writing this film. there is no strong hold on any of these stories. nothing new , nothing to hold the audience and filled with dialogs which you would have heard a million times before. one of the stories is about this couple not being able to have sex because of series of disasters taking place every time they want to do it. i mean seriously is this story really required? its not funny, not creative but only proves that advani has no sense of comedy. another of the stories (which was probably the only story i was interested in) is based on a man's infidelity and that too ends in a lame age-old sati-savitri pati-parmeshwar crap. i have no idea what the salmaan-priyanka plot was all about. there was no issue in the plot for it to be a plot. she can't take karan johar's film because she has to marry salmaan ?? why can't she marry him and still take the film ?? or does advani and priyanaka just want to prove the world that it is in fact true that female actors cant be successful if they are married or that they should not act in films once they are married?? with six actors in the film obviously advani cant produce the film all by himself. so he makes full use of sponsors like the times group, shamelessly promoting their filmfare magazines. and also some jewelery brand which the women in the film absolutely seem to adore!! i come to imdb to give it the worst rating and i am shocked to see posts praising the film. it just goes to show the sad state of bollywood and how star struck the fans are. with fans like these, movies like salaam e ishq will be continue to be made and worse probably be a hit.

six different couples. six different love stories. six different love angles. eighty numbers of audience in the movie theater. looking at the eighty different parts of the silver screen.i am sitting in somewhere between them looking at the center of the screen to find out what's going on in the movie. all stories have got no link with each other, but somewhere down the line nikhil advani trying to show some relation between them. i tried to find out a few lines i could write as review but at the end of 3 hours 15 minutes found nothing to write. the movie is a poor copy of hollywood blockbuster love actually.my suggestion. don't watch the movie if you really want to watch a nice movie.

clocking in at an interminable three hours and twenty minutes, "salaam-e-ishq" is a pretty but superficial comic soap opera from india that regales us with six interwoven tales of romantic love (which is at least four tales too many in my estimation).filmed like a cross between an mtv music video and a super bowl beer commercial, the movie is a sprawling mishmash of exotic settings, dazzling colors, sexy showgirls, high-stepping song-and-dance numbers, dream and fantasy sequences, winking character asides, corny dialogue and way-over-the-top comical performances - all pretty much standard-issue stuff when it comes to bollywood happenings these days. it's an exhausting chore just trying to keep all the characters straight as they dance, prance and preen their way through the incomprehensible storyline.there's plenty for the viewer to feast his eyes on here - not least of all all the drop dead gorgeous women - but he'll need the patience of job to get him all the way through it.

we all have seen some unending epics in our times, but this one really tops them all! the movie is so long and so slow, that, just to put things in perspective, i felt a lot older when i left movie hall, than i entered it. at almost 4 hours length, it could have rather been made into a tele-serial.what starts as a promising comedy slowly loses its pace. nikhil advani has woven the plot around 6 love stories and he cant make justice to any one of them... there is no interconnection between them to start with, and links shown in last 20 minutes just seem to be forced to connect the story.situation is made worse by silly dialogues (most of them repeated in hindi cinema over years)and stupid cinematography.priyanka doesn't realise that she actually needs to play her role rather than just looking glam on screen... an utter waste of beauty without acting skills.and then there is loud-is-humorous govinda & my-face-twists-better-than-jim-carrey akshay khanna who keep belching at the top of their lungs to irritate already tired viewers.only good part in movie is john & vidya's love story & nice acting/comedy by sohail & isha. but they are so good at their roles that just these two couples could have justified the movie without jumbling it with other bunch of characters. their brilliance gets lost in the midst of other substandard plot lines.my guess - director was making two separate movies(may be more!) and some beginner assistant mixed up all the records, beyond a point of sorting them out, so director was left with no choice to show it all as a single movie...watch it only if you want to test your patience!!!

ok the director remakes love actually the director nikhil advani after debuting with khnh does his second half and waithe makes a 3:30 hours + film which loses on patience, time.etc the viewer seems like a 3 hrs sleep watching this filmok they had 6 stories so it was necessary but why? 6 stories?we have the anil- juhi story convincing but boring don't tv serials show such stories?we have govinda- shannon story which is funny and works well we have akshaye-ayesha story again believable but gets boring soon and the focus is on comedy more and that too slapstick boring comedywe have salman- priyanka story which is the worst, not just acting terms, it makes no sense at allwe have sohail- isha story to make you laugh and the trick works at times thanks to the boredom set by most of other storieswe have john- vidya story a good story in all respectsbut then by the time all stories come in bits n pieces the viewer gets bored and sleepy the climax isn't appealing though especially the climax of salman- priyanka story nikhil advani's handling is alright at places, some stories are well handled but weak at places music(sel)is good, but too many songs cinematography is nice, every story is given a different look, texture and it worksactors govinda rocks, after a dismissal comeback with bb he actually makes you laugh and love him in this film despite his age and weight anil kapoor acts his part well, though he looks out of shape and tired john excels in his part, akshaye khanna overacts for a changesohail khan is too over- the - top and isha has nothing to do anjana suknani is dismissalpriyanka and salman deserve an award for this film you are shocked?salman khan doesn't act only, just talks like he is in his sleep and that fake accent oh god priyanka overacts to such a standard you feel like throwing something on her, she does get better towards the end vidya balan is good, juhi chawla is okay shannon is okay

it's amazing to see how nikhil advani manages to attract people to the theater till the very day of the release. i mean..... look at the cast here , the promotion is superb, good enough songs and the trailers are fine. this makes it a house full on the first day, but it's only when people go and see the film they realize that there is no way their money is refundable. house full the first day , the movie is out the next week. this film, inspired by 'love actually' is what they say, didn't manage to handle the whole cast well. they tried to put in big stars but ended up by not even managing to bring out even an average performance by any one. the stories are hollow and cheesy, so the audience can't connect with any single one of them. it's a big disappointment to all those who like big stars or for that matter nikhil advani after his big success of 'kal ho na ho'.

the problems with nikhil advani's salaam-e-ishq are many. a one-line concept that looks good on paper (which also worked in an earlier english film - love actually) goes terribly wrong thanks to inept and shallow writing. a well-intentioned idea gets crushed to smithereens under the weight of its own gargantuan ambition. a director so completely besotted by his own much applauded first film goes overboard with the devices that worked in his earlier film (kal ho na ho) - try counting the number of times the device of split screens is used in this flick. the problem is - what worked fabulously in kal ho na ho were the emotional excesses of the karan johar school of film-making, but here, 'emotion' doesn't quite grace us with its appearance on the screen - no, not even cursorily. the writer/ director gives us 'six relationships with one common problem - love', but where is the intensity, where is the depth, where is the 'emotion'? a 'tribute to love' sans emotion? and one that goes on and on and on...... nah, it just cannot work! in my opinion, the basic requirement for a portmanteau film like this to work is that not only should each individual story be 'complete', it should - in some way or the other - follow the graph of the traditional three-act structure (screen writing guru, syd field's paradigm). that's the real reason why salaam-e-ishq didn't work for me. none of the stories had any depth or a roller-coaster ride of emotional ups and downs one expects in mainstream hindi cinema. also, the linkage between some of the stories seemed tenuous and very forced. it's not clear what salman khan is doing at ayesha takia's wedding. if he was required to be present at the wedding scene for a neat wrap-up, why not conjure a few more coincidences and bring the other two couples also to the wedding? that would be neater.but yes, some of the stories did have a lot of promise. for one, the anil kapoor-juhee chawla story tries to address a very real situation - mid-life crisis, but its journey is so linear that you're left wondering if it was really an issue. similarly, the problem of commitment in the akshaye khanna-ayesha takia story is also true to life. if only it was developed a little better. i felt that the more promising stories in this mish-mash were told from the male point of view, which is fine, but it brings down the emotional quotient of these stories because the female characters - juhee chawla and ayesh takia in particular - have all the depth of a half-filled bath tub. wasn't this film supposed to be about '12 different lives'? now the actors. john abraham still needs to learn acting, while vidya balan is dependable and endearing as ever. anil kapoor gets a role written just for him but sometimes overplay the boredom of his character. since she didn't get a meaty character to portray, juhee chawla uses her charming smile and natural acting style to cover up for it. akshaye khanna is fine despite going a trifle over-the-top in a few scenes. ayesha takia has nothing much to do, but she does remind us that she's the same girl who surprised us with her bravura performance in dor. govinda tries to make up for that huge mistake called bhagam bhag, and succeeds to a large extent.that brings me the most irritating track of the film (which unpardonably ends up hogging the maximum screen time) - salman khan and priyanka chopra. the track is irritating mainly because of them. but i must credit them for their consistency. they're consistently bad all through the film. priyanka could well be the next queen of hamming - i don't buy the crap that her role (that of an 'item girl') required her to act over-the-top. somebody should tell her the difference between being flamboyant because the character demands it and downright hamming. if you've seen rakhi sawant (who seems to be the inspiration behind this role) in her interviews and bigg boss you'll know what i mean. i strongly feel that if nikhil advani had taken rakhi sawant in this role rather than a bigger star like priyanka, the story would have worked better. salman khan's phony accent is.....well, shannon esra's hindi is less accented than salman's.to be fair to the director, he does manage to add some good directorial touches to the film. i particularly liked the use of grey as the predominant color in the anil kapoor-juhee chawla story as a metaphor for their boring existence, and the bright colors that come into the story with the arrival of the other woman. but will anyone choose to paint their house in varying, depressing shades of grey? that's acceptable cinematic license i would say. but when the film runs almost for 4 hours, it almost feels like the director is trying too hard to give the audience a glimpse of his 'touch' in an endlessly meandering montage of uninspiring sequences.maybe nikhil advani wants us to sit in the theatre for as long as is humanly possible- pata nahin, kal ho na ho.

i had a video of the thing. and i think it was my fourth attempt that i managed to watch the whole film without drifting off to sleep. it's slow-moving, and the idea of a mid-atlantic platform, which may have been revolutionary at the time, is now just a great big yawnaroony. apart from conrad veidt, the rest of the cast are pretty forgettable, and it is only in the action towards the end that things get really interesting. when the water started to spill big-time it even, on one occasion, woke me up.but give the man his due. no one could hold a cigarette like conrad veidt. he doesn't wedge it between his index and middle fingers like the lesser mortals. he holds it in his fingers, while showing us the old pearly-browns. there are a few scenes in this film where the smoke drifts up to heaven against a dark background,and looks very artistically done. but it does not say much about this film if all that impresses you is the tobacco smoke.

the acronymic "f.p.1" stands for "floating platform #1". the film portends the building of an "f.p.1" in the middle of the atlantic ocean, to be used as an "air station" for transatlantic plane flights. based a contemporary curt siodmark novel; it was filmed in german as "f.p.1 antwortet nicht" (1932), in french as "i.f.1 ne répond plus" (1933), and in english as "f.p.1" (1933). soon, technology made non-stop oceanic travel much more preferable.stars conrad veidt (as ellissen), jill esmond (as droste), and leslie fenton (as claire) find love and sabotage on and off the atlantic platform. karl hartl directed. mr. veidt is most fun to watch; but, he is not convincing in the "love triangle" with ms. esmond and mr. fenton. the younger co-stars were the spouses of laurence olivier and ann dvorak, respectively. both the concept and film have not aged well. **** f.p.1 (4/3/33) karl hartl ~ conrad veidt, jill esmond, leslie fenton

john pressman (micheal 'i shoulda called ditech' lerner) works at a doctor's office as an orderly. his mother (zelda 'poltergeist' rubenstein) hypnotizes him to off the people who see thinks wronged him. but this turns out to be a movie within a movie, but the lines soon blur as john goes a movie theater to kill. prompting a guy who's watching the movie to do the same. lerner is suitably over the top in this, but zelda repeats lines of dialog over and over again. that gets annoying fast. but not as annoying as the two girls who are watching the movie within a movie.as a horror film this one fails, it's too busy trying to be clever, trying to impart a message and seems to forget a slasher film must evoke a sense of tension, or at least a jump or two. no, what we have here is the worst kind of slasher: an art-house one.my grade: d+

the dialogue was pretty dreadful. the plot not really all that inspired beyond the obvious twist it presents. not visually stunning. actually visually annoying at times. most definitely one of those films you find easier to finish if you keep one finger on the fast forward button. if you could watch it for free, have absolutely no other options open at the moment and you really dig seeing the little poltergeist lady... well maybe i'd recommend it to you, but not anyone else i could think of at the moment.

i should have figured that any movie with the poltergeist lady in it isn't going to be good. it actually starts out okay, but during the first murder scene you find out that the movie you're watching is a movie inside of a movie. there's people sitting in a movie theatre watching that movie. one girl in the audience is so annoying that i would have turned around and strangled her. a bit strange, but far from good.

a somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predictable plot about world war two dangers. the mystery is whether or not jane graystone (nancy coleman) has amnesia. the best acting is done by raymond massey as dr. ingersoll, a good doctor turned evil. he is head of a spy ring attempting to get information from amnesiac jane, coded information related to allied activities. will she tell? can she remember? moroni olson (as mr. goodwin) is convincing as an accomplice to massey. the role played by john garfield (as dr. lewis) is nothing short of disastrous. he seems so badly miscast that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history. it is unfortunate that so talented an actor is stuffed into a role which not befitting his talents. the movie is worth one look, despite being a half spy and half gangster film, and despite containing a parade of stereotyped characters. it's easy to forget this one, amnesia is not necessary.

this 'movie' has to be the biggest pile of steaming c*^p i have everseen, what more can i say than bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. there is nothing to save this 'movie' and i pray that they never even talk about making a sequel. if you are thinking about watching this then you should know that the storyline is that two garbage men get dragged into saving the earth. movies like men in black has been torn to shreds and put back together to make this 'comedy' but have totally failed. please avoid this movie, (save yourself).

words fail me. this film was extremely difficult to watch and in hindsight i really wish i hadn't done it. although i attempted to sit through it until the end credits i have to admit i couldn't last for more than hour, so my opinion could be unfair. however, this film would require the most impressive final third in the history of film-making in order for it to be given a review which is anything but vicious.please do not watch any part of this film.

i watched this on a weekend afternoon as there was simply nothing else on, it would have been more entertaining to chew off my feet and probably less painful. i urge anyone to watch this just to see how turgidly awful a movie can be, surely it was deliberate. i cringed at every futile attempt at humour carried out in such a childish, unrehearsed, badly executed way that it was beyond belief. this is the movie that makes spiceworld look like goodfellas, think i am exaggerating? well give it airtime and think again. dreadful, utterly dreadful. if this wasn't a prank then the director and anyone else responsible for this should be removed and promptly shot after being forced to watch this film again.

i may have seen worse films than this, but i if i have, i don't remember. or possibly blocked them out. who knows,if i was to undergo hypnotherapy, i may remember them, along, maybe, with been abducted by aliens as a child, or other traumas. if so, i would happily exchange those memories for the ones i have of watching this film.i should give the film some credit: it did produce an emotional response. i actually started to become angry at scenes that spoofed other films and tv programs, that this travesty was dirtying them by association. i am terrified that i may be unable to watch films like dr strangelove again without this film flitting across my minds eye.

if you really, truly want to waste two hours of your life, do the following: 1) look through the tv listings. 2) find the movie 'men in white'. 3) when 'men in white' comes on, sit and watch.and that's it. after sitting through two hours of bad puns, dreadful (and not that funny) movie references, and experiencing something with possibly the lowest production values ever made in recent history, you will have wasted two hours of your life, and wonder exactly why.why did i do this? i was stupid enough to think that this film might actually be some good. it wasn't.but, on the other hand, if you're old enough to remember power rangers, you might spot some familiar faces during the film. presumably to save on production costs, saban (who also make power rangers), decided to liberally sprinkle old monster costumes from everyone's favourite tacky toy-spawning franchise throughout the film. i spotted quite a few old monsters from episodes i saw from when i was a kid, so i guess it could at least be said it has some nostalgia value.but, if you want to see actual power rangers monsters, go watch power rangers itself. it's much better than this piece of garbage. (and that's saying something!)

was this tim meadows first acting role in a movie? the character, leon, is funny enough but shortly after that the sexual jokes and humor are too dumb to listen to anymore. some movies can get away with the sexual jokes, and base their audiences to know that right when the advertising comes on. some movies that do this are american pie and scary movie. scary movie was stupid, and american pie wouldnt have done well without the sexual jokes. the only role, besides leon, that had some humor that followed was will ferrell. the character really was dumb and that was all, the dumb humor was all that had me watching. the movie was ok, and nothing else. i dont really understand why the snl people that are dying to leave the show always get a movie based on a character they played on the show. the skits last about 5 minutes, and if they can make a movie off a 5 minute skit, then what is the world coming to? molly shannon had superstar, cheri o'terri had scary movie, but she wasnt a leading role, and will had elf. but that was good, but he did some dumb movie, but i cant remember, and mike myers with wayne's world. how come the mad tv crew dont ever get movie deals? seen only one guy break through, but only in like 2 movies and a tv show with andy dick. but that guy relies on comedy for his life to continue, funny or not. this movie is not good, but had some positive humor. what a waste of film and people's money. (d d-)

i rented this tape a couple of years ago, and boy did it suck. from the commercials, i was lead to believe that this was a movie about a guy who had no no luck with women, and that was where the comedy would lie. boy was i wrong. the jokes were vulgar, and they were just not funny. don't bother. 1/10

i think i laughed twice. the line where the main character says something about being from the streets. and then i forget the other time i laughed. it was probably in the beginning.this has to be one of the thinnest movies ever. doesn't hollywood realize that this kind of humor is degrading and sad, really. you can only insult yourself so many times.2/10

first of all, i'd like to say that i love the "ladies' man" sketch on snl. i always laugh out loud at tim meadows' portrayal of leon phelps. however, there is a difference between an 8-minute sketch and a feature-length movie. watching leon doing his show and making obscene comments to his listeners and coming up with all sorts of segments for his show, like "the ladies man presents..." which is reminiscent of "alfred hitchcock presents..." is absolutely hilarious. there's a great episode where cameron diaz role-plays monica lewinski, and leon plays bill and they call it "the oral office." see, that's funny!!! in the movie, we don't see leon on the show too often. in fact, he gets kicked out of almost every radio station in the country. and the plot revolves around his quest for true love, involving a mystery letter that got dropped off at his houseboat, signed by "sweet thing." karyn parsons, who is famous for playing hillary on "fresh prince of bel air," works with him on the show and has a secret crush on leon. the movie just piles on one boring subplot after another. and the gags are boring as well. the first time we see leon mention the word "wang" it's pretty funny. when he uses it over and over again, supposedly trying to get a laugh, the joke has run dry. most of the jokes he uses in the film are jokes we heard before, and done better, on the snl sketch and played out tediously for a whole hour and twenty-five minutes. they even try to insert a musical number by will ferrell and his gang of ladies' man haters, who all want to destroy him because their wives had an affair with him, to bring some life into this witless comedy. ferrell has some funny moments, and tries to make the best out of an otherwise unfunny role. ferrell just has that unique comic talent, and he's funny at almost anything he does. even julianne moore gets a cameo. watching her, you can't but wonder "what the hell is an oscar-winning actress doing in this movie??!!!!" her name wasn't mentioned in the opening credits--probably by her consent. and of course a movie of this theme has to include the master of love himself, billy dee williams. billy dee is charismatic as always, but even he can't breathe enough life into this film. i also have to add that the soundtrack is full of soft r & b hits, which impairs the film even more, giving it a horribly downbeat tone--as if the script isn't boring enough. i mean, this is "supposed" to be a comedy. the soundtrack would've been appropriate for something like "love jones." "the ladies man" only has sporadic laughs. there are exceptions in which snl can produce a great movie out of a short sketch. watch both of the "wayne's world" movies, and you'll see how it's done. but this movie, just like adapting mary catherine gallagher's character to screen in "superstar," shows the flip side. some sketches are meant to be remembered on snl, and not on the silver screen.my score: 3 (out of 10)

i rented this movie for a few laughs. i had never seen the snl skit, but with hits like tommy boy, and waynes world, it couldn't have been that bad, could it? the answer: it was. this movie hardly was a means of relaxing after a hard day at work. i just kept waiting for a plotline and a funny part, but there wasn't any. the highlight was tiffany amber thieson, and thats just about it.

i could name plenty of funny movies. there are comedies that set out to be funny, and are. some movies, like a gymkata for example, try to be serious but end up funny. the ladies man is a film that is desperately trying to be funny, but could not be less funny if it was about a guy who got a lot of chicks in the middle of the wreckage of a nuclear holocaust. it's anti-funny.i don't think i laughed harder than a chuckle at anything in this movie. it's simply unfunny. it's boring, stupid, inane, annoying, mind-bogglingly bad, but not funny. i don't particularly care for tim meadows, or this character from snl, but i expected better than this.the movie is completely lacking logic or common sense. it's like the script writer had a bag over his head while he was typing and he couldn't see which keys he was hitting. they tell the "origin" of the ladies man, but fail to include a motivation for his bizarre fascination with acting like it's still the seventies. the movie tries to get humor out of a man who appears to pleasuring himself to porn, shortly after he tried to hang himself. this is comedy? i like to consider myself having a pretty keen sense of humor (spending a lot of time writing comedy as i do), but maybe i'm just not quite bright enough for this film.lee evans, so funny as tucker in there's something about mary, is outrageously bad here. i was pleading with him in my head to shut up.by the end i was pounding on my chair, muttering under my breath, and had the film gone on any longer, would probably have attempted suicide. this film might not be as bad as battlefield earth, but it's the first movie i've seen that's come close.

lorne michaels once again proves that he has absolutely no business producing movies.you'd think that after such dismal flicks "superstar", "night at the roxbury", and "coneheads", he'd start to get the notion that maybe he doesn't know what he's doing when it comes to movies (and many would argue that he doesn't know what he's doing when it comes to television, as well). trying to make feature films out of skits that wore out their welcome the third time the were done on snl makes no sense.i personally like tim meadows, and think that he would be great in the right movie. it's a shame to see a talented guy wasted in a film that features unfunny after unfunny situation, and caps it all with a dreadfully bad song and dance scene. any laughs here will be because the movie is so bad, not because it's funny.oh well, at least we can be thankful that there are many other tired snl characters who will never have films done about them. it's just too bad that this one made it to the big screen.

while leon is cute on snl, he's only on for a minute. like most snl skits-to-movies, this one can't fill 90 minutes. it has some cute moments (the ones you've seen in the trailer) but the actors are largely wasted. tim meadows does his best but the plot just doesn't have many high points. will farrell has a bit part. farrell may be the funniest man alive... but not in this movie. what a shame.

i honestly don't understand how tripe like this gets made. the worst junior-high talent show skit you've ever seen is more entertaining than this film. will ferrell's wrestling fetish provides the only (briefly) humorous moments. utterly horrible.

the ladies man is a funny movie. there's not much thought behind it, but what do you expect from an snl movie? it's actually better than most snl movies (i.e. superstar or a night at the roxbury) tim meadows and will ferrell were both very funny. chris parnell was also funny in his short scene (one of the funnier ones in the movie). other than that, the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support meadows. i've definitely seen funnier movies, but i've seen dumber ones too. again, it's not exactly a deep movie, but it's good for a few laughs. it was funnier as a skit though. but still, if you're looking for a pretty funny movie, i'd recommend this one. just don't think about it too much, or you'll hate it.rating: 6/10

this film was very well advertised. i am an avid movie goer and have seen previews for this movie for months. while i was somewhat skeptical of how funny this movie would actually be, my friends thought it was going to be great and hyped me up about it. then i went and saw it, i was sunk down in my seat almost asleep until i remembered that i had paid for this movie. i made myself laugh at most of the stuff in the movie just so i wouldnt feel bad and destroy the good mood i was in, plus i wanted to get my monies worth out of the movie! i always go into a movie with an open mind, not trying to go into them with too many expectations, but this movie was not that funny. now it wasnt the worst movie i've ever seen, but it is definitely worth waiting for hbo. if you havent seen many previews for the movie or you like very slow and corny comedies you may enjoy it, but for true comedy fans id say pass. maybe even check out the kings of comedy again. something told me to go see meet the parents instead!!!

this movie really deserves the mst3k treatment. a pseudo-ancient fantasy hack-n-slash tale featuring twin barbarian brothers with a collective iq of hot water, character names that seem to have been derived from a mad libs book, and such classic lines as "hold her down and uncover her belly!", the barbarians crosses over into the "so bad, it's good" territory.

cannon pulled off a real visual beauty of a medieval epic that appears fascinating (except for the dragon prop). now just how did the long-gone studio known for chuck norris movies ever come up with a complete lack of knowledge in the first place? case in point: the amateurish acting and horrible plot is a sign that reviving the medieval legend is no cure for some lousy execution. they actually went on and made another cheap exploitationer featuring hundreds of lusty bimbos, just to make this look even better. for the two "barbarian brothers", they sure know how to make weird noises than becoming brave warriors so strong and bold enough to save their native land. this is the single greatest waste of potential i've seen from an "expensive" low-budget movie, and worse enough to let an axe strike through the gorgeous print without mercy. all of this followed an advertising campaign that sold t-shirts based on the barbarians! the movie alone makes a great souvenir!

when i decided to watch the barbarians, starring those twin bodybuilders, peter and david paul, i thought it couldn't be that bad because the film was directed by ruggero deodato, who has a reputation for creating sleazy movies but well made sleazy movies. well, the barbarians is remarkably trashy action/adventure movie that wants to be another conan the barbarian, and fails at every level. the look of the film is all wrong. some scenes were well shot but the tone and the schintzy, tacky "disco" look of the clothes and hair people are adorned with just doesn't make any sense whatsoever, even for a low budget flick like this one.richard lynch looks like an old woman with that ridiculous hairdo and costume. he's supposed to be menacing but he comes across as a buffoon. and it's funny to see eva larue callahan, one of the stars of all my children, appear in her first movie, walking around in skimpy fur bikini. i'm sure she wants this dreck to disappear from the face of the earth! the so-called barbarian twins are okay as the muscle bound heroes but it's almost impossible to construct a proper critique of their acting because their roles are, like everything else in this mess, really ill-conceived. the only way the film tries to differentiate one twin from the other is by having one twin wear a loincloth that covers his ass, while the other twin's loincloth barely covers his muscular butt. i'm not kidding! don't ask me who's who though.deodato must have been really desperate to agree to make this film. and his desperation is reflected perfectly in this trashy flick. it's just bad.

i was china in this film. i choose the screen name sheeba alahani because i was modeling at the time in italy and they couldn't pronounce my real name correctly, so i choose sheeba and then added alahani since it was similar to alohalani.i had never acted before (and it shows), but it was so much fun to film. they gave me "acting lessons" each morning (which obviously were not useful). they dubbed my voice (thank goodness).david and peter were a blast on the set, full of good humor and jokes. this film was never meant to be taken seriously, it was a tax write off according to inside information. i give it a 1 because i have a sense of humor, but a 10 for the fun i had "acting" in it.

this movie is terrible. the suspense is spent waiting for a point. there isn't much of one.aside from a few great lines ( "i found a tooth in my apartment" ), and the main characters dedication to killing himself, it's a collection of supposedly eerie sounds.

extremities aspect ratio: 1.85:1sound format: monoa woman turns the tables on a would-be rapist when he mounts an assault in her home, and is forced to decide whether to kill him or inform the police, in which case he could be released and attack her again.exploitation fans who might be expecting another rough 'n' ready rape fantasy in the style of day of the woman (1978) will almost certainly be disappointed by extremities. true, farrah fawcett's character is subjected to two uncomfortably prolonged assaults before gaining the upper hand on her attacker (a suitably slimy james russo), but scriptwriter william mastrosimone and director robert m. young take these unpleasant scenes only so far before unveiling the dilemma which informs the moral core of this production. would their final solution hold up in a court of law? maybe...based on a stage play which reportedly left its actors battered and bruised after every performance, the film makes no attempt to open up the narrative and relies instead on a confined setting for the main action. acing and technical credits are fine, though fawcett's overly subdued performance won't play effectively to viewers who might be relying on her to provide an outlet for their outraged indignation.

hello boys and girls... this isn't your regular movie review, because this is going to be the cold. hard. truth. are you serious? this movie sucked so many balls i couldn't keep them out of my mouth! they might as well have sprayed me in the eye with monkey semen. you'd need one seriously large douche to pump out all the vaginal fluid from this movie.the plot was very lacking. the actors were terrible. i rewound the dance number several times and had to pause it even more because i was choking on my own spit. do boys, everyone!peace r&h besties4lyf

this is no doubt one of the worst movies i have ever seen. this makes your run of the mill tv movie look like reservoir dogs. based on a book by the one and only britney spears and her mother this is trash with nothing bar a reasonable performance from virginia madsen (i hope you got paid well) to save it. the story of a red neck country gill who wins a scholarship in a prestigious music school is little but a vehicle to pedal ms spears pants music to the consumer and to generally agree that low brow must be the way. there is nothing good going on here with all the beats as predictable as night following day. never ever again.

first of all, this plot is way overdone - girl wants to make it, everyone loves her, snobby girl intervenes, all looks lost, girl pulls through, everyone loves her again etc. throw in the fitting in thing, an attractive male crushing on the heroine, plus single-parent troubles and it's so predictable that you can practically recite along with it.second of all, i really hate how they keep on dissing classical music. they send out the message that everyone involved in classical music is uptight and snobby and close-minded - in fact, i don't recall the quote exactly, but i remember at one point in the movie, holly says, "why do they have to be so uptight...so classical?" it's really insulting how label classical music in this way.third, i've went over it dozens of times, but the only reason that i can think of for making this movie is to promote britney spears. there just isn't any point at all.and oh yeah, while the actress who portrayed holly (i'm not sure whether that was really her singing or not) had a reasonably good voice, it wasn't as amazing as they were making it out to be - especially when she was belting. she was oversupporting the whole time.1/10 stars.

this movie is entertaining enough due to an excellent performance by virginia madsen and the fact that lindsey haun is lovely. however the reason the movie is so predictable is that we've seen it all before. i've haven't read the book a mother's gift but i hope for britney and lynne spears sake it is completely different than this movie. unless you consider ending a movie with what is essentially a music video an original idea, the entire movie brings to mind the word plagiarized.

it was a decent movie, i actually kind of enjoyed it. but the ending is so abrupt!! there is absolutely no closure and it leaves tons of loose ends. what happens after the concert? what happens with her boyfriend? does she hook up with grant? does she come beck in the next semester? and what about angela? obviously holly's performance would knock angela down a few pegs, but nothing is shown to indicate how she reacts. there is so much left up in the air and it's very unsatisfying. i don't know if it is trying to leave room for a sequel or something, but it is a terrible ending and i think that it really makes the movie a joke. i was very disappointed.

can any movie become more naive than this? you cant believe a piece of this script. and its ssooooo predictable that you can tell the plot and the ending from the first 10 minutes. the leading actress seems like she wants to be barbie (but she doesn't make it, the doll has more acting skills).the easiness that the character passes and remains in a a music school makes the phantom of the opera novel seem like a historical biography. i wont even comment on the shallowness of the characters but the one good thing of the film is madsen's performance which manages to bring life to a melo-like one-dimensional character.the movie is so cheesy that it sticks to your teeth. i can think some 13 year old britney-obsessed girls shouting "o, do give us a break! if we want fairy tales there is always the brothers grimm book hidden somewhere in the attic". i gave it 2 instead of one only for virginia madsen.

i actually liked this movie until the end. sure, it was cheesy and pretty unlikely but still it kept my attention on a rainy afternoon. until the end, that is. for her final performance at the prestigious classical conservatory where she has struggled to catch-up to the other classically trained students, what does the main character do? wow them with her grasp and execution of this time honored musical tradition? no. she tortures and butchers the great sensuous habanera from carmen and turns it into an utterly forgettable brittany spears-wannabe pop song. my ears bled! and, in the supreme moment of horror, her teachers gave her a standing ovation! any teacher not in a spears-induced fantasy would have failed her on the spot. save your time, save your ears - skip this movie!

being a music student myself, i thought a movie taking place in a conservatory might be fun to watch. little did i know... (i had no idea this movie was based on a book by britney spears) this movie was implausible throughout. it's obvious that whoever wrote the script never set foot in a conservatory and doesn't know a thing about classical music. let me give you just a few examples: 1) there is no way anyone would be admitted to a classical conservatory with no classical training whatsoever! just having a nice pop voice isn't enough, besides, that's a different thing altogether - another genre, different technique. it's like playing the violin when applying for a viola class. 2) how come the lady teaching music theory was in the singing jury? if she wasn't a singing professor herself, she would have no say in a situation like that, and if she was a singing professor, why weren't we told so? 3) being able to read music is a necessity if you're to major in music. 4) how did angela get a hold of that video tape? that would have been kept confidential, for the jury's eyes only. now either she got the tape from one of the professors or the script writers just didn't have a clue. i wonder which... 5) the singing professor gave holly the carmen song saying she "had the range", which she clearly did not. yes, she was able to sing the notes, but carmen is a mezzo-soprano, while holly's voice seemed to be much lighter in timbre, not at all compatible with that song. 6) worst of all: not only does the movie show a shocking ignorance when it comes to classical music, but it doesn't even try to hide it. the aria that angela sings is mutilated beyond recognition, a fact which is painfully blatant at the recital, where it is cut short in a disgraceful way - mozart would roll over in his grave. the habanera from carmen sounded a bit weird at times, too, and the way it was rearranged at the end just shows how little the producers really think of classical music - it's stiff and boring but hey, add some drums and electric guitars and it's almost as good as britney spears! i know these are all minor details, but it would have been so easy to avoid them with just a little research. anyhow, i might have chosen to suspend my disbelief had the characters and the plot been well elaborated. but without that, i really can't find any redeeming qualities in this movie except for one: it's good for a laugh.

here we are: two travelers from a distant futuristic world arrive on earth... one is on a desperate mission to preserve a life, another is an inhuman killing machine determined to eliminate the woman who will give birth to the saviour of an entire race.so what could we call this killing machine? it's almost like he's some kind of destroyer, or eradicator... sort of like an exterminator or something. what's the word i'm looking for... something that -terminates- things? hmmmm....anyway, the protector (who swiftly doffs the white tunic he stole from luke skywalker in favour of local clothing) finds the young woman first and impregnates her with a future-born hero-to-be. the evil uhhhh... "exterminator" kills some rednecks and steals their guns and clothes, then attempts to locate the woman by visiting her workplace and asking around by looking menacingly into people's eyes and repeating her name threateningly.then begins a desperate race for survival as the seemingly deathless and unstoppable "exterminator" pursues the couple across the countryside. at some point he may acquire boots and a motorcycle, but i'm not sure.perhaps, in an exciting finale, he will attempt to crush them under the wheels of an enormous tanker truck full of... acid. then the truck will crash. they will be saved... but no! he will then re-emerge, as strong as ever. he will kill the protector and pursue the girl into a meat packing plant, where in a terrifying finish, he is pushed into a large piece of industrial chopping machinery, and destroyed once and for all.but maybe i'm extrapolating too much... after all, i did stop watching this movie after mr. protector magically impregnates sean young by kissing her at a bar, then tells her the child will be born in 3 days. the costumes and effects are great in this movie... i loved them the first time i saw them on star trek: next generation too! sean young does another great turn as an unemotive replicant, and career sweat-hog stephen baldwin is also on board as young's fat cop boyfriend. not sure where he fits into the plot though... maybe he's an import from a different james cameron movie?

i've read a few books about bonnie and clyde, and this is definitely more accurate than the beatty/dunaway version, in that its costumes and locales echo actual photographs taken of the gang. particularly well done is the death of buck barrow, and the capture of his wife blanche. this actress looks looks exactly like the photographs taken that day of blanche grieving over her dying husband. however, this movie is still hollywood, and our anti-heroes stay pretty to the end, even after being shot full of holes (in life, bonnie was badly burned in an auto accident the year before their famous ambush, and did not look like a perky cheerleader at the time of her death). the script is tedious, and the acting is poor, particularly the leads. very disappointing. stick with beatty and dunaway. their's may not be "the true story," but it's a great film.

the crater lake monster is easily one of the most awful, amateurish film i've ever seen - ranking right up there with manos, the hands of fate in terms of poor acting, useless direction, and kindergarten-level production values. in this movie a silly-looking claymation/stop-motion animated dinosaur wakes up after a meteor hits a lake in bumblebum, ca, and begins dining on the local hayseeds. in the thrilling climax, the creature, described by one local as "a giant alligator with flippers", drags it's ponderous bulk over the ground to chase its would-be lunch, before a bulldozer bumps it a couple of times & it dies from boredom. every character in this moovie is a complete moron. one pointless subplot shows a hick go into a liquor store to purchase a $4.75 pint of ripple; instead of simply buying the bottle, the idiot shoots the cashier and another bystander, shoots at a cop, gets chased towards the lake, all so that he can eaten by the monster. unfortunate close-ups of the monster reveal it to be nothing more than a piece of styrofoam. there's a fake magician struggling with a phony british accent (to make him seem more legit), two overly-bumbling redneck boat renters, some cheesy "pre-historic cave art" done in crayon, and annoying banjo-pickin' background moosic. in one painful scene, the fake magician and his dopey wife/girlfriend/accomplice manage to pad the movie an extra 4 minutes by cowmenting on how may stars they can see in the night sky, even though it is clearly day time still. even on constant fast-forward, this moovie hurts, and hurts bad. moocow says call the fumigators, 'cause this cow pie really stinks! :=8p

a handful of nonprofessional actors are terrorized by a prehistoric creature. this creature appears in about thirty seconds of marginal stop-motion animation, but oh how you will long for that margin when for the rest of the movie the animation is replaced by production assistants waving around an inner tube with teeth. no time for terror when this movie is hijacked halfway through by these comic relief boat rental doofuses, who suddenly become the lead characters; but again you gotta admit watching them try to be funny is better than plodding around after the sheriff. only at the end one of them gets eaten and the other one is left sitting on a rock crying tears of loneliness - that's no fun!

a meteor hit's crater lake (hence our title), awakening a plesiosaur, who proceed's to snack on the hick population (in california, that hick capital of the world.) there's bad movies, and then there's "the crater lake monster", which somehow managed to escape mst3k. featuring grating acting, a decent stop-motion beast, and more, this is a dreadful piece of 1970's low budget exploitation/monster movie dreck.while the movie is guilty of many crimes, the biggest one is arnie and mitch, two obnoxious rednecks who serve as our comic relief. they bumble around, fight to stock "banjo music",ogle women, and act like pathetic excuses of humanity. the characters are so bad, they should count as a crime against humanity.

this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen it's extremely boring with lots of boring dialog and has some very annoying characters and a laughable looking creature. the only reason i watched this piece of garbage is because it was on that 8 disc horror set i got. the plot is preposterous and totally stupid as is the finale. no blood what so ever except a few bloody marks on the creature, and a couple of bloody gunshot wounds. the acting is terrible!!. richard cardella is terrible as the sheriff and was quite laughable plus his character is annoying. glen roberts is the comic relief and was not funny at all!. mark siegel is extremely annoying and was also not funny!. bob hyman is decent but not much more then that. richard garrison is annoying and had no chemistry with kacey cobb what so ever. kacey cobb is so so here and had no chemistry with richard. overall avoid this piece of garbage at all costs! bomb out of 5.

man, what a scam this turned out to be! not because it wasn't any good (as i wasn't really expecting anything from it) but because i was misled by the dvd sleeve which ignorantly paraded its "stars" as being stuart whitman, stella stevens and tony bill. sure enough, their names did not appear in the film's opening credits, much less themselves in the rest of it!! as it turned out, the only movie which connects those three actors together is the equally obscure las vegas lady (1975)  but what that one has to do with the crater lake monster is anybody's guess even so, since i paid $1.50 for its rental and i was in a monster-movie mood anyhow, i elected to watch the movie regardless and, yup, it stunk! apart from the fact that it had a no-name cast and an anonymous crew, an unmistakably amateurish air was visible from miles away and the most i could do with it is laugh at the jaws-like pretensions and, intentionally so, at the resistible antics of two moronic layabouts-cum-boat owners who frequently squabble among themselves with the bemused local sheriff looking on. the creature itself  a plesiosaur i.e. half-dinosaur/half-fish  is imperfectly realized (naturally) but, as had been the case with the giant claw (1957) which i've also just seen, this didn't seem to bother the film-makers none as they flaunt it as much as they can, especially during the movie's second half!

...and it is this film. i imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife, damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity. okay, maybe it's not that bad, but it is probably the worst film i have ever seen next to "manos, the hands of fate"... and i have seen a lot of bad movies, believe you me. this is just a crummy b movie, bad film-making at it's finest(or is it worst?) the thing i really didn't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief. now, a little comedy relief is a good thing, but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons, rather than on the "heroes" of this film, who are actually in it for less time than them! to be fair, crown international really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing. but honestly, this was probably a bad film to begin with, so crown really couldn't have done that much to hurt it. this really needs to be in the bottom 100 list. i wouldn't wish this one on my worst enemy. actually, it's my kind of campy b movie. it was bad, but i still liked it, despite my one star rating.

- the movie opens with a meteor crashing into a lake. unbeknownst to the locals, a dinosaur egg is also at the bottom of the lake. the meteor heats the lake, turning it into a giant incubator. you guessed it, the egg hatches releasing a dinosaur that proceeds to terrorize the community.- what utter garbage. it's not that i mind the stop-motion clay dinosaur, it's everything else about the movie that bothers me. the acting is atrocious. the dialogue is utterly ridiculous. the comic relief is anything but comic. logic is non-existent. any similarity between the "scientists" in this movie and an actual scientist is purely coincidental. i could go on for an eternity on the bad aspects of this movie, but you get the idea. i feel it's fairly safe to call this disaster "mst3k worthy".

well, what are the odds! at the exact right moment that a few redneck amateur-scientists discover cave paintings indicating that some type of dinosaur monster might have inhabited the area thousands of years ago, a burning meteor crashes into the lake and spontaneously hatches a monster's egg that has been lying there  for over a thousand years, i suppose! "the crater lake monster" is a movie that literally must be seen to be believed, but you better do so in the company of many friends and a pile of ganja in order to make the wholesome a little bit easier to digest. yes, this is a terrible film with the utmost ramshackle screenplay imaginable and numerous irrelevant padding interludes that are downright embarrassing, but it's also irresistibly charming and so clumsily put together that you simply have to cherish some kind of fondness for it. half of the film  at least  revolves on the wacky adventures of arnie and mitch. these two local yokels own and run a boat renting shop near the lake, but spend most of their days picking their noses and quarreling over fascinating stuff like to spell the word "bait". it is mostly during their prototypic laurel & hardy situations that new puddles of blood or decapitated heads are discovered in the lake. steve hanson, the heroic but not exactly sharp sheriff is on the case, but only if he's not too busy chasing big city thugs traveling through the area. halfway through the film, there suddenly is an abrupt scene about a thug robbing a liquor store and killing two people in the process. this textbook "wtf" moment appears to take on the complete other side of the country, like in new york city or something, and has absolutely nothing to do with the events going on at crater lake. only like twenty minutes later the robber pops up again in hicksville and there's an "exhilarating" chase through the woods, ending in the dino's hungry muzzle. the absurd little details in "the crater lake monster" are too numerous to mention! for example, this is probably the only creature-feature in which the players discover the obligatory gigantic footprint after they already spotted the actual monster. the goofs in continuity should be legendary as far as i'm concerned. it's like everybody forgot to pay attention to it. night turns into twilight into day and back into twilight  all during one and the same diurnal course! the monster is undeniably the best aspect about the film, especially since it's accomplished through good old fashioned and adorable stop- motion effects. the cute critter is a plesiosaur; meaning an aquatic dinosaur looking like a crossbreed between denver the last dinosaur and an alligator. "crater lake monster" is a unique and unforgettable movie- experience that i can only encourage to track down! the miserable 1 out of 10 rating is just out of principle (and because basically, this is a very bad film) should be put into perspective, because i might as well could have given it 10 out of 10 for sheer entertainment value.

we have a lake. we have an animated meteor crashing. we have a killer stop-motion dinosaur with flippers. okay, so let's call this movie the crater lake monster. what else can we add? hmm, two idiots called arnie & mitch to define the ultimate definition of "comic relief". we also got to have a sheriff who doesn't really do a damn thing in this film and whom nobody listens to. aw crap, we're over halfway through the movie and we forgot to insert a bad guy! no worries, let's introduce some guy with a moustache, have him rob a store to indicate he's a bad guy, then have him pop up somewhere near the lake, have him chased through the woods and all this for the sole purpose of him ending up as dinosaur snack food. that should work.a complete, clumsy mess, this film. its logic will twist your mind to force laughter out of you. the first film to feature dave allen as a "stop motion supervisor". after this one, he joined forces with charles band for several years until the the mid-nineties, when band ran out of money to pay him, i guess. the dinosaur effects are charming and the whole film is pretty damn unintentionally funny. unfortunately, that's about the only good thing that can be said for it.good badness? yes. the mind-bending logic in the narrative should be enough reason to put it on the list. if not, arnie & mitch will do the trick. 3/10 and 8/10

****don't read this review if you want the shocking conclusion of "the crater lake monster" to be a total surprise****a claymation plesiosaur rises from the depths of crater lake to wreak havoc on a group of local rednecks, not to mention your fast forward button. to call "the crater lake monster" amateurish is to overstate the obvious. if you aren't a fan of low budget drive-in films, you probably wouldn't be looking here in the first place.the problem with the movie is that when there's no monster action going on, it really sucks and goes nowhere. the script is very ed wood-ish, in that it's utterly contrived in the way it sets up the main action sequences. nothing is too outlandish for "the crater lake monster". it explains its dinosaur by having a meteor crash into crater lake, 'superheating' the water to the point where it incubates a dinosaur egg that has apparently been resting at the bottom of the lake for millennia. even if we could accept that the egg could have been lying there for so long and remained uncovered and viable, wouldn't "superheating" the water to such a high temperature cause most of the lake to evaporate? other than some token fog in one or two scenes, we see no evidence of the water being hot, other than a few lines in the script.the script is padded rather obviously in a few sequences, and it will do anything to get the characters near the lake so that they can be menaced by the claymation dino. a couple just passing through experiences car trouble and while their automobile is being serviced, they decide to rent a boat and head out into crater lake. hmmmm...do you think these strangers in the story could be there so they would run into our title monstrosity? in a sequence that's just plain bizarre, a drunk robs a liquor store and decides to murder the cashier and a bystander instead of paying four dollars for a bottle of booze. a car chase ensues, and wouldn't ya know it...they end up right by the lake. snack time for cratey! yeah, it's not hard to figure out, and you're so far ahead of the script that you're irritated when it takes another ten minutes for these scenes to unfold.the shamelessness of it all is endearing, and i really want to like "the crater lake monster". i just can't do it. there's not enough here to go on, and this is more of a movie to put on during a party, because you could talk right over it and it wouldn't matter. the film has a slim list of the things going for it, the most important being the dinosaur itself, which appears in three forms: a shadow puppet, a large model head that is dragged woodenly through the water, and a fully realized claymation insert that actually looks pretty good. there are also a pair of lovable hicks in it, and they carry the majority of the intentional humor in the movie. a downbeat ending leaves us mourning the death of both the monster and one of our beloved hicks, so every good thing about this film is dead by the end of it. why was i so affected by this conclusion? was it the mournful song played over the closing credits? or was i just weeping inwardly for the time that i waste watching films like this?

... and how they bore you right out of your mind! the crater lake monster is one of the classic bad films from the 70's made with no actors of any note, an embarrassing script, woeful direction, and a tireless desire to fuse "horror" with light comedy. this movie introduces a paleontologist who finds drawings of an aquatic dinosaur underneath crater lake...a meteor falls from the sky, and an aquatic dinosaur of the claymation variety begins to terrorize and eat the inhabitants surrounding crater lake. the whole matter is taken care of by steve our local sheriff. much of the film - when not showing pools of blood left behind from what we imagine must have been the beast dining - is spent following the bumbling antic of two guys named arnie and mitch who run a boat rental place. they try so bad to be funny, that we get lines like, looking at a business sign, mitch saying to arnie "you spelled bait wrong, it's spelled b-a-t-e." the laughs were rather scarce here. we then see them get drunk together and imagine a tree trunk to be the dinosaur. laurel and hardy watch out! the dinosaur looks fake, but the movie is fun in a bad way. and at the very least, the lake is beautiful.

firstly i would like to point out that i only know of the show due to my younger sister always watching it. i find it the most annoying program on tv. there is nothing funny about any of the 'jokes' and the canned laughter is unbearable. the show would work much better if filmed in front of a live audience. that way the laughter would show just how 'unfunny' the show is. however i give credit to the acting talents of the young cast. it sickens me however to think that they'll look back on the show in the future and see how bad their first tv show was. the show links in well with the overall annoying voices and style of the cbbc presenters. why the youth of today need to be shouted at so much is beyond me. that is all.

this is a horrid disaster of a film. from beginning to end, it's filled with bad acting and even worse direction and editing. the only redeeming parts of the film are a few numbers by streisand, because the kristofferson parts are impossible to watch or listen to. the main problem of this film is that we never see kristofferson's character at his peak or streisand's character struggling. the first should be seen in decline and the second rising. the final streisand number _could have been_ one of the greatest finales in film, if it was directed and edited properly. the single framed shot of her face for the duration of the song was a terrible mistake. had the band, audience and wide shots of the stage been shown, this number could have been dynamic and interesting. this film must have been directed and edited by an nyu film school dropout. the only thing worse may be the wretched screenplay. the final musical number is the only redeeming part of this film, and even that is botched completely by misguided technical decisions.

rock star john norman howard (kris kristofferson) turns lounge singer esther hoffman (barbra streisand) into an overnight singing star. esther's star rises while john's goes into decline, thanks to drugs and alcohol. after about two hours, john does the self-destructive-red-converible-160-mph-crack-up-on-a-desert-highway thing. the best thing about this movie is the music, especially the song, "evergreen." barbra streisand sings well, but you can't take her seriously as an up-and-coming star, when she is *already* a star. the very first time she appears, singing in a back alley bar, she looks like an established singing star who is slumming for the night, not like a struggling unknown who is trying to launch her singing career. she is too confident, too professional. her apartment looks like a page out of "apartment living," not some hole-in-the-wall apartment where a real struggling singer would live.kris kristofferson handles the self-centered, out-of-control rock star role like...well, like a singer who is trying to be an actor but doesn't have much acting talent. the direction is tepid, the story is slow and dull.but the worst thing about this movie is not the acting, or the lame direction, or the slow story. it's the hair! after staring at kristofferson's and streisand's awful 70's hairdos for 2+ hours, your eyes hurt.

really an amazing pile of pap! a predictable, slow moving, soul destroying, mind numbing movie to which, slitting your own wrists with a rusty bread knife seems... well, almost necessary.the acting is over done for the thin dialogue, every scene is at least twice as long as it needs to be, the intricate details of how this career is collapsing or that career is rising is just far too dreary and mundane for words. the music would be good if you didn't have to sit through the movie, but really, three good songs is not enough reward for the effort required to watch the movie.watching this film i prayed to god for narcolepsy or for someone to shoot me.never, ever, ever again.

so i had heard from a few people that this film had brought them to tears in the theater. as i watched it for the first time i was expecting another romantic, tear-jerking barbra streisand film; something like the way we were. i was certainly wrong. the chemistry between the two main characters, esther hoffman and her john howard, was nonexistent, making it impossible to get attached to the characters. there wasn't anything romantic about it. streisand's character fell for an alcoholic drug addict who couldn't sing a single note without making me want to hit the fast-forward button. at one point her character finds her husband in bed with another woman and she forgives him about five minutes later. there's nothing romantic about a deadbeat rock star and a woman who can't seem to realize it until he actually dies. parts of the movie seemed to drag on and on, and i kept asking myself when it was going to end.the death of john howard was completely predictable. there was totally obvious foreshadowing of his reckless behavior early on in the movie, and when he died i felt no emotion whatsoever. it wasn't a tragic accident, it was him basically being an idiot. not to mention throughout the movie i was distracted by his hideous beard.the only parts of this movie worth seeing are the streisand songs. the ending of the movie when she sings "with one more look at you/watch closely now" was my reason for giving this film a whopping 3/10. those 7 minutes were the only part of the movie i actually felt an emotion other than irritation and anger.

to grasp where this 1976 version of a star is born is coming from consider this: its final number is sung by barbra streisand in a seven minute and forty second close-up, followed by another two-and-half-minute freeze frame of ms. streisand -- striking a christ-like pose -- behind the closing credits. over ten uninterrupted minutes of barbra's distinctive visage dead center, filling the big screen with uncompromising ego. that just might be some sort of cinematic record.or think about this: the plot of this musical revolves around a love affair between two musical superstars, yet, while streisand's songs are performed in their entirety -- including the interminable finale -- her costar kris kristofferson isn't allowed to complete even one single song he performs. nor, though she does allow him to contribute a little back up to a couple of her ditties, do they actually sing a duet.or consider this: streisand's name appears in the credits at least six times, including taking credit for "musical concepts" and her wardrobe (from her closet) -- and she also allegedly wanted, but failed to get co-directing credit as well. one of her credits was as executive producer, with a producer credit going to her then-boyfriend and former hairdresser, jon peters. as such, streisand controlled the final cut of the film, which explains why it is so obsessed with skewing the film in her direction. what it doesn't explain is how come, given every opportunity to make the great diva look good, their efforts only make streisand look bad. even though this was one of streisand's greatest box office hits, it is arguably her worst film and contains her worst performance.anyway, moving the melodrama from hollywood to the world of sex-drugs-and-rock'n'roll, streisand plays esther hoffman, a pop singer on the road to stardom, who shares the fast lane for a while with kristofferson's john norman howard, a hard rocker heading for the off ramp to has-beenville. in the previous incarnations of the story, "norman maine" sacrifices his leading man career to help newcomer "vicky lester" achieve her success. in the feminist seventies, streisand & co. want to make it clear that their heroine owes nothing to a man, so the trajectory is skewed; she'll succeed with or without him and he is pretty much near bottom from scene one; he's a burden she must endure in the name of love. as such, there is an obvious effort to make the leading lady not just tougher, but almost ruthless, while her paramour comes off as a henpecked twit.kristofferson schleps through the film with a credible indifference to the material; making little attempt to give much of a performance, and oddly it serves his aimless, listless character well. streisand, on the other hand, exhibits not one moment of honesty in her entire time on screen. everything she does seems, if not too rehearsed, at least too controlled. even her apparent ad libs seem awkwardly premeditated and her moments of supposed hysteria coldly mechanical. the two have no chemistry, making the central love affair totally unbelievable. you might presume that his character sees in her a symbol of his fading youth and innocence, though at age 34, streisand doesn't seem particularly young or naive. the only conceivable attraction he might offer to her is that she can exploit him as a faster route to stardom. and, indeed, had the film had the guts to actually play the material that way, to make streisand's character openly play an exploitive villain, the film might have had a spark and maybe a reason to exist.but i guess the filmmakers actually see esther as a sympathetic victim; they don't seem to be aware just how cold-blooded and self absorbed she is. but sensitivity is not one of the film's strong points: note the petty joke of giving barbra two african american back up singers just so the film can indulge in the lame racism of calling the trio the oreos. and the film makes a big deal of pointing out that esther retains her ethnic identity by using her given name of hoffman, yet the filmmakers have changed the character's name of the previous films from "esther blodgett" so that streisand won't be burdened with a name that is too jewish or too unattractive. so much for ethnic pride.the backstage back stabbing and backbiting that proceeded the film's release is near legendary, so the fact that the film ended up looking so polished is remarkable. nominal director frank pierson seems to have delivered the raw material for a good movie, with considerable help from ace cinematographer robert surtees. and the film did serve its purpose, producing a soundtrack album of decent pop tunes (including the oscar-winning "evergreen" by paul williams and streisand). but overall the film turned out to be the one thing streisand reportedly claimed she didn't want it to be, a vanity project.

ok, people, honestly... this gotta be one of the worst movies about show biz that's ever been made, but i've been laughing myself silly (which may be why i enjoyed it). basically, it's all about sex, sex and a way to get your own personal 15 minutes of fame. did i mention that sex was a major issue in this movie? if you have a thing going for bizzzzare characters and easy entertainment, watch this movie when you get the chance (and don't have something better to do). ***attention spoilers!!!*** the funniest thing on the movie was the guy who asked jerry whether he could marry his goat (!) on the show and flashing his wallet with his love's pictures. a triple a for bad taste and fun!

my wife and i started to watch this movie with anticipation. it looked warm and touching. it started out well; but, soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while. it got so bad that we turned it off the movie was poorly acted and honesty, we couldn't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman! you lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning. i would have had her committed. and, of course, like most movies and t.v series made in hollywood we have to throw it a token "gay" character! this movie was boring. i was expecting more from diane keaton!

this movie is likely the worst movie i've ever seen in my life -- surpassing the previous most god-awful movie, "spawn of slithis," which i saw when i was about 10.bad acting, stilted and ridiculous dialog, incomprehensible plot, mishmashed cut scenes, even the music was annoying. did i leave anything out? well, the special effects weren't bad -- but cgi does not a decent movie make.i can't believe i actually spent money to see this movie. if anyone has the contact info for hyung-rae shim (the director), please forward it to my user name "at gmail," and i'll contact him to personally demand a refund.

this movie was horrible.they didn't develop any of the characters at all and the storyline was played out horribly. it was a definite sleeper. you'd expect the action scenes on a movie like this to be its strong points but d-wars surprises you with even a let down in that department. also, the acting was just a step above the level of a low budget porno flick. and i seriously mean that.i was actually happy to see the end credits on this one cause it was just that bad!!! please, whatever you do people, don't waste your time and money on a crappy movie like d-wars.

this movie serves as a timely warning to anyone who thinks they can both write and direct their own movie. face it, you can't. because that way there's nobody around to tell you when you hack great holes in your plot, have meaningless transitions, trite, unmemorable dialog and manage to turn a fairly cool korean legend into a steaming pile of celluloid turd.i wanted to like this movie as a trashy popcorn movie, really i did; i like lots of crappy movies. but once i've been forced to ask myself what the hell just happened and why, dear lord, why? more than a few times, i really can't take it any more.also, i would love for someone to explain how la became mordor for the last scene.

hollywood hotel was the last movie musical that busby berkeley directed for warner bros. his directing style had changed or evolved to the point that this film does not contain his signature overhead shots or huge production numbers with thousands of extras. by the last few years of the thirties, swing-style big bands were recording the year's biggest popular hits. the swing era, also called the big band era, has been dated variously from 1935 to 1944 or 1939 to 1949. although it is impossible to exactly pinpoint the moment that the swing era began, benny goodman's engagement at the palomar ballroom in los angeles in the late summer of 1935 was certainly one of the early indications that swing was entering the consciousness of mainstream america's youth. when goodman featured his swing repertoire rather than the society-style dance music that his band had been playing, the youth in the audience went wild. that was the beginning, but, since radio, live concerts and word of mouth were the primary methods available to spread the phenomena, it took some time before swing made enough inroads to produce big hits that showed up on the pop charts. in hollywood hotel, the appearance of benny goodman and his orchestra and raymond paige and his orchestra in the film indicates that the film industry was ready to capitalize on the shift in musical taste (the film was in production only a year and a half or so after goodman's palomar ballroom engagement). there are a few interesting musical moments here and there in hollywood hotel, but except for benny goodman and his orchestra's "sing, sing, sing," there isn't a lot to commend. otherwise, the most interesting musical sequences are the opening "hooray for hollywood" parade and "let that be a lesson to you" production number at the drive-in restaurant. the film is most interesting to see and hear benny goodman and his orchestra play and dick powell and frances langford sing.

the movie was to be shown here in bangkok with all the fanfare and even in the theater, it failed miserably.apparently the story writer just don't hold water. something was definitely missing. in my opinion people must have a reason why they watch it other than historical glimpse of the past. accuracy of history is not what we look for in entertainment.the movie just lack any substance. the only way to do this movie right was somehow make changes where it stands as some kind of a legend instead of just a story. and a legend will have certain elements that tries to tell you something that people have forgotten through time, such as the meaning of sacrifice, nationalism, etc. it is called the central theme.the movie fails to answer, why would i watch it anyway?at least some strange legendary flying elephants, psychic king, or the eccentric king such as "the king and i" would have been lovely, something would have added greatly to the movies' appeal. i guess there was no appeal other than a plain vanilla movie. once you got the appeal, then the story is the next thing we concentrate on. in marketing terms, we call it "must see". upon hearing the title of the movie people would say, oh, i must see it. now where's the appeal in kingmaker? why not just redo the title and call it, "how not to be a king?" and make a black comedy of the old siamese days, to the style of "dr. strangelove". that would have been much more interesting. narrative-like experiences of the foibles of the king from first persons goofs off would have made the movie extremely funny. most movies today have that "must see" appeal, such as spiderman, men x, these titles speak for themselves. if they don't have familiar characters, some other movies such as, the island, had an appeal itself when the advertising asks "do you still believe there is an island?". or for the movie, retitled "how not to be a king" might ask the question, "so do you still want to be a king?" parhat

warning spoiler. . . i have to agree with you, it was almost there. this was such a bad movie, about such and interesting true story. it had such promise, but the acting was ridiculous at best. some sets were beautiful and realistic. others are something out of a theme park. i found myself laughing as i watched, what was suppose to be, serious scenes. i really wanted to like this movie, but i couldn't. the best part was the fight between friends that ended with the "king" dying. i liked the queens' punishment. and, the final shot made a beautiful picture, though. there are so many better movies to watch. i don't recommend this.

up to this point, gentle rain was the movie i found the worst in history. it has been supplanted by this 'blockbuster' out of asia. it has one "star" and it is john rhys davies. he is way out of shape to be the swashbuckling, magical flying baddie he is cast here. the rest of these people couldn't act their way out of a junior high school play. no clichés were missed in the dialogue, and the special effects were phoned in as often as possible.it is fairly easy to see that somebody in asia had some bucks and needed to create a vehicle for some actors they wanted to throw money at. or maybe it was a director or a writer that needed a credit. my guess is that any career with this movie in it's credentialdo yourself a major favor and don't watch this movie. a hundred thanksgivings couldn't consume this turkey.the one funny scene was unintentional. the brother of the king appears on the scene. the king? a handsome, older, short asian actor. (bad actor.) the brother? a six foot european. (also a bad actor.) no excuses were made for this. they just expected us not to notice that this poor man's jet li's brother was a wannabe pierce brosnan in a cheap dimestore "injun" wig right out of an old western movie from the forties.

this is just a bad movie. with what seemed to be quite a nice budget it had potential to be much better. it almost were. with the heroine beautiful almost like salma hayek, hero fighting almost like jackie chan, battles and duels almost like in crouching tiger..., music almost like in, say, conan... etc. almost. but in the end it's just dull and it is hard to find anything interesting in it. maybe apart of john rhys-davies flying in duel like those warriors in hero or before-mentioned crouching tiger... i am really ashamed of poor old john. he is after all quite a good actor and deserves much better. so as you - so if you still have a chance just watch something else.

this was the worst acted movie i've ever seen in my life. no, really. i'm not kidding. all the "based on a true story/historical references" aside, there's no excuse for such bad acting. it's a shame, because, as others have posted, the sets & costumes were great.the sound track was typical "asian-style" music, although i couldn't figure out where the "modern" love song came in when fernando was lying in his bed thinking of maria. i don't know who wrote & sang that beautiful song, but it was as if suddenly norah jones was transported to the 1500s.the hershey syrup blood in phycho was more realistic than the ketchup spurted during the kwik-n-ez battle scenes.but the acting. oh, so painfully sad. lines delivered like a bad junior high play. if gary stretch had donned a potato costume for the county 4h fair he may have been more believable. towards the end he sounded more like a little italy street thug. at times i half expected him to yell out "adrian!" or even "you wanna piece of me?!".favourite line: when the queen says to her lover (after barfing on the floor) "i'm going to have a baby." he responds "a child?" i expected her to retort "no, jackass, a chair leg! duh."

the king maker is a film about a series of real (citation needed) events that occurred during the portuguese occupation in indochina.although the costumes and art direction are commendable, the movie still fails to impress the viewer. the acting, in particular, was extremely poor. some of the actors are trying hard to let tears down and the accents, both real and fake, are extremely irritating. the storyline was also too dumb and too stupid to be true and it seemed more like a history lesson. the movie couldn't even capture that sort of regal and century-old air and it looked more like a botched attempt to make an asian version of elizabeth.final say? costumes and art direction give the film a breath of fresh air, but the execution was extremely poor and the actors couldn't even give natural bursts of emotion. in short, the movie sounded more like hullabaloo than a script.

unfortunately, this has been showing on star movies here in thailand for the last week or so. it's complete rubbish acting. as another member said, this movie is a good example of 'how not to act.' i haven't seen a movie so poorly acted in a long time. the actors (can you call them 'actors'?) are completely flat and deliver their lines with the passion of a dead dog. i would say that in order to truly understand how bad the acting is, you would have to see the movie... but that would be akin to torture.i cringe as the leading lady delivers her lines, and the rest of the cast with their accents (fake or contrived) is equally heinous. another actress with the fake british accent was pretty, yes, but good lord was her accent terrible. mix that with her (lack of) acting and you have a disaster. she should just have said nothing and i could have accepted her as the pretty girl. oh my, we just got to the scene where the leading lady's lover says "really me?" after a forced crying scene from her. laughable. no, really, i just laughed out loud.the sets and the art directors offer some saving grace to the film. some of the sets are colorful and some of the scenes are rather nice (minus the actors).the old magic potion lady? what?! another member mentioned the 'modern' love song that was in the movie. totally inappropriate for a period piece set some 500 years ago.i understand the movie was considered 'big budget' in thailand at the time of it's production. i would be seriously upset if i were the producer of this movie. just goes to show that money does not necessarily make a good (or even mediocre) film.i would give the king maker a 1 out of 10, but the costumes and sets make save the film from such a rating. 2 out of 10.

we've been served - a terrible film.okay, i'll admit that since i'm white and have had no practical experience in the "competitive world of step-dancing," i might not exactly be an authority on this type of film. on the other hand, i do know a bad motion picture when i see it.and, boy, have i just seen it.filmed in low-budget-vision and directed by ian iqubal rashid, ("a touch of pink"), "how she move" tells the tale of how important it is to follow one's dreams - even if those dreams include bopping around to loud, irritating hip-hop music and speaking dialogue the average person would not understand if he or she had an international translator.i'll try to give a small synopsis of the "plot." first of all there are two actors that look like ll cool j who work in an auto shop in toronto (the mecca of racial diversity), but still have time to practice dancing for eight hours a day. there are a few other guys in this "crew," including a token white dude and a guy that looks like denzel washington in "malcolm x." there are also two women in the movie - one resembles serena williams and the other looks like geraldine from the old "flip wilson show." one of these ladies was kicked out of a private college because her parents spent all of her tuition on a drug-addicted sibling. the other girl, a member of salt n pepa, no doubt, is just plain no good.there's another guy who looks like eddie murphy's buckwheat, while still another actor who's a huggy bear knock-off. these guys are rival step dancers. evidently, this activity is very hard-core in the 'hood, and they are all practicing for the big "step monster" jam in detroit.since i was unable to understand 90 percent of the dialogue (perhaps some subtitles would have been useful, as in a bergman film or that one music video by snow), it's hard to explain what happens, other than there's a lot of arguing, the serena williams girl (who never smiles, by the way) becomes a freelance stepper (moving from group to group), there's some step-dancing and a lot of irritating hip-hop music.it's a typical rags-to-riches story; sort of like "rocky" with a really bad soundtrack, "rudy" with annoying rap music in the background, "cry freedom" without the laughs. but why does a film - which could have made a big impact on black audiences - have to contain drug addiction, bad parents and a title that sounds like a first-grader saying the phrase, "how she moves"?i was "moved" by this movie, however. moved to leave the theater as quickly as possible.

this movie was absolutely ghastly! i cannot fathom how this movie made it to production. nothing against the cast of the movie, of course, this is all the fault of the writing team. you take the old average plot - let's dance our way out of being poor and destitute - or step in this case. but this one lacks any semblance of a true plot - or at least one that anyone would care about. with canadian speaking actors in what is supposed to be an american setting - this film falls very flat. on a positive note, the directing was pretty good and cinematography was pretty decent as well. looks like the production budget was very generous as well. my only request is that this team leave the writing alone and go find actual screenwriters to help them bring words alive on film. net result - how she move is how she sucks.

its one of those stereotypical mtv generation dance movies, and i do not see where all this 'its not that bad' rubbish is coming from. the acting is terrible, it follows exactly the same storyline as all the other 'dancing' movies out there. its terrible! the name should scream don't watch. 'how she move.' since when can movie titles ignore grammar? at least some dance movies had half decent dance scenes, these ones don't even deserve a watch. i give it a 1 out of 10, just because there is no zero. i seriously implore anyone with an iq of over 60 not to watch this, and not to waste your money. the 1.6/10 should tell it all. this movie should not have even be made.

"how she moves" springs to life only when its high-energy, talented cast members are kicking up their heels and strutting their stuff for the camera. otherwise, this stale strive-suffer-and-succeed story is low on energy, low on originality, and low on anything that might make the movie stand out from the dozens of other, likeminded films that have come before it.rutina wesley has modest appeal as the academically gifted inner-city youngster who finds that the best way to raise her private school tuition money is by entering step-dance competitions, but both she and her fellow actors are poorly served by uninspired screen writing and undistinguished direction. as noted earlier, the movie achieves some spark when the performers are up on stage dancing, but such moments are far too few and sadly fleeting.

i can always tell when something is going to be a hit. i see it or hear it, and get a good feeling. i did not get a good feeling watching the preview. i was not at all enthusiastic about this film, and i am not at all surprised that it is rated here as one of the worst 100 films. i was in fact proved right.the first thing that threw me off was the title. not that i have a problem with ebonics(i am black by the way), but for a movie they could have used a better title, and for this time use a title that doesn't have bad grammar. i heard the dialog, saw the acting and all i could do was make faces.i also think that the dance movie theme is being overdone. at least "you got served" was better than this in my opinion. even the soundtrack didn't thrill me.

with title like this you know you get pretty much lot of junk. acting bad. script bad. director bad. grammar bad.movie make lot of noise that really not music and lot of people yell. movie make bad racial stereotype. why come every movie with black hero have drug addict? why come hero always have to dance to be success? why come famous rapper always have to be in dance movie? why come letter "s" can't be in title?hollywood need to stop dumb down audience and make movie that have people with brain who know how speak proper english.do self favor and not go see.

yes i have rated this film as one star awful. yet, it will be in my rotation of christmas movies henceforth. this truly is so bad it's good. this is another k.gordon murray production (read: buys a really cheap/bad mexican movie, spends zero money getting it dubbed into english and releases it at kiddie matinées in the mid 1960's.) it's a shame i stumbled on this so late in life as i'm sure some "mood enhancers" would make this an even better experience. i'm not going to rehash what so many of the other reviewers have already said, a christmas movie with merlin, the devil, mechanical wind-up reindeer and some of the most pathetic child actors i have ever seen bar none. i plan on running this over the holidays back to back with kelsey grammar's "a christmas carol". truly a holiday experience made in hell. now if i can only find "to all a goodnight (aka slayride)" on dvd i'll have a triple feature that can't be beat. you have to see this movie. it moves so slowly that i defy you not to touch the fast forward button-especially on the two dance routines! this thing reeks like an expensive bleu cheese-guess you have to get past the stink to enjoy the experience. feliz navidad amigos!

i'm allowed to write 1000 words about this film, but one word could suffice: bizarre. hubby and i didn't laugh so much as gawk at this truly dreadful movie. we kept looking at each other with our best "what the...?" expressions. there is no way to adequately describe this movie. killer tomatoes were funny, but this is just sick. what kind of mind produces images like these and then puts them on film for others to see? what kind of mind includes innocent children in this weird, weird movie and then packages it as if it is appropriate for children? parents, whatever you do, if your child still believes in santa, don't let him/her see this movie. preteens can watch it -- probably with "what the...?" expressions on their faces. if you decide to inflict this movie on others, you might want to spike their eggnog.quite possibly the worst film ever made.

as a long-time fan of all the star trek series,i found this a disappointing episode, and i wonder if the liberal use of "flashbacks" featuring will riker's exploits, both positive (and largely romantic) and negative (lots of pain, and a crewmate's death)was a money-saving device, as were many of their "bottle shows" (episodes in which all scenes take place on the enterprise). diana muldaur(who also appeared at least twice on the original series) deserved a better final appearance than this for her character, dr. kate pulaski. loyal viewers (in the star trek world, is there any other kind?) also were shortchanged. this was the last episode of second season; thus, the season ended "not with a bang" but with "a whimper."

i loved this movie, i'll admit it. this has to be the best (straight to?) video movie i've seen. well... me and my friend decided just for shits n' giggles that we'd rent this movie. we knew what to expect and we got exactly what we expected, plus more. when that red neck gets slammed up against the tree by the sasquatch, we literally watched that part about three to four times, it was that amazing (hysterically, of course). and why? oh why does the main character have to roll that much? like honestly, we know that you're in danger, rolling that much isn't gonna help all that much. but really, if this movie is in you're local video store rent it. it is worth the money and it's not even that bad, like it's bad, but not incredibly bad. overall, complete amazing will be in store for you if you rent this movie.

it really is that bad of a movie. my buddy rented it because he, well, is an idiot. but then again, i must be an idiot too because i watched the whole damn thing! the actors were on par with high school drama geeks who think that are going places. the only place they will be going is back to waiting tables at luby's. all i could think of while i was watching this "gem" was how it actually got made. i mean, some "screenwriter" actually thought that this premise was fresh, original and lucrative. then some moron with money believed in the script so much that he decided to fork some cash over with the naive misconception that he was going to make a return on it. actors were cast, locations were scouted, make-up artists were hired, computer animators fresh out of al collins graphic design school were brought in and this turd started to take form.there obviously were a ton of things that i hated about this move but the one thing the drove me the craziest was the overuse of music. every single minute of this flick was scored. there was not a single break in music. and at times it was mixed higher than the dialogue, not that it made you miss some vital plot point or anything.after it was over, we decided to watch mystic river. it was like driving a 1980 vw diesel rabbit then switching to a bmw 740il. you couldn't get two more opposite movies in terms of quality.

i really looked forward to seeing nana after seeing renoir amazing debut work, whirlpool of fate. i had read that nana was generally considered his best silent film so i had high hopes. sadly this felt like a huge step backwards.catherine hessling is the main problem with this film. her acting is over the top, even for a silent film. her acting is more like what one would expect in a film from the early teens, not the late 20s. she usually has the same face, which reminds me (sorry to say) of someone with constipation pains. it was also very difficult to believe that any man would fall for this femme fatale. there was nothing charming about her at all.the film was also quite long drawn, the camera work was uninteresting (aside from a shot of a horse race) and the editing was dull. the story reminded me of pabst's pandora's box. it is interesting to compare the two because there are only 3 years between these films. pandora's box simply scores on every level where nana fails.this film is only for renoir completists or very serious silent films buffs.

how many fricken' times do we have to see a spook walking by in the background & peaking through a mirror's reflection? it's been done in two dozen movies in recent memory & four dozen times in this choppy, poorly done film. there were only two freaky moments to appreciate....when the ghosts invaded the personal spaces of two characters. speaking of characters, the acting was as flat as the diet coke in the 64 oz. cup i was drawing it from. the side characters could have been pulled from various scooby doo cartoons. there was the friendly, aged sheriff. there was the kooky weirdo living in the backwoods with the alabama drawl. lots'o'characters with no development. the most disturbing image was that of a murdered child in the beginning. but rather than explore the child's murder, which would have been interesting, they just let us know that she was dead & her parents had a hard time reconciling her death with the community & each other. when they reach the cabin, the scenes rarely flowed together....with flashing images of the dead daughter interjected here & there. oh...and the eerie sounds were also overdone. you know what i mean....creaking doors that open by themselves, crickets in the forest, yada yada yada. ooooohhhh. haven't seen that before. again, you'll see the amazing self-opening door in the movie over and over an over again. note to director: a scary scene is only scary if it's not repeated every 5 minutes in the same film. think these things out before calling out "it's a wrap!"

for all of the hype about this film, i kept an open mind as to what i would ultimately think. and, although a bit slow at times, the first 90% of the movie is quite good, with more than a few "old time" scares that make one jumpy and unsettled. i actually thought the cinematography was excellent regarding many of these scenes. where dark remains fails, however, is in its climax. the ending of the film and the denouement are what seems to be miles apart from its body. the storyline completely falls on its face with an illogical conclusion and, the answer i was seeking most - what really happened to emma? - was not elucidated upon! the rationale for the negative energy was ludicrous at best, and in the end, i felt very cheated. what could have been a superb horror film was ultimately haunted by a terrible ending.

i think i agree that a lot of the comments here must be fake. even if the movie is not necessarily bad its definitely below average. "dark remains" is basically a ghost movie with a premise of your own ghosts and bad emotions haunting you. the movie starts off already with 2 stories loosely inter-webbed which even later are not tied together. a couple loses its child which is found slashed in its bed. they move to a country house to flee their past and guess what... the house is haunted, kind of. from here on dark remains starts off very slow with some scary moments indeed (the first ghost appearances are nice and the flashlight sequence also worked very good). ok, then... woman sees ghost of daughter, other ghosts of people died in accidents or suicides appear, man tries to solve secret of houses past, woman gets depressed, strange neighbors appear. its pretty much all been there, but the premise of it being their own emotions is nice, so you wait for the twist. there is no twist, you are just confused by a haunted house history story, the strange neighbor, a totally pointless creepy prison and the dead daughter thrown together with a photo-idea reminding me a lot of "the shutter". the end is ridiculous because when you start and end a movie this slow and with piano music its pretty lame to include some hoards of ghosts at once which look like a zombie flick, of course just to return to slow pacing and piano music. to make it short... dark remains could have been a nice scary ghost story if the script was not trying to go everywhere and arriving nowhere.too many stories mushed together which just don't make any sense and contradict in the basic atmosphere of the movie. and beside... please never use abandoned prisons again. its so worn off and in this case it even makes no sense at all. "hey, there is this creepy prison uphill, lets shoot there". i guess a lot of ingredients in dark remains were thrown in the mix like this.

granted, i'm not the connoisseur d'horror my partner is, but a well put together, clever flick is worth the time. my quibbles, in brief:- dialog often weak and at times unbelievable coming from the given character.- unconvincing acting.- storyline never really caught fire.the writers plucked choice bits from half a dozen mainstream films, tossed into a kettle, simmered not nearly enough and tried feeding us poor saps the resulting mess, al'dente.long and short, while not absolutely terrible, it was definitely not worthy of absorbing one of my netflix rentals.

dark remains is a low budget american horror movie that somehow managed to win 2 awards.the plot seems to involve 2 separate strands. first, a woman commits suicide by slashing her wrists whilst bathing. second, the young daughter of a technical writer is found with her throat slashed. the grieving couple decide to move to an isolated cabin in the mountains. it later transpires that the cabin and surrounding locations are haunted.as the movie goes on, the 2 separate strands of story eventually converge as one might reasonably expect. however, the execution is haphazard and results in confusion that could perhaps only be resolved by multiple viewings. unfortunately, the movie is simply not enticing enough to attract most viewers into watching it more than once.just about everything that could go wrong with this movie goes wrong - and fast! and the low budget cannot be used to justify all of the shortcomings found here.i believe it would be wrong to pass judgement on the actors involved in this production as the material was simply too poor.the characters are uninteresting as pointed out by other reviewers on this site. the badly written script introduces too many people without giving them interesting dialogue, without creating opportunities for character-driven situations and without adding depth to any of them.the direction is uninspired. the inspiration from j-horror movies such as ringu, the grudge and one missed call is evident. unfortunately, the directors of dark remains did not pay close attention to the style of j-horror. j-horror works so effectively because it plays on fear of the unknown. tension is created by constant shifts between a bizarre situation (a ghost on a cctv camera walking towards it for example), and the reaction of a central character who is faced with it without any warning. there is no humour or tongue-in-cheek element in these movies. everything is played so straight and without remorse or limitations that you can't help but be convinced and captivated by it. the foreboding atmospheres set up the suspense and ensures the horror has psychological impact, very much unlike the "jump scares" used in hollywood movies.the directors of dark remains made a brave attempt to avoid hollywood clichés and also successfully avoided using cgi. the homage to j-horror could have been well intended. unfortunately, the lack of inspiration is likely to make the viewer laugh at the supposed "scares" on the screen. the make-up effects of the "ghosts" weren't too bad given the low budget but their actions just defied logic. i was scratching my head quite a few times during this movie.i couldn't give away the ending even if i wanted to. i simply couldn't understand it. all i could deduce was that it was something of an anti-climax.what remains? the answer as a reviewer on a different website has pointed out is boredom. the movie is a chore to sit through. thankfully, the pain ends after an hour and a half. however, most would probably switch off long before the end.there are only 2 positive things i could find in this movie - the successful avoidance of scare clichés and the absence of the "f-word" in every single sentence like one would normally expect to find. this is what the 2 stars are for.those who like supernatural or psychological horror relating to ghosts and haunting might do well to stick to movies such as the legend of hell house, the changeling or the j-horror sub-genre.if you think you have seen too many established movies and want to see an obscure ultra-low budget "r-rated" horror movie about ghosts, watch death of a ghost hunter. it may not be the greatest horror movie ever made but it is surely a lot better than dark remains and does have a few genuine surprises in store.i advise everyone to avoid dark remains like the plague.

if you have ever seen a movie by brian avenet-bradley and compares it to the feedbacks it gets on imdb, you know that most of the comments and votes are faked. trust me: you will be bored! people of the production team write their feedback themselves (sometimes they even admit it). but that's not enough: they also click constantly "no" whenever there is a negative comment on the movie. that's why negative critics are always placed behind the hyped ones.the movie itself is bad, bad, bad: bad acting, bad lighting, bad script, bad ending. believe me now! if not, you will believe me later!brian avenet-bradley might be quite a good business man. otherwise it cannot be explained that he finds people who still finance his movies. (okay, they are cheap, but nevertheless.) but as a creative person, he is a complete failure.

i'm writing this because i somehow felt being led to believe dark remains was a good movie. whilst it's not the worst i've seen, it certainly isn't good.a weak script, weak actors, and weak directing. even if they can't afford big name cast, would it be too much to ask for a more attractive lead actress? it was painful to watch a plain actress through out the film with her dull performance. the story was a cliché and poorly scripted. the special effects were minimal. the "suspense" tricks employed repetitively here were hard to swallow.to be fair, dark remains is no worse than quite some of the masters of horrors' episodes. but not quite on par with quality movies yet. dark remains is only recommended for the hardcore horror fans who don't want to miss any movie in the genre, even if it's a poorly made one. as for anyone else, time should be spent on something more valuable - which should be extremely easy.

okay. look- i've seen lots and i do mean lots of these types of films. you know, the ones where the dvd cover just look so good and scaarrryyy that you just cant wait to see it? well, i got got again. and i'm getting' pretty tired of it. but i digress. it's pretty simple. it sucked(i know, rather juvenile) but it did. andi so agree with the other poster that if we had to sit through the boring thing, why oh why did the lead actress have to be so unnattractive?distractingly so if i may add. and the scowl she used convey unresolved pain/grief over the death of her daughter did little help. i mean, jesus.. oh, but the crawling-on-her-back-demon thingee was pretty neat...

give me my money back! give me my life back! give me a bit of credit. this movie was vomit worthy. useless and time consuming. what a waste of energy and totally pointless. okay i understand the premise and the idea sound but, give us a break! next time just give me the money and let me spend it. lost child, mothers remorse, blamed husband! cliché yes~! get a life! sorry but this movie was a total waste of my time, my money and my being. i would rather watch eggs cook! no real explanation to why this happened. prison? why? loss? obvious but why? acting deserves a what am i doing here oscar and the cinematography a am i just doing this for a wage? how much did this movie make? well this silly fool hired a copy. enough said

grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter, discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place, restless spirits of past occupants who committed suicide. julie pyke(cheri christian)blames husband allen(greg thompson)for the horrible death of their daughter due to leaving the door unlocked and the marriage has deteriorated because of it. julie remains in a zombie state, eliciting next to no emotion, remote and numb, only photographing a nearby abandoned prison, finding a startling image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell. though allen doesn't see anything out of the ordinary, julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something isn't quite right. a local handyman, jim payne(scott hodges), a rather distant fellow who harbors a secret becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the haunts occurring to the pykes. meanwhile the neighbors who sold the pykes the cabin find themselves victims as well, alcoholic mr booth's abuse to his wife coming back to haunt him. allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin, attempting to unravel the mystery about the place.plenty of ghosts moving about in the background in this somber supernatural tale with practically every character miserable. cheri christian remains so vacuous and lost, it's incredibly hard to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her plight. the acting, as is often mentioned, remains frustrating because none of the characters exactly are easy to latch on to. i guess it's supposed to be this way, under their circumstances, but the trouble i had was never being able to properly embrace the pykes due to their constant state of aloofness. cheri comes off as cold and detached, as i figure a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way, but the icy nature left me pleading inside to embrace her which i just never could. i think the right performers, even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil, can grab the hearts of their viewers, if a humanity reaches out to us..in this movie's case, the leads are unable to do so, for whatever reason. it could've been me, i don't know. i wanted to care for them, but nothing in the characters tugged on my heart strings. anyway, as the film continues, allen slowly uncovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them and she won't lose her little girl again. jim, the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the hauntings plaguing the area he must kill the pykes, becomes a vital threat. the ghosts remain a central part of the movie, their presence, particularly jim's mother, established throughout, off in the distance. the finale reveals all of them as allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart jim's mission. i had a hard time getting into this one due to my unease with the leads and their characters.

acting was weak, but in a horror flick, i can live with that if the story is good. it wasn't. the initial event was an clumsy and obvious ploy to exploit most people's adoration of kids. ok, fine. fast forward to the "place in the country" where they will recover emotionally. i like the revelation of the ghosts. ok, cool--this will be a supernatural kinda horror story, with rotting things partly in our world partly in...where ever. then the action starts pulling like a three headed dog in a flurry of cats and birds--is there an evil force trying to attack them directly? is there an evil force trying to attack them indirectly--make people do awful things they wouldn't really do? oh, wait, no, maybe the whole region is some kind of psychic echo chamber where ambient discord can reverberate into murder? ok, hold on--maybe it's really just one little mentally tangled "delbert"-style redneck boy who misses his mommy and is on some kind of spree like a k-tel norman bates knock off? oh, yeah--extra points off: the only black character seems to be the grandson of an "our gang" pullman porter. the actor plays it as straight as he can given the crummy dialogue, but the fact is, his purpose is "y'all done betta get outa heah, boss!" at least they wrote him smart enough to gtf outta there. the bit with the little girl being silenced and pulled away was definitely creepy, as was the chick in the shower. those were just two of quite a few really delicious tidbits in this movie. the problem is that they are combined in disharmonious ways, like a bite of steak, a bite of chocolate and a bite of a gummi bear. each is great on it's own, but mixed up? bleah! such potential. wasted.

what an insult to the sa film industry! i have seen better sa films. the comments i read about hijack stories,by saying it is worthy of a ten out of ten is quite scary. a movie's rating should not depend on.., "oh, a movie from a developing country. lets boost their industry by saying nice things about their work, even though it is bad." we have the expertise to make good movies. don't judge the film industry on what people say how great they think hijack stories is. we can tell great stories such as cry the beloved country and shaka zulu. cry the beloved country i'll give 9 out of 10. great directing by darryl, great acting by two great elderly actors, irrespective from where they are. hijack stories.., i'll give 1 out of 10. it could only be people involved in the project who would give it high scores. i would've done the same if it was my movie.

*****warning, may contain spoilers which will be more entertaining than this tripe.**** heres some good advise to anyone living in the u.k. whenever channel 5 has an old 80's comedy on late at night, read a book instead. i am currently in the process of recovering from a seizure, due to reading some of the comments on this film on here. i am actually shocked at the fact that someone actually said this film was realistic! all i can say is thank god the cold war never escalated or else we might as well have given the commie's our borders... i found this film dire in the utmost pretence, maybe it is just my british perception of what makes a film funny, who knows? but in all aspects, this film is not just awful, its teeth grindingly terrible.i've never been a fan of bill murray, and its rubbish like this that justify my feelings towards him. don't get me wrong, i loved ghostbuster's, which was made only three years after this film. but this just sums bill murray up really. i can safely say that i haven't wasted my time so blatantly like this since seeing the first running of operation delta force over here, though these two films have more in common than you would think. for 1 thing, they both have terrible action sequences from beginning to end, and 2nd. they are both riddled with cheesy cliché's, throughout.heres one thing, these guys are supposed to be in the "u.s army". yet they are allowed to wallow around their camp, willy nilly, seducing female military police officers, and subsequently shagging them silly in the generals quarters. talk about random! this film is just terrible for this i'm afraid. now don't get me wrong, i'm no feminist sympathiser, but the fact that these two women actually fall hands over heels in love with the two characters shortly after arresting them, letting them go free... twice, is just insulting to the female race. the fact that one tatty haired, fat lipped bum (winger) and his hapless sidekick ramis can simply sweet talk themselves into into the mp's underwear, to which they fall madly in love with the two of them is nothing short of ludicrous.then there is the training scenes, where you get to meet the squad "phycho" who unconvincingly threatens to kill anyone who touches him or his stuff, followed by the overweight bloke (played by the late and great john candy) who claims he joined the army to "avoid paying $400 for anger management classes". leading to loud mouthed murray paying tribute to the "giant toe," (wtf?) 'drill seargent' who honestly couldn't organise a pi$$ up in a brewery, let alone his band of recruits. all this scene serves to do is to prelude loads of fight scenes, with people saying "way to go ass hole'!" all the time, etc etc.the scenes then carry on showing the rag tag bunch making utter tits of themselves on the assault course, leading to a scene where one of them shoots wildly into the air at some passing birds with an assault rifle, peppering a watch tower with bullets. (just like that. yep, told you this film was random...he miraculously escapes undisciplined as well...) eventually leading up the the passing out parade, where the hapless squad make a magic turn around within the space of two hours. (bugger me, miracle!) thanks to some wise words from murray, to which they then direct a massively none military like dance routine in front of a geriatric 'general' in front of the rest of the squads. all of this to the immense pleasure of their two girlfriends on the stand, who really should've been arresting them... everyone laughs it off though. this bit is nothing short of amazing though. he then chooses them to guard a new multi-million dollar prototype armoured vehicle in italy (which turns out to be just a mobile home painted green with loads of gadgets on the inside), claiming "this is exactly what this army needs!" righto...then there is the dire finale, where murray and ramis decide to steal this top-secret prototype military vehicle to pick up their newly acquired and somewhat hyperactive mp girlfriends in germany. to which the hapless captain (john larroquette) then finds out and leads the squad of fresh recruits on a retrieval mission for this vehicle. to which they then take a "wrong turn" en-route and end up in soviet held czechoslovakia, where they are captured. (like we didn't see that coming...) thus begins a rescue attempt by ramis and murray + birds in hand, to which is where a big fight, loads of shooting from the hip and blowing tanks up. with them coming back as national heroes, humiliating the russians by calling them "pussies," etc etc. the end. thats right. no courts martial, nothing. they only just stole a prototype military vehicle, drove it into a warsaw pact country and almost caused an international incident which could've sparked ww3!this film is honestly more fun that being diagnosed with a terminal illness. i know its meant to be a comedy, it got all the right actors for it, but where in the hell is it? have channel 5 cuts those bits out? the only redeeming feature in this film is the repetitive use of naked women taking showers, and female mud wrestling. (like i said, random) not that it helps to divert from the fact that this is an utterly crap film, of course. this film should realistically be aimed at immature 9 year old's, sadly, we have to watch it instead. 1 star out of 10 - total tripe. my advice, do something a little more useful with your time. like castrating yourself...

possibly not, but it is awful. even the fantastic cast cant save it. ok, i admit it started off quite funny but it seemed to plummet downhill as soon as they jumped those girls in the generals house. bill murray turned from being a quick witted, humorous guy into an arsehole who was shouting things at people in the street that just weren't funny, its like he was trying too hard to be funny. his character stole a weapon (an rv? come on...) and ends up being a national hero after invading another country and killing god knows how many soldiers, for a laugh. one good point is that this film shows the inadequacy and incompetence of the us army and shows how arrogant and imbecilic they really are, albeit unintentionally. i actually felt disgusted that this kind of propaganda crap could really be released.

i didn't like this bill murray vehicle when it was originally released in the 80s, so i tried watching it again to see if my distaste for this film was down to my movie-going tastes in the 80s or was it that "stripes" is simply a bad movie. well, the verdict is in and "stripes" is a bad movie.now, "stripes" may have been innovative comedy in the early 80s, and it may appeal to people who have gone through basic training or who are bill murray fans, but its still a bad movie.why is it bad? mostly because "stripes" is supposed to be a comedy but it's just not that funny. there are some laughs, but they are few and far between. most of the movie is consumed by the dramatic plot which is incredibly convoluted and not very interesting. this lack of comedy is especially noticeable if you're used to more contemporary comedies such as "anchorman" which strive for laughs in every part of the movie."stripes" further suffers from bill murray and harold ramis's lack of acting ability. bill murray is a great comedian but he was not a very compelling dramatic actor at this point in his career, and harold ramis is playing harold ramis. these two are just not good enough as actors to carry the dramatic arch of the movie.lastly, most of the comedy that there is in "stripes" revolves around bill murray's self-centered, smart-alec man-child character so if you don't find that character funny (like i didn't) you're not going to find most of what little comedy there is in "stripes" funny either."stripes" is very much a movie of its era, it hasn't aged well and is not worth watching. if you want to watch an early 80's "buddy" comedy i would recommend "stir crazy." like "stripes" the humor in "stir crazy" is not as fast-paced as in contemporary comedies, but unlike "stripes" it has aged much better and as a result is still watchable.

that is quite an outdated movie which aims to showcase the youth's yearning for freedom in some dehumanizing british school. oh yes it's like in the army, you learn to obey and do what you're asked to. yes the young dream of something else but it breaks their dreams and sweeps away their optimism on the threshold of life. great.basically that's how you could sum up the nice intentions in if... nice intentions that arouses no cinematographic challenges: the result is a declamatory movie. do you see how boring i mean?at least that oldie helped kubrick cast mcdowell in a clockwork orange, a movie with a truly powerful social satire and no self-indulgent sentimentalism.

lindsay anderson was very much a european film maker , whereas the likes of david lean , ridley scott and alan parker make spectacular movies involving visuel scope anderson`s movie are more about social commentary and subtext , so much so that the message often ends up taking over the entire film whose primary function should be to entertain the audience what you think of if comes down to what you think of british film makers . i`m very much of the view that cinema should be a universial medium ( the best brit movie makes are those who try to emulate hollywood in my opinion ) , if you want to send a message try pony express , and i find the movie dated , pretentious and too set in the 1960s . 1968 was the summer of love and the year of student rebellion in france . you can just imagine every single french leftist worshipping this movie especially the climax . french new wave film makers will also admire the abstract surrealism of some scenes but a mainstream international will dislike it , and many will dislike it intensely

i just saw "if" i can remember the advertisements for the movie from 1968, so i was interested in finally seeing it. it may be the perspective of an american who never went to a british public school and misses some of the social references, but i thought the movie was awful. for one thing, as others have pointed out, it takes almost the entire movie for the much ballyhooed-at-the-time revolt to break out. for another, whether the last scene is real or imagined, what occurs isn't a revolt, but a shooting rampage. there's quite a difference.i know it may be bad form to judge a movie on subsequent events, but one cannot avoid doing it here. one person wrote a message board posting asking us not to compare the end of movie to the incidents at columbine high school and virginia tech. but if there's a scintilla of difference between klebold, harris and cho on the one hand and travis (malcom mcdowell) on the other, i simply can't see it. all four of them were under the delusion that their gunfire is going to purify a f___-ed up world that they arrogantly take no responsibility for.which brings me to: why the hell are travis and his chums even in a school they so despise? they are adults, or close to it. they're not in a military prison, like the inmates in "the hill," a much better british film from about the same time. no one is forcing them to go to college and take beatings from the the whips, except maybe ambitious parents in need of a wake-up about the nature of their sons. i had the opportunity in college to join a frat, except i couldn't stand to be given silly, cruel orders by delinquents claiming to be my prospective "brothers." i took the consequences of not having the "in" with the establishment that frats provide, and i can't say i regretted it.if travis fancies himself the second coming of lenin (whose unbearded picture hangs prominently in his room) he's free to go out and organize a fitter's union or work for michael foot in the next election. if he wants to be jack kerouac, then get on the road and start writing. what possible benefit is he giving the world in joyriding a motorcycle and getting drunk in his room?sometimes reviewers have to be like the person who responded to the scene in "last tango in paris" where brando mopes about having had to go on a date with cow manure on his shoes. in the real world, the person said, a listener would say "why didn't you scrape it off? change your shoes?" --don't allow fictional characters to lay a self-pity trip on you because you don't dare point out an common-sense alternative course of action for them. so it is here.

this is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression.. story writing is what movie making is about. incredible visual effects.. very good acting, especially from shue. everything is perfect.. except.. the story is just poor and so, everything fails.picture this, if you had the power to be invisible.. what would you do? well, our mad scientist here (played by kevin bacon) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women.. this is all his supposedly "genius" mind could think of. does he try to gain extra power? no. he doesn't even bother research a way to get back to being visible. the guy is basically a sex crazed maniac.add to that, the lab atmosphere, you have all these young guys.. throwing around jokes like they were in a bar.. if it wasn't for all the white coats and equipment, you would think this is a bad imitation of "cheers." very shallow and poor personalities and very little care is put into making you think these guys are anything but lambs for the hollow man's wolf.even as a thriller, the movie falls way short because most of the "thrilling" scenes are written out so poorly and are full of illogical behaviors by the actors that are just screaming "this is just a stupid thing i have to do so that the hollow man can find me alone and kill me."if you read the actual book, while the scientist (cane) goes after women, there is a lot of mental manipulation and disturbing thought that goes into his character. in the movie, cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it. just sad.

going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac. so right away you're guessing who will live and who will die. the survivors end up being exactly who you'd expect them to be, so no points for plot twists there.and if you're not sure if this is a b-movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story, william devane plays a part: instant b-movie status.the movie is promising in the beginning. at the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent. oooh, foreboding. the best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again. great special effects. same thing when they make bacon invisible.there are a couple of bare breasts, a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an r-rating that it really didn't need.for a thriller there weren't really any surprises, except when shue makes like macgyver in the freezer, which is more of a 'whaaaa?' ok, there is one surprise. that's when caine (bacon) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft. it was a surprise but only because you're yelling at tv, 'noooo! you're dead already! end the movie!' speaking of yelling at the tv,that's all i did for the last 25 minutes or so. 'put on your f#@%ing goggles!' instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him, they try every other trick in the book (fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems...).the story really lost it at the end. but the special effects were good; that's the only reason i give it a 2/10.

leave it to paul "sex on the brain" verhoeven to come up with a pointlessly sleazy and juvenile version of the invisible man story. if he'd direct a pokemon film, i'm sure he'd turn it into some massive orgy of sorts. i don't mind sex or even sleaze (check my other reviews) on film but frankly, it's obvious the director has a one track mind and he couldn't see interesting aspects about an invisible man storyline than the kinky implications it comes with it. it's a shame because it could have been good if the film didn't spend so much time having an invisible kevin bacon grope women. the game cast of actors does what it can with the one-note cheesy script but i felt bad for some of them, including william devane, who is totally wasted here.but then what could i have expected from the director of showgirls, which, btw, is much more entertaining than this stilted & bad film.

(some spoilers) - as if you wouldn't know how it'll endmy expectations for hollow man were high. a very good commercial, a director like paul verhoeven and actors like kevin bacon and elisabeth shue, plus a very interesting theme - invisibility. every premise for a great movie was accomplished. unfortunately these things didn't matter at all. the movie was very very week, without suspense and awfully predictable. it's all about a bunch of scientists who discovered invisibility. after the tests on animals succeeded, kevin bacon decides to test it on himself. once he's invisible, he changes completely, realizing the advantages of not being seen. from this to murder there's a very thin line.hollow man is an ill movie. it suffers of the disease that many new movies have: the special effects. from a challenging theme that could have lead the producers to a great tensed psychological thriller, verhoeven ruins everything focusing only on special effects, without giving a damn about the real value of the movie. i must admit, the fx are awesome, probably the best i have seen since matrix, but that's not enough to make a movie good. actually that's the problem with the movies today. just like verhoeven, most directors care only about spectacular scenes - and nothing more. the exceptions are very few, and probably the matrix is the only movie that combines perfectly fabulous special effects and great plot.after starship troopers, verhoeven disappoints again. in stead of a great film, hm is cr*p. there are only 2 reasons why you could watch this movie: 1. the special effects 2. the joke with superman and wonder woman (i won't spoil this moment for you...)okay, so what went wrong with the movie? everything. let's see what i can remember.--- it's not tensed at all. it should've been, but it's not.--- it's too predictable . you know from the beginning who will die and who will live.--- in stead of focusing on the psychological part, verhoeven cares only about the effects.--- very many cliches. --- of course the bad guy wakes up a few times before dying.--- just like in every low quality horror, the first rule is to let the characters separate as much as possible. every time there is somebody alone in the lab, perfect victim for bacon.--- some holes in the plot. example: at the beginning, bacon has to scan his finger to enter the lab. after he's invisible, how can he do that?--- the ending: absolutely horrible.--- after shue hits bacon in the head, bacon falls down to the ground. then shue and brolin leave quietly and slowly, without looking back. is that normal? then bacon gets up, attacks them, they "kill" him again. and then shue screams "i heard an explosion" (happened minutes ago), and they suddenly run inside. didn't she hear that explosion some time before?--- there's a scene in which you can see the microphones hanging above the actors. come on, mr verhoeven , i expected much more from you!so that's about hollow man. what was supposed to be a great movie turned into a scam. vote: 4 out of 10 (for the special effects)

i get to the cinema every week or so, and regularly check out this site, but never before have i felt compelled to comment on a film.to my all time list of shockingly bad films - last man standing, spawn, the bone collector - i can now add the drivel that was 'hollow man'.from the awful opening titles - a ridiculously over-long run through of cast and crew put together with alphabetti spaghetti - through to the insulting finale - a world record number of cliches and some of the most absurd dialogue and acting to have ever made it to cinema - this film is dismal, and only the impressive computer graphics keep you from walking out long before the end.this isn't just my opinion - it was that of my friends, and everyone around us. when large sections of an audience are laughing and groaning during and after a serious thriller, its clear that the film is hopeless.not only that, it was sick too. the director took the action beyond the bounds of realistic fare for a violent film, and into the realms of an over the top blood soaked b-movie. it's difficult not to imagine the director as some sort of dirty old man, because the extent of the invisible man's forays out of the lab and into the outside world extended only to two attempts at having a feel of some breasts. perhaps sex could well be the first thing on a bloke's mind if made invisible, but aside from the aesthetic pleasures of the ladies involved, it hardly makes entertaining cinema.[spoilers follow]get past the films sick exterior, and things are even worse. whilst kevin bacon does a good job of acting increasingly twisted as 'hollow man', the rest of them - perhaps handicapped by a dire script - do an even better job of being hollow cast. one long time member of the team is found strangled in a locker by the invisible man, "he's finally snapped" shrugs one colleague without a hint of emotion. this is par for the course, and the lab team swing between sheer terror and complete indifference with such speed that you wonder how they got into acting. they pad their way through the lab corridors terrified, guns poised, but then seconds later one of the crew skips happily off back down the corridor to get blood for a hurt colleague. the lead female treats the invisible man with courtesy and good humour even after he's insulted and abused her, and there seems to be little reaction to his breakouts, even after he drowns the pentagon chief, "he drowned in his pool last night" reports the same female, spectacularly failing to put two and two together.the script is littered with this kind of badly acted pedestrian dialogue, and the rest is just an a-z of film cliches, which get laid on thicker and faster as the film progresses to the point of complete disbelief and amusement at the end.the 'eureka' moment at the computer, the female undressing at the window, the looped security video - the list really is endless - the predictable disregard for strength in numbers, the decision not to kill the two main stars but just put them in a place of probable impending death and leave them to their own devices, the almost-dead good guy appearing out of nothing to save the woman, the bomb and ubiquitous countdown timer, the fireball explosion which just burns up before reaching the heroes, the falling lift which just stops before hitting them, and more than anything else, the immortality of the bad guy.the invisible man is burnt to a shred with a makeshift flame-thrower, electrocuted, whacked round the head with a bar which had just sliced straight through one of the lesser actors, and then having apparently survived the explosion, fireball and total destruction of the labs, has more than enough life left to climb up through the fireball for one last pop at the films heroes - by which stage the disbelieving audience are cringing and looking at their watches.that this exceptionally bad film actually made it to the cinema is astounding. even the name of the film is as hopeless as the movie itself, and not even impressive special effects come anywhere near saving this one, which should be avoided at all costs.

one could wish that an idea as good as the "invisible man" would work better and be more carefully handled in the age of fantastic special effects, but this is not the case. the story, the characters and, finally the entire last 20 minutes of the film are about as fresh as a mad-scientist flick from the early 50's. there are some great moments, mostly due to the amazing special effects and to the very idea of an invisible man stalking the streets. but alas, soon we're back in the cramped confinement of the underground lab, which means that the rest of the film is not only predictable, but schematic.there has been a great many remakes of old films or tv shows over the past 10 years, and some of them have their charms. but it's becoming clearer and clearer for each film that the idea of putting ol' classics under the noses of eager madmen like verhoeven (who does have his moments) is a very bad one. it is obvious that the money is the key issue here: the time and energy put into the script is nowhere near enough, and as a result, "hollow man" is seriously undermined with clichés, sappy characters, predictability and lack of any depth whatsoever.however, the one thing that actually impressed me, beside the special effects, was the swearing. when making this kind of film, modern producers are very keen on allowing kids to see them. therefore, the language (and, sometimes, the violence and sex) is very toned down. when the whole world blows up, the good guys go "oh darn!" and "oh my god". "hollow man" gratefully discards that kind of hypocrisy and the characters are at liberty to say what comes most natural to them. i'm not saying that the most natural response to something gone wrong is to swear - but it makes it more believable if someone actually swears. i think we can thank verhoeven for that.

the invisible man is a fantastic movie from 1933, a cutting edge film for it's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible. go ahead, take a look at the film, you will be shocked that it was made in 1933, it was the first true special effects movie. come 2000, computer aided special effects seem like child's play, audiences are not blown away by special effects, instead they are disappointed if they are not done right. the special effects in hollow man, the update of the hg wells story, are ok, but not the biggest problem with this film directed by paul verhoeven, who you might remember from showgirls and total recall. kevin bacon plays sebastian caine, a scientist dabbling in the world of bio-invisibilation (yeah, i know that's not a word) but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team's funding. so, as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do, he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation (yeah, i know, i used that non-word again) process. the process has dire consequences, no caine does not die, but instead becomes a horny, violent creature, aka a guy. now that he's invisible, caine stalks a sexy neighbor, a co-worker, former girlfriend linda (elisabeth shue), and the man who took away his funding. then a funny thing happens, caine becomes a new supernatural being, "the thing that won't die." laughing in the face of all things natural, caine faces down death and spits in it's face, as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die, dragging the ending of the movie out. the movie is silly, stupid, and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used, sometimes not. there are neat possibilities in hollow man, but of course, not one of them is explored. for a more interesting look at an invisible being, get ready for some good old-fashioned black and white cinema, and check out the 1933 invisible man. kevin bacon will still be invisible when you come back, probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano.

for those who'd like to see this movie? i'd say: go! without the narration it might be a very good movie/documentary. but the music, the narration and some of the implemented story lines make it very hard to watch for a sceptic person like me. following several animals, their life in several seasons one gets the feeling that it is an animal soap we're watching. but the melodramatic point of view just doesn't cut it for me, moreover if a predator finally catches up on a prey (one exception left there) the camera zooms out or skips to another scene. i ask myself why that happens, if they were to show reality, why cut the scenes that a melodramatic fairytale remains? i think the moral is important for the mass of the crowd, cause after all: it would be a waste to destroy this beautiful planet.

my title above says it all. let me make it clearer. if you have seen the bbc's "planet earth" , which i am sure most of you have , then you are not gonna like this movie too much. and i own all the discs of "planet earth" i had seen the rating for this movie very high , and read good reviews about it. i was excited to check it out.alas, i went to the theater and the movie started , i saw it was a disney movie with production companies listing bbc and discovery. and when they started the first scenes about the polar bear, i recognized them from my dvds at home of "planet earth".the movie continued and went on and on and on , me and my friends kept on recognizing the scenes were all from "planet earth".we were very very disappointed , as i think 90% of the footage is from "planet earth" . i am saying 90% , because some of the scenes i didn't recognize. i have a feeling that i simply didn't remember them.so finally what this movie really is , is a compilation of different footages from the different discs of "planet earth" , with a narration aimed at kids. yes, the narration is quite kiddish. let me give you an example. when they show the polar cubs walking away from the mother cub , the narrator says "the polar cubs are not like human kids. they don't always listen to their mothers" ( i don't remember the exact words , but this is how it is ) so in a nutshell. this is condensed "planet earth" for kids !

a lot of death happens in the wild. you don't need to be a rocket scientist to figure that out! but does it need to be the focus of a nature documentary? what is with this fascination with gruesome death? do we really have to see an adult elephant torn to shreds by a pack of hungry lions? or, a cheetah grabbing a gazelle by the throat in slow motion, no less! i thought this was going to be a family-friendly nature film! and, why not have the courage to show the gruesome violence in the film's trailers? were the filmmakers afraid of losing money?then in typical, comic relief fashion we get to see the magnificent birds-of-paradise perform mating rituals to the most annoying and stupid narration humanly possible. it was surreal! it's as if the filmmakers believed they were only addressing a roomful of first and second graders on a school field trip! wow! from the mean to the moronic in a heartbeat!if there are any future nature documentary filmmakers waiting in the wings reading this film review, why not focus on: animals actually copulating; giving birth; laying eggs; bathing; sleeping; cleaning each other; socializing; playing; emotional displays other than fear and anger; unusual behaviors, like mouth brooding; migration; problem solving skills; culture (yes, many animal species have what humans call culture); communication skills; parenting, healing abilities, etc. in other words, stop focusing on violence or dumbing down beauty, and why not be much more well-rounded - and focus on delight and inspiration, instead?

i find it hard to understand why this piece of utter trash was repackaged. the only saving grace in the whole thing is the body of ariauna in her sexy uniform. her humour is also to be appreciated. she is a definite plus but alas it would take a magician to salvage this garbage. however she must be positively recognised for her heroic effort & true professionalism. can't say the same for her co star lilith with her whining voice that grates on your nervous system. appeared disinterested & gave the impression that just her presence on the set was all that was needed. all said apart from ariauna's performance it is indeed utter trash.

ariauna albright is a really good actress but why she participated in this lame written travesty is a mystery. what could have been entertaining winds up as classic boredom. the unique thing about ariauna is that she can act as well as look real sexy as opposed to her partner lilith stabs who looks fine but it is obvious she spent the money for acting school at the spa or beautician. this was a production that cried out for some t & a & with a imaginative script writer could have achieved it in the flow of things. however ariauna does what she can under the circumstances & to a extent salvages her reputation. the tempe company should be aware that when you dress two attractive women in skimpy fetish cop uniforms the viewers will expect some fetish play & t & a. nough said.

way back when, the x-files was an intelligent, thought-provoking show. a big part of its appeal was that the writers looked to folklore and science for their ideas, tying the plot to the spooky side of real life.i was incredibly wary of the 8th season when it aired. the show had already provided two perfectly good episodes to bow out on ("one son" and "requiem"), and the 7th season had seen a sharp rise in episodes that scraped the barrel for ideas that were far-fetched, implausible, or downright silly. but i figured, hey, give it the benefit of a doubt, maybe they're bringing it back because they've got some great ideas lined up."roadrunners" really was upsetting. following "patience", which at least offered an interesting angle on the vampire folklore that the show had done well to avoid, the episode sees a strange (alien?) parasitic slug with the power of mind control worshipped by a cult of backwoods christians. oh, and they think it's the second coming of christ, but you only find that out in the last couple of minutes. seriously. there's never *any* attempt to make sense of this, to explain what the slug is, why anything that's happening is happening, or anything. even in the show's early years - in fact, *especially* then - you could expect a little bit more depth, a bit of background, or if not that then the opposite - a bit of mystery, some uncertainty about what this was all about. it's scully that really kills it though. you could put up with the silliness of the premise, but to have a character who has been developed over a good 7 years as a rational skeptic transformed into a gullible maverick purely for the sake of advancing the plot is bizarre to watch. you feel like you're watching some godawful teen horror, except that it's a woman well into her thirties throwing herself into the kind of creepy isolated community that she's spent the best part of a decade uncovering the sinister underbelly of, being either outwitted by very stereotypical hicks or utterly indifferent to her own safety. oh, and by the way, doggett, the new mudler, isn't around. scully just wandered off into the desert to look into a brutal murder on her own without him. he shows up at the end to save the day - i can't even remember why - but apart from that, he's not really in it. again: seriously.in short, it feels like either a generic script written for another show, or someone's pet movie project which they've been allowed to shove like a mutant leech into the spine of an existing, long-running show at a time when it was at its most vulnerable. it might've worked on a lesser show, where the characters are more archetypal and the audience expects less. but the x-files had a good thing going, and scully was one of the strongest and most idiosyncratic tv characters of the 90s. deciding that you're going to change her personality for the sake of a story that they must've done on star trek a good fifty or so times is pointless.

one of boris karloff's real clinkers. essentially the dying karloff (looking about 120 years older than he was)is a scientist in need of cash to finish his experiments before he dies. moving from morocco where his funding is taken over by someone else he goes to the south of france where he works a s physician while trying to scrap enough money to prove his theories. desperate for money he makes a deal with the young rich wife of a cotton baron who is dying. she will fund him if he helps her poison the husband so she can take his money and carry on with a gigolo (who i think is married). if you think i got that from watching the movie you're wrong, i had to read what other people posted to figure out happened. why? because this movie had me lost from two minutes in.i had no idea what was going on with its numerous characters and multiple converging plot lines. little is spelled out and much isn't said until towards the end by which time i really didn't care. its a dull mess of interest purely for karloff's performance which is rather odd at times. to be honest this is the only time i've ever seen him venture into bela lugosi bizarre territory. its not every scene but a few and makes me wonder how much they hung out.

this has been put out on the dvd market by alpha, and it's for die-hard boris karloff fans (like moi) only. it's not a horror flick, but a drama where boris is a struggling scientist agreeing to kill a wealthy woman's husband in order to gain the fortune needed to continue with his work. but once the dying victim changes his will and leaves his spouse nothing, all hell breaks loose.it's appeasing enough seeing karloff as another selfish sinister type, and some of the acting is unintentionally hilarious (especially from the leading lady mona goya who is absolutely a laugh riot as the double-crossed wife).but proceed with much caution.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** juggernaut is a british made "thriller" released in the us by first national. karloff is dr. sartorius who has to leave his research because his funds have dried up. karloff is forced to retreat to france and start up a medical practice. he is propositioned by a conniving woman who wants to get rid of her much older husband. she knows karloff needs the money.karloff agrees to the proposition and soon becomes the personal doctor of the husband. all the while, the wife is prancing about town with the local no good playboy. karloff finally injects the old geyser with poison and he kicks off. however, his son (from another marriage) arrives a few days before the killing and finds out the will has been changed. when he spills the beans to the wife, she goes berserk and even bites the son's hand.meanwhile, karloff's nurse has misplaced the hypo karloff used to kill the old man. when karloff finds out he isn't getting any money, he asks the wife to poison the son. the nurse suspects karloff and finds the missing hypo. analysis shows poison, but not quite in time as karloff kidnaps the nurse.to make a long story short, the nurse escapes, gets the police, and manages to save the son who is about to be injected by karloff. karloff instead injects himself and dies.this movie does have some good points. karloff is possessed and plays the type of mad doctor he did in the devil commands and the man who lived again. it is peculiar, however, to see him walk around stiffly and slightly hunched over. we never find out why he is walking this way. i suspect the director thought it made him more sinister.the actress playing the 2-timing wife overacts something terrible. she has a french accent. even though she overacts badly, you still manage to hate her (or maybe you hate her because of her acting...).a little below average for a karloff vehicle. if you buy the sinister cinema vhs copy, the audio is a bit choppy.

this movie is all ultra-lightweight fluff, predictable from beginning to end. as a don knotts vehicle, "the incredible mr. limpet" was much better, with knott's character there not nearly as incompetent or ignorant. his performance there was toned down, with none of his trademark goggle-eyed stare, although that may have something to do with him being replaced for most of the movie by a cartoon fish. knotts made a living of playing the likable imbecile, much as bob denver did. neither really seemed to be able to break out to other types of roles, assuming they were simply typecast. it was probably because of the slouch, the wild stare and the high-pitched voice. john ritter, whom knotts worked with in "three's company," was able to transcend his genre, branching out successfully into dramatic roles like "the dreamer of oz," but the closest knotts ever got was a small role in "pleasantville." even leslie nielsen was a bad fit here, uncomfortably neither straight dramatic actor as he was at the time nor deadpan comedic actor as he later became in "airplane!" and "police squad."there's also no way the then-43 year-old knotts could pass for a 35 year-old, as his character insisted he was. it was as ludicrously unbelievable as tom hanks at 38 playing the college-age forrest gump.the film was clearly made on a shoestring budget, very much looking like a hastily-filmed tv episode. it's especially evident in the "exterior" scenes of the "town" where roy goes after he's fired. it's unlikely even a pre-schooler would be fooled by the mayberry-like soundstage artificiality.even viewing this strictly as a children's movie, it's very disappointing. it's not because it lacks action or special effects, although it does. the pace is much too slow, the situations repetitive. how many times can you watch roy getting onto a bus? a comedy for kids should at least sometimes be madcap, with breakneck gags, otherwise you risk boring them (and any adults in the theater as well). movies, even kid's movies, have improved quite a bit in the intervening decades. even many contemporary comedies were better filmed and written. disney's "the love bug," for instance, at least had some interesting race action.

after leaving tv's popular "the andy griffith show", don knotts gave movie stardom a valiant try with a series of inane but matinée-pleasing comedy vehicles. unfortunately, "the reluctant astronaut", filmed on the cheap (as were most of knotts' movies), is much worse than his others. don plays a small town schnook who gets accepted to astronaut training camp...but not as a candidate for space travel--they want him as their new janitor! some may say the weak satire capitalizes on americans' then-fresh fever for the new age of technology, but the flick is really just a dim excuse to keep restless children occupied. it gets off to a good start, with an ok set-up and nostalgic locations, but it becomes increasingly more spiritless and idiotic. * from ****

i love don knotts, let me just say that up-front! he is an enormous talent and the best at what he does, which is portray a nervous, lovably befuddled loser thrown into a position of authority. he is fabulous in this role as roy fleming, the reluctant astronaut, but the film is pretty dull, really, even though as a kid my brother and i delighted in watching this and his other films. it's still worth watching but really it's a film that is best enjoyed by children. i'd categorize it as 100% family-friendly and something you could sit down and watch with your kids on a family night.as with all of knotts' films, there's a great cast of beloved character actors and you can't help but smile when knotts gives one of his shaky, open-mouthed stares, no matter how old and jaded you are.from an adult perspective, one thing i think that is great about this film is how it captures nasa in the 1960s -- all the new modern buildings, the hope, the optimism, the future! and i was surprised at how suave and studly leslie neilsen was back then. only complaint about the story is roy's love interest, a rather threadbare, unlikeable woman who can't give him the time of day until he becomes a big shot -- if you're like me, you'll be hoping that he gives her the shove-off at the end. beware -- you'll be whistling the theme tune for days after watching, it's that catchy.

i guess i only have myself to blame for the gigantic disillusion that is "entrails of a virgin". you already know not to expect a cinematic masterpiece when you see a juicy and proudly promoted title like this and the first impression only gets extra confirmed when noticing the film is a mid-80's production from japan. now, there are quite a lot of demented and sick filmmakers active in japan, but kazuo komizu surpasses them all with his thoroughly depraved and sickening trilogy revolving on nothing but aggressive sex and the sadistic abuse of young girls. not even attempting to tell a story, "entrails of a virgin" simply presents a hodgepodge of un-arousing semi-pornographic sex and truly poor gore-effects that wouldn't even please the most undemanding fan of cheesy 80's horror. images of a bunch of photographers and their fashion models are inexplicably intercut with scenes of a filthy pervert having crude sex with a seemly under-aged girl. he dumps her not even a minute after climaxing (typical) and she begs him to stay, even if she has to share him with other women. i don't get it. is this supposed to represent a general male fantasy? because it's really clichéd and wrongful. anyways, back to the bunch of horny photographers and docile models. surprised by upcoming fog on their way home, the group entrenches themselves in an abandoned country house where they have more appalling sex and eventually fall victim to a ridiculous sex-demon who kills them all. the acting performances are amateurish, the dialogs inane and primitive and komizu's direction is weak and uninspired. i can tolerate all that, including the woman-unfriendly portrayal of sex, but i came too close to turning the film off during the indescribably mean-spirited wrestling sequence. one of the males brutally hits, kicks and throws around one of the girls and calls her a filthy whore until she literally pees her panties and cries with agony. this sequence is, in my humble opinion, the absolute low-point of asian exploitation cinema. one to avoid and maybe even boycott.

entrails of a virgin is so bizarre and incomprehensible that it allows the viewer to interpret it subjectively, applying whatever meaning he wishes to its inexplicable excesses of sex and violence. if this was an intentional characteristic of the film, it would be a work of postmodern brilliance-but of course it isn't. without getting too much into plot summary, let's take a quick walking tour of the events. at a secluded cabin, an orgy is in progress, which includes topless wrestling and diaper p***ing. a vanload of latecomers joins the orgy in progress, but they have unwittingly been followed by a monster i like to call "the muddy ninja." this monster precedes to slay orgy participants one by one, except the proverbial virgin (if you don't count oral sex) who receives his seed and consequently becomes so passionate with desire that she masturbates with someone's severed hand. finally she has her guts pulled out, and then there's a scene which seems to imply that she's pregnant with a baby muddy ninja. got all that? if you're going to rent this movie, it's best if you don't speak japanese and don't have any subtitles. in a season populated by boring hollywood flicks, putting this in your vcr might be the cinematic equivalent of shock therapy. it will certainly be something different.

less self-conscious and much less pretentious than guts of a beauty, this kazuo komizu gore flick is worth a look (at least once).sleazy snapshotters escort wanna-be actresses/models to a remote house in the woods in order to sexually molest them. unfortunately (for the horny boys), a long-schlonged demon, who lives in the woods, has already targeted the girls for fun.the thing even ends up having fun with the boys -- that's if you consider beheadings, dismemberment and masturbation with severed limbs "fun".once again, it all sounds better on paper than it looks and sounds on film.just as komizu mangled living dead at tokyo bay with his ineptitude, he also mangles this effort and is only saved by some audacious violence and some great white panty shots.don't buy the hype, though, or you'll be sorely disappointed.

ok the plot is, wait you got me there is no true discernible plot here just a string of optically fogged sex scenes, strung together by scenes of photographers taking pictures of pretty ladies (sometimes a combination of the two) then a demon comes around kills the men, rapes and kills the women, and waxes poetic about the meaning of life. moronic special effects, bad acting and bizarre philosophy aside, you get what you expect from a film with a title like this. i guess it would have to be someone's cup of tea, just not mine as i have yet to see a good kazuo 'gaira' komizu directed film.dvd extras: subtitled interview with director kazuo komizu part 1 (part 2 is on the entrails of a beautiful woman dvd); and theatrical tailermy grade: f

maybe it was the title, or the trailer (certainly not the interview on the dvd, which is with the director as he keeps saying "hi, kids" into the camera like a buffoon), but i had expectations for entrails of a virgin to be at least a bit of sleazy fun with some good sex scenes and brutal, bloody killings by a weird japanese penetrator. turns out it's way too sleazy for its own good, or bad, or whatever. there's a problem- and one can see this also in the italian sexploitation flick porno holocaust, similar to this in many respects- in not having balance to the sex and violence. too much sex and it will turn into a prototypical porno, and not even with much production quality in comparison with most professional porno movies! and with the killing scenes, there has to be at least a little tack, and maybe just a smidgen of ingenuity, in creating the creature/killer/whatever. entrails of a virgin has neither. it's safe to say it's a pretty soulless movie, even if isn't one of the very worst ever made- it's there just for horn-dog japanese fetishists to get off on girls in trouble and men who have all their brains in their 'other' heads.in this case, we're given a photo team where the guys are taking some shots of some girls, nothing too salacious, and then by way of a dense fog they stay off at some house one night and are picked off one by one by "a murderer" as he's credited. first off, the director kazuo 'gaira' komizu decides he has to put in a quota of random sex scenes early on- we get spliced in (or phoned in, take your pick) clips of one of the photographers having sex with one or more of the girls elsewhere. it looks like it's from another movie. then once settled into the house, there's a 'wrestling' scene that's poorly choreographed and shot (yeah, we really need to see him 'all' there), and then on to the rape and killings. first the rape, by the photographers, who promise the girls some jobs for their time. then the murderer, who like d'amato's creature is simply covered in mud and given a stupid facial, and who for an unknown reason kills the men and/or rapes the women one by one.now, the latter of those, taken by themselves, should be considered the highlights of the movie. this is like saying, however, that the croûtons are the best part of a wretchedly tasting salad. an eye-gouging scene, a spike thrown like an olympic event (that scene, actually, is kind of cool), and finally the entrailing of the overly sex-crazed girl, whose inconsequential name i can't remember. even *this* becomes disappointing just by not being correct to the title! on top of this, the sex scenes, which become tedious through 'gaira' and his indulgence in long-takes-without-cutaways where everything by the japanese censors is blurred anyway, are dubbed over by the actors (you'd think that they seem to be enjoying themselves enough, hence the need to let them 'speak' for themselves). but the overall feeling from entrails of a virgin is that of a lumpy one, where it's just there to be gawked at and without a shred of suspense or true horror (watch as the last girl left alive, the virgin of the picture, tries to stop the murderer from getting to her, which lasts five minutes as she keeps throwing sticks at him!) you just want it to be done with, for the 'i hate women' mantra to ease up or be rid altogether.

given the title and outlandish box art, i was ready for just about anything. perhaps my expectation were forced just a bit to high, because i was left a little dry.a film crew working on a soft-core sex movie end up at a strange house when they get lost in the fog and decide the best way to spend the evening is to have sex. where hasn't this set up been used before? the difference here is the uber-perverse nature of the sex. not allowed to show all the goods (groin shots were illegal in japan for a long time, what is shown is fogged out) the movie tries as hard as it can to show the viewer just how unnatural sex can be.amidst all the kinky goings on, a mud monster (whose origin i can't fathom) shows up and begins murdering the men and raping the women...then murdering them too. some of the sights are a bit much, most notably a woman having her intestines pulled out through her vagina or another woman spitting out a mouthful of...stuff, but otherwise the gore is pretty standard fare.ultimately the film is pulled down by it's own designs; it's too over-sexed to be a strait horror picture and too gruesome to work as a sex flick. the mediums can work, but there need to be a balance.4/10

ok, well i rented this movie while i was bed ridden hopped up on pain killers, and let me say, it didn't help the film any.the film is about a man who buys a car as he is going through a midlife crisis, he loves the car more than anything around him, one day his wife decides to borrow the car. since i don't want to spoil (not that there was anything to spoil) i shall let your imagination figure out the "zany" (and i use that word lightly) antics that follow.i had to fight to stay awake through this snore a minute sleeper of a film, and i would like to say that if you are venturing to the movie store and are thinking about being adventurous, please don't, it's a waste of the film it was printed on.then again i could be wrong...

plot: an amorous couple decide to engage in some extra-marital hijinks in a flashy car. they then become stuck (literally) in a compromising position, while said car wanders aimlessly about the countryside until the hapless couple are rescued by the authorities.that's it. that's the entire movie. there may have been some dialogue here and there, but nothing comes to mind. it should be obvious by now that this movie is not just pointless, but actually physically painful to watch. the fact that it starred two of the uks best up-and-coming actors (one of whom is now sadly deceased) only adds to the horror.ian charleson was outstanding in the very much deserved oscar-winning 'chariots of fire'. let's remember him for that role, and try hard to pretend that this particular celluloidal abomination never happened.

cut to the chase, this is one of the five worst films that i've ever seen.not that they didn't try. there was some decent writing with some elements of structure in there, a good cast, some good acting. i'm not sure where it went wrong, but it went horribly wrong.some of the elements may have been bad structure and no substantive story, a lot of overacting by the lead (who probably is much better when restrained), some bad directing and editing. i had enough at about an hour, tearing my hair out at about a hour and a half and very agitated at the hour and fifty minutes it ran. there was also an insincerity about it all, being that i went with someone who used to be a heroin addict. he was agitated that it glamorized something that had nothing good to it. that was bolstered by the pretty 17 year-old girl who was in love with the 30 year-old junkie.and the frantic nature of the lead was a turn-off enough. there were clunky plot points that were an attempt at a structure, but the end result was listless and unending (with uneven time lines). the characters were colorful but to no end, which made me feel bad for the quality actors who you've just not seen enough.skip it. i assumed that this was a first-time director who was enamored by his own turds, but he has done this before. i'm puzzled how this and many other really bad ideas find someone who will actually give them money.

the fifth "black emanuelle" i've watched has, potentially, the most intriguing plot line dealing as it does with the intrepid female reporter investigating the white slavery/prostitution racket which takes her from san francisco to rome to macao and back to her own hometown, new york! the film is peopled with past veterans of the series which, inexplicably, play completely different roles, namely ivan rassimov (appearing here as a head of a united nations committee for third world countries!), karin shubert (as a feminist rival reporter) and don powell (as rassimov's chauffeur).unfortunately, as usual with this type of film (despite their being shown in the dead of night), it is heavily edited and a particularly graphic scene (described in "stracultr) in which an asian slave trader gets his comeuppance by being sodomized by a dog is nowhere to be seen here!! still, a harrowing sequence late in the film when a sleazy politician tricks a couple of girls (including, naturally, gemser and shubert) into a midnight rendezvous under a new york bridge with a group of bums (this is the way he gets their votes, get it!) - with his high society pals giddily looking on - seems pretty much intact.the most ridiculous element of this entry - apart from gemser's penchant to disrobe completely every time she enters a house (even in front of perfect strangers) - is her excursion to india to interview a charlatan/guru (george eastman made up to look considerably christ-like!) who has found a way to prolong coitus indefinitely; of course, when emanuelle calls him up on it, he ends up having premature ejaculation...!!

worst bob hope comedy ever(and that includes some heavy competition). hope, on an island with sailors, dreams aloud of being in a bathtub with a geisha girl "steering his ship". somebody certainly steered this hope-hackery over the cliff, as it features phyllis diller and gina lollobrigida and still can't work up any laughs or excitement. where's bing crosby when you really need him?

the fact that someone actually spent money on such a bad script, is beyond me. this really must be one of the worst films, in addition to "haunted highway" i have ever seen. bad actors, and a really bad story. there's no normal reactions to any event in this film, and even though it's halloween , normal people would have bigger reactions when they're witnessing their father being killed, not to mention gutted, people with tape covering their airways, not being able to breathe (in a room with at least 50 people i might add) and some person dressed up as satan dragging dead people out of his house, even an 8 year old would see the difference between a doll and a person. not to mention the fact that no one could possibly be that naive and dumb to believe the reality of satan and jesus' appearances on the same day, like this kid does. when i was 8, i sure had more brains than that. but, the really stupid thing is that everyone else seems to be falling for this mute satan look-alike as well, no questions asked. the question throughout the film is, is it really satan, or is it some crazy person killing people off whenever he feels like it? well, he's got human hands, arms, built and whatever, so i guess he's supposed to be in the movie as well, otherwise they did a lousy job concealing it. then, with this person being human and all, he was able to kill an old lady, a man and his mistress, 5 (!!???) cops (all with guns and training i presume), and a few other people.....and obviously everyone was just standing there waiting for him, or what?the whole concept and way of telling the story is absolutely the worst thing i've seen, and i would never recommend anyone to waste 1 hour and 30 minutes of their lives to watch this total crap.

satan's little helper is one of the better b horror movies i have seen. when i say better i mean the story. the film hatches a new plot, something that's not so cliché in the horror genre - something fresh. but there are also some ridiculous questions that come along with it. questions you will be asking yourself throughout the movie.the film first caught my attention while i was cruising the horror section in hmv. i was tired of all the so called "terrifiying" hollywood blockbusters and wanted something different. the cover art for satan's little helper immediately caught my attention. as you can see, the image draws you in - it's chilling! i knew it was a straight to dvd release - but i took a chance. i mean, i just seen "boogey man" the night before - so it couldn't get any worse! after i watched the movie, i was semi-satisfied. i loved the plot of the movie. it was really creepy how the killer was pretending to be the little boys friend, so he could kill. in some sick deranged way, he actually thought he and the little boy would become partners - a duo of terror. it was a great idea to set the film on halloween night. this way, no one would think anything of a masked man beside a little kid. they would simply think he was his guardian. but, this is also where the "plot holes" begin to surface.if your son came home with a "friend" he met trick or treating - that's fine. you wouldn't think anything of it - if he was 9!, or round about the same age as him. if however, he appeared with a strange man in a mask, you would be startled and protective of your child. you would ask the man to remove his mask and identify himself. you would ask why he is with your son. he doesn't know him. you would tell him to please leave. he isn't a family friend. he's a stranger. now, we're supposed to teach our child not to talk to strangers. in this case, the mum is completely fine with it. huh? they never seem to think it's a tad odd that the "man" doesn't speak - at all. gruanted they think it's the daughters boyfriend, but after 10 minutes of not talking you would pull the mask off and ask him why he's not saying a word.the film goes down hill from there. the thing that got me the most was, all the mum said was "do you want some cider?". i can't count how many times she says this in the movie. it's like, oh you're dying - we have cider though, it's all good!! the movie started promising, and failed to deliver. it was more of a horror/comedy, and even as that it fails to deliver. i guess you could call it a "dud","flop" etc..the best thing about the movie is the cover art. though, something tells me that's not worth the 12 dollars!

with a title like this, you know not to expect a great horror movie. but this was really bad, even with low expectations. the plot is really insulting and stupid: an escaped criminal wears a halloween mask, so everyone around him thinks he's someone else. this joke might actually work for 5 or 10 minutes, but not during the entire movie ! the actors are not that bad, but their characters are rather dumb and the story is boring and downright stupid. no suspense, no excitement and little gore (very cheap). satan's little helper tries to combine horror (...) with comedy and fails dramatically at that. it became so boring towards the end, that i actually stopped watching 10 minutes before the end. i couldn't care whatever happened. amanda plummer was great in pulp fiction, but come on.. that was 13 years ago, and she hasn't done anything decent after that. so no wonder that she had to sink as low as this piece of crap.. avoid or be warned..

i'm going to say first off that i have given this film a 3 out of 10 after some thought. i was going to give it a straight out 1 but it got a couple extra points for the body count. but that would be about it. let me explain. i paid literally £1 for this dvd in a supermarket because i tend to have a lot of faith in bargain horror flicks, b-movies especially. but if this film was aiming for b status as i suspect it was for a number of reasons (which i'll touch on in a sec) then it failed magnificently. not only did it shoot for b and miss, it landed somewhere around f. this film had so many opportunities to be good and it pretty much failed on all accounts. i say above that it's likely this film was aiming for b status and it seems to try and achieve this by trying to blend humour with horror, which can either be very good or very bad. for example, later freddy films (dream warriors onwards) are all about freddy's style and nose-thumbing, which works out great! but this film completely bombed in that respect because the times where they tried to inject humour were mostly just stupid. i will admit though that towards the beginning of the film the humour was good. in fact, for about half an hour i liked this film and was prepared to congratulate myself on another good find. but what really killed this film for me was the inappropriate kills. for instance, when 'satan' smashes the cat against the board and writes 'boo' with it's blood using its body as a brush. or when 'satan' slams the door into the helpless disabled elderly woman. now i'm not usually too against senseless kills in films-hey, thats the point, right? but in those two cases i just found it grossly offensive and unnecessary to anything in the film-plot especially. for me, the film went downwards from then on. one major bad point about this film is that i hated every character in it. the kid, dougie was just ridiculously annoying!!! i'm at a loss to explain how he could possibly write off all those bodies and people being killed in front of his eyes as a trick! i mean, come on!!! i completely understand that to be in a horror film a character does have to be somewhat stupid, like running upstairs when you should blatantly be running out of the house screaming for help, but this kid took the biscuit! i wanted to kill him myself by the end of it! it was completely unbelievable and if i had to hear him say 'duh!' one more time i was going to bang my head against a wall-because thats what watching this film felt like. why didn't i just turn the film off? mainly because i honestly believe an ending can sometimes redeem a film. but i was wrong in this case. the ending did not redeem this film, it further irritated the hell out of me and was inadequate to the plot line. i get it already! the killer is always going to come back dressed as someone else, be welcomed into the house by the stupid kid and go on a killing spree again because no one suspects him in that costume! i get it! this film made me physically angry because it was so stupid! and if by some foul mistake you do end up watching this film, watch out for the intestines. frankly, if that guy actually did have intestines that looked like that, i'd be surprised he wasn't already dead, let alone until someones rips them out and ties them to a chair.in fact, i'll even go so far as to say that the only character i liked at all in this film was actually the killer. purely because when his 'comedy routine' worked, it did work. all in all, the plot line of this film dragged anything that might have been good down. why was the killer killing? i don't know. i can live without knowing who he actually was, thats fairly typical, but without some kind of motive - hell i don't know, i'd settle for him having a bad halloween as a kid! -it just seems more than senseless, just stupid. stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid. in fact, i hated this film so much that i specifically registered with imdb just so i could comment on it. save your money, save your sanity. stay away from it!

oh man, i know what your thinking: "with a title like that, i can't go wrong!" uh yes you can. i too, loved the title, but man i hated the stupid kid that played "satan's little helper" i hated the mom too, and the sister/daughter, and her boyfriend - i hated all those people! man, it was agony watching this sometimes! the only reason this doesn't get 1/10 is becuz condsidering the low budget, they did ok. but oh man did i hate those actors, so stupid! i knew it was going to be bad, i guess they saved a lot of money on just using halloween masks for the killer, and the jesus costume at the end was really stupid too. oh the agony, do not watch!

if you like occasional nudity with junior high school level slap stick comedy, then look no further.starting at about the halfway point, the beautiful and erotic arielle dombasle starts disrobing at every opportunity. that is the only thing that made this movie worth watching.the story is both lame and preposterous, the humor is corny, and character development is basically non-existent.

"everything a great documentary could be"?? yeah, if one is deaf, dumb, and blind. everything but meaning, wit, visual style, and interesting subject matter. aside from that. . .seriously, volken. this is a movie that is completely inauthentic. an adventure doc with no adventure, a war doc with no feeling for war, a campy send-up with no trace of wit. it means nothing, feels like nothing, and carries the implicit message that absolutely nothing matters. no wonder it has so many imdb fans! of course, going in you know a movie starring the great skip lipman will have no culture, no intelligence, no wit (other than a corrosive adolescent jokiness), and no recognizable human emotion  just adrenaline. "darkon" isn't a movie -- it's a panic attack! avoid. there too many real documentaries and too little time in life to waste it on toilet build-up such as "darkon".

the subject is certainly compelling: a group of people take their love of gaming one step further by creating a fake medieval world full of warriors, kings, princes and castles. wargaming is an interesting phenomena that delves into our collective need to "escape" from reality and the sometimes mundaneness of our existence -- something almost everyone can relate to. the characters are the predictable mix of lord of the rings nerds and star trek enthusiasts. that's enough to get most people to watch. however, very quickly the film turns into an insider's view of wargaming with an almost stereotypical thumbing of the nose to viewers who "don't get it". the filmmakers seem to take the subject of wargaming, and this particular one, waaaaay too seriously rather than once in awhile recognizing the humor and fun in making a film about adults drssing up in medieval gear and pounding each other with foam swords. it's pretty hard for anyone who doesn't sit on their computer for 7-10 hours a day playing games or desiging the latest star destroyer to understand what the characters are talking about and why we should even care. however, the filmmakers themselves seem not to care choosing to focus solely on the subject of the game itself rather than building a strong narrative with a clear story that anyone can understand. moreover, the characters themselves are not that compelling and you quickly become bored of them: a big no-no when you're trying to keep people's attention for 90 minutes.

this one is a real bomb. we are supposed to believe that merle oberon is the sequestered daughter of an ambitious politician who must prove to the tom delay of the 1930s that he is worth supporting as a presidential candidate. poor merle can't go anywhere, but is surrounded by politicians and their quacking, quaking wives and supported only by kindly uncle harry davenport. she joins her two maids on a blind date and gary cooper happens to show up. some shots of rodeo might have enlivened things, a la "misfits," but no such luck with this one. gary later breaks in to a formal dinner, at which merle is presiding, and, though invited to sit down and join the group, reads them a lecture on their snobbery. where did this diffident cowboy's sudden eloquence come from? the most excruciating scene in the film is a phantom party that gary holds in his unfinished house for his absent wife, merle. will it never end? one to avoid.

another of many nearly forgotten movies cranked out by poverty row in the 1930's, resurrected by the magic of dvd.starring stock universal player lionel atwill (often a supporting actor in numerous frankenstein movies) as a pair of twins involved in a murder racket. one kills the victims (stockbrokers involved in a scam) and asks witnesses for the exact time, while the other is deaf and is proved "innocent" because he could not have spoken to witnesses.of course, where it falls apart is if it was a congenital deafness, wouldn't they both be deaf? oh, well.atwill does a pretty good job here, faking being deaf and mute. unfortunately, no one else here can really act worth a darn.

uh oh! another gay film. this time it's showing the black side. bet your last dollar it's gonna have an unhappy ending! but why? with only less than a half dozen exceptions, all gay films have to end in death or an "addio" finale. it's like all the european film noir releases in the 40's, 50's, 60's, and 70's. the lead...male or female must die or ride off alone into oblivion. why in god's name must writers, directors, and producers have the audience leave the theatre feeling depressed? after all, it's supposed to be gay...not glum. maybe the category should be changed to a 'glum' film. a large percentage of gay relationships do last and the couples do ride off together into the sunset! no matter who writes or produces, he only shows the down side of gay life and gives the incorrect impression of gay lifestyle. this movie just proves my point. if you rent the dvd, take an antidepressant, for here comes another 'gay' film! this is wrong!

a film about the harlem renaissance and one author in particular. it contrasts it with a modern day story about a young, gay, black artist.if that sounds vague it's because the movie itself is. it's well-directed, fairly well-written and (for the most part) well-acted. also the scenes in the past are shot in moody black & white. also this is one of the few film dealing with gay men that does not shy away from sex scenes (not that explicit and no frontal). still, i mostly hated this.the film meanders all over the place, is full of unlikable characters (including the main protagonist) and (this is the killer) moves at a snails pace. three times i considered leaving the theatre because i was so utterly bored. but the director was there so i stayed. his talk afterwords shows this was a labor of love and took 6 years to complete. i really wish i could like this more (there are very few films dealing honestly with gay blacks) but i can't. unless you're very interested in the harlem renaissance there's no reason to see this.

i watched this movie just a little while ago and i found that this movie was terrible! it moved very slowly and was hardly entertaining!sorry for all those that liked it.... this is only my opinion!

final score...who cares - it's a reality show. it has no love for it's audience, it panders to lazy tv viewers, puts nothing in and gets nothing out."joe millionaire", the most blatantly phony reality show of them all, is a television disaster of epic proportions. it's a watershed, rock bottom moment, not only for fox, but for the american viewing public who actually watch, like and talked about this crap the next day. you people ought to be ashamed of yourselves. because as much as fox promotes this junk it won't make any money unless it's watch by people (and boy was it, the finale got nearly super bowl numbers!?). it doesn't bother you people that there are many quality shows written, directed, acted and generally have effort put into them that are being cancelled while you sit back and lap up this effortless, cold game show?i used to be a staunch supporter of fox. it's those of us like me who like and seek out quality tv that helped build fox back in the days of married...with children and the simpsons. conveniently enough, now neither of those shows would make it 6 weeks with the current management. the gail berman "reign of terror" as it's often called. the network has waged war on scripted tv and, strangely enough, it's fans. the very people who helped build them in the beginning. now, not only do we have to fight for good shows, but we have to fight against their own network. it boggles the mind. nothing fox, has done in the past 3 years makes any sense. from canceling hits like "titus", "futurama" and "john doe" (nbc can renew "boomtown", but fox can't lift it's pitiful head to give the only decent show they had this season another shot?). and the reason they can do all this: the success of junk like "joe millionaire". they can now say "we don't need you tv fans, we have reality shows". they apparently seem to have no idea that the big audience the draw with this junk is fickle and will abandon them the second the next fad comes along. to alienate their base like this will eventually kill the network the way it has set back abc.the show itself is a joke. here we have a premise, in the now classic fox gimmick, that promises us something different and edgy, but then delivers something not in any way different from "the bachelor" or anything on the big 3. fox has gone mainstream. the finale and "twist" (quote/unquote) showed they have no ideas up their sleeve. now we know that all these shows, no matter how different they look, will all end up the same cornball, fairy tale ending. we got to see a bunch of lame aspiring actors that the network picked out of millions of head-shots to fit their demographics parade around like high school bimbos pretending they liked this evan marriott because...well because it was a competition and that's what you're supposed to do. marriott himself is like a hideously disfigured chro-magnum man who struggles to put together the simplest sentences. but, how can the women (all average to ugly looking by the way - an important minus is a guilty pleasure show like this) not fall for "joe" with such charming lines like "look, you're not stupid".i used to think that people who watched these reality/dating/game shows were just to lazy to change the channel, but after "joe millionaire" i think they must be genuinely mentally deficient. come on people, have a little more pride in yourselves. demand a little bit more from your entertainment then this.boycott fox.

you loose 100 iq points just for tuning in. this show has to be awful, i refuse to tune in from just what i've seen in commercials. where did they dig this guy up at anyway? also, what do they intend to do next season? the secret is out. everyone already knows the set up? are they going to look for people who has been living under a rock to star in next season? where are they going to dig up more stupid women? no wonder america is a big joke to outsider's,look what you are watching!!

what a piece of stupid tripe.i won't even waste time evaluating any of the points of this show. it's not worth the time. the one comment i will make is - why get such a dumb, inarticulate doofus to be the star?!?there aren't many more dismal testimonials to the deteriorating mental condition of the networks than the fact that fox has stated it will not bring back john doe (a decent series) but will bring back brain-dead drivel like joe millionaire for yet another round of killing the brain cells of the american public.fox has lost it, imho.

thanks to a dull, dimensionless screenplay by neil simon, and lackluster direction from robert moore, chapter two becomes a shrill showcase for marsha mason who received her third of four oscar nods for chapter two giving the same performance here that she gave in cinnderella liberty(73), the goodbye girl(77), audrey rose(78) and only when i laugh(81);only this time she doesn't have a child to drag around. chapter two is the third and last feature film for moore having previously directed neil simon's the cheap detective(78) and murder by death(76). caan is miscast, the characters are mono-dimensional, the dialog is overly analytical, and there's virtually no establishing detail. the first half is a less-than-captivating, meet cute, coy romance between a blinkered caan and a chipper mason, and the dreary second half makes you long for the first half. the nyc locations as well as joe bologna, and a painfully thin valerie harper are irrelevant, but at least they provide some welcome distraction. and last and least, there's an awful song played during the credits.

this agonizing comedy-drama got surprisingly sterling reviews upon its release in 1979. i remember opening the movie-section of the l.a. times and looking at a 2-page advertisement for "chapter two" filled with glowing captions like: "better than 'the goodbye girl'!" and "neil simon does it again!" what does neil simon do? he takes an autobiographical situation (remarrying too soon after the death of a beloved spouse) and makes it rusty, unpleasant and--worst of all--unfunny. james caan plays neil--er..that is, george--a writer who can't seem to get back into life after losing his wife; enter spirited marsha mason (real-life mrs. simon...soon to be ex-mrs. simon) who attempts to love george despite his moods and general melancholy. mason is very appealing here and might've saved the day were it not for caan's indifference (not to mention a sub-plot concerning painfully-thin, blonde valerie harper which brings the proceedings to a screeching halt). i liked mason's outburst at the end ("i am wonderful! i am nuts about me!"), but i saw no happy ending for these two people...and time proved me right. ** from ****

tatie danielle is all about a ghastly old hag who torments her loving and oblivious family out of sheer spite. there's a bit of subtext that might be about france's colonial past but it's mostly just danielle doing the sorts of things (like deliberately abandoning a small child in a park) that would soon have a man picking up his teeth with broken fingers. sadly, that doesn't happen here. it looks good and the acting is fine and there's nothing really wrong with the concept but it's just so smug. god, does this movie love itself. pity it isn't nearly as clever or as funny as it thinks it is. the only impetus in the show - sorry, movie - comes from danielle getting nastier and nastier, and the only surprise comes from watching the increasingly improbable ways she does this. that's right: just like in a sitcom, which is what this is, with the added 'bonus' of delusions of grandeur and a 110-minute running time.

adrianne, should really get a life-without mr. "brady". she nauseates me, and has been one of the main reasons why i know longer tune in to the show. it's pretty brainless show, and every little argument or disagreement seems to be put under the scope and analyzed to death. this makes them look/sound they are anything but ready for marriage, and yet, i know these disagreements are all part of life. i guess to some people this is entertainment. if this happens to fall into next season i will feel sorry for anyone who has nothing better to do with their life but watch this trash. though i would not be terribly surprised. can't even stand the commercials for this show anymore! i hope they're getting enough money to constantly embarrass themselves in front of a camera week after week. however, the "a" girl has one heck of great butt!

i do not watch much television and came across this show. reality show? i sure hope this is not for real. if i was a man and had such a nag and was married to someone so snotty, it would be grounds for divorce. i think she sets a bad example of how a person should treat a person they love. that is one thing that is wrong with our world now, so many people in bad relationships, selfish and do not know the meaning of what it is to truly love another. it is self sacrificing and not something that should be on merritt. that does not give one a very good feeling, to watch what should be in private counseling. if his personality on the show is for real, then he deserves someone much better that would show real true love and care for him and appreciate him for who he is. is this show a reality or made up for ratings???? i really would like to know. sincerely, gb

i loved adrianne curry before this show. i thought she was great on top model and was really glad when she won. i also liked chris knight, he seems like a great guy. but this show just made me sick! i'm so angry at both of them for what happened on that show. i don't care that they were different ages, i know age can't stand between love. but adrianne, you had been together for only seven months. it didn't surprise me at all that he hadn't proposed. and i don't see the appeal of forcing someone to marry you before they're ready. if it's meant to be, then why not just enjoy each other's company and love each other, and let it come naturally? turning a wedding ring into a ball and chain was completely unnecessary, it's stupidly obvious that chris loves you, with or without a ring. and chris, shame on you for breaking down and proposing to her anyway! you've been through two failed marriages, how could you rush into another one just because she pitched a fit? i hope the relationship lasts, but i really feel that the marriage was rushed and for all the wrong reasons. maybe now they can take a breath and find the right reasons to be married from within the marriage.

i don't know what it is with these brady kids. first, barry williams publicly brags about having sexy with his tv sister, maureen mccormick, then about dating his tv mom, florence hederson. then, susan (cindy) olsen does music for a bunch of porno movies. then mike (bobby) lookinland gets in trouble for drunk driving. finally, maureen (marcia) mccormick and eve (jan) plum might have had a little same-sex fling on the side. now, christopher (peter) knight is pursued by a beautiful young model in her early-20s during his stint on "the surreal life", which at first was fun to watch, and now they are married and in a very volatile and hostile relationship. the last episode, where she posed for a bunch of nude photographs with another naked girl for a scrapbook to give to christopher for his birthday, was not a good move on her part. and he dealt with it in a very mature fashion, just picking up and leaving to clear his head. i think he was always bowing to her every need and now he's finally taking a stand. and i hate to say it, but i think she abuses him, verbally. the way she was torturing him for an engagement ring and the way she reams him for every little thing. also she talks openly about having flings with other women and it is obvious she still sleeps around on him with women and men, which is not something any self-respecting human being should do when already married to someone. if this were a man talking down to his wife like that, and going out every night partying and having sex with other people, everyone would be rallying behind the wife to leave him. why should this be any different. what started out as a cute little crush on another reality show blossomed into a huge disaster. adrianne, as beautiful as she is, is like another britney spears and lindsay lohan, clearly in need of some therapy because she cries like a baby over so many silly things. i feel sorry for her, but chris needs to rid himself of her, because he is a good man who cannot afford to be humiliated like this.

"ambushed" is no ordinary action flick. it's much to bad to be ordinary. one man walks toward another with a machine gun blazing. the other man fires one round and fells the man with the greater fire power without so much as a nick from the hail of lead raining down on him. guess which one is the good guy. duh. such is "ambushed" through and through. not a good action flick, not a good drama, not a good movie, "ambushed" fails on all levels with it's cast of b-movie veterans mechanically going through the motions almost as though they know they're making a real loser. not recommended for anyone.

ok, i've seen plenty of movies dealing with witches and the occult but this one was just plain weird. this movie starts out as this cult of witches led by a really bad orson wells playing the staring role (couldn't they have gotten somebody that looked and acted more like a satanist) he just did not belong in this movie at all. but anyhow, the coven takes a new member and stabs a doll that resembles somebody and makes her have a miscarrage. the lady that had the miscarrage and her husband go off to a place called lillith on busness and the lady meanwhile is seeing an image of her sister or whoever it is calling to her and warning her to stay away from there and to never use her powers there or she will die. the couple after they get settled down in the strange town discover that all the inhabitants are all witches and she becomes nosey and afraid of all of her neighbors and friends. then strange things start to happen as the lady discovers a funeral taking place on a hill that suddenly disapears (that was creepy) as well as seeing the little boy belonging to orson wells at the playgroud that he later asks the lady to help him bring back to life. the lady soon tries to escape the town but only to find herself traped by it's inhabitants and powers and finds herself ignoring all of what the spirit tries to warn her about. this movie is ok, it's has it's moments of suspense but it really could have done much better than to have orson in there.

when a film has no fewer than five different titles, it usually means several things and almost always means that the film has major flaws somewhere. necromancy has major flaws and is just out and out bad. i saw the version on video called rosemary's disciples. yes, i am sure it differs from other versions, but i am not inclined to think that in any way is any other version and the few more minutes it might have - going to be really any better. the story is perhaps the biggest problem: the film opens with laurie waking up and her husband taking her to a town where he has a new job at a toy factory for occultists(yep, it gets bad this early!). the town is called lillith and has some guy with a rifle on the bridge to make sure only those selected by the "owner" of the town are allowed in. soon we find that everyone living in lillith is a witch and all follow the directives of mr. cato - the head of this municipal coven who wants his dead son back(hence the name necromancy). the people in the town do witch kind of stuff - have ceremonies, some like wearing a goat's head, and promiscuity abounds(not much really shown in this area), but none of these people are very good actors. mr. cato is played robustly by the figuratively and literally larger-than-life movie maverick orson welles. welles is misused, but, make no mistake, he is the best thing in this movie. and that is really the saddest part of necromancy as welles gives a pretty poor and pedestrian performance with little directorial guidance. in one scene at a party, director bert i gordon keeps going back to welles watching the action of the party using the exact same frames! it looked ridiculous. as did the scene that was repeatedly seen over and over again of a woman's arm centered in swirling flames after a car crash. it looked like the arm of a shop mannequin. the story is never fully utilized as we never really know what happens: many scenes are shot like dreams or hallucinations and never confirmed. this also applies to the corny, hokey ending. the lead pamela franklin is pert and pretty and has some talent. other than her performance, real slim pickings from the rest of the cast sans welles. the direction and story were both done by gordon who obviously had little gas left in the engine. this is not a good movie in any way under any name.

for starters and for the record, the term "necromancy" describes the black magic art of bringing the dead back to life and it does not, in any way, relate to having sex with cadavers. that is called necrophilia and, yes, i know it's an obvious difference but i'm already getting a lot of remarks from acquaintances and relatives that i sport a perverted taste in movies! this movie is quite the opposite of perverted or sleazy, in fact, and merely just qualifies as boring, inept and terribly bad. "necromancy" makes at least one top five ranking, namely in the list of most incoherent movies ever made! now, director bert i. gordon is not exactly famous for delivering masterpieces (on his repertoire there are titles like "earth vs. the spider", "king dinosaur" and "food of the gods") but he really surpassed himself here with a totally senseless, redundant and utterly nonsensical tale about witchcraft and secretive little towns. shortly after the tragic experience of seeing their baby being born dead, lori and her husband frank move to the quiet little town of lillith, where frank suddenly got offered a prominent job in a toy factory. lori is suspicious and senses an atmosphere of morbidity, especially with the town's patriarch and "owner" mr. cato behaving very obtrusive and mysterious. that's another thing. how can anybody "own" a town and everybody in it? either way, lori gradually discovers that everybody in lillith is a witch and mr. cato exclusively lured her to the town because of her supernatural ability to resurrect the dead. since many years already, cato has been trying to bring his deceased son back to life and he's prepared to make any human sacrifice it takes. i honestly don't see the point of the whole movie. it's a blatant rip-off of "rosemary's baby"  one of the alternate titles even is "rosemary's disciples"  but the script is muddled and imbecilic beyond belief. why isn't anyone allowed to have children for as long as cato's son remains dead? that's just really selfish! when, where and how did lori suddenly learn to resurrect the dead? "necromancy" definitely contains a few genuinely uncanny and atmospheric moments, but these are unwarily accomplished either by complete coincidence or through a total lack of budget. the grainy photography provides the film with an eerie ambiance and the set pieces look cheap enough to be creepy. orson welles' performance  undoubtedly the low point of his career  is pitiable, and still it's the best aspect about the entire movie.

i watched the canadian videotape of this movie as "the witching" which somehow made its way to new york state. audio was quite bad, i had to raise it to about 7/8 just to hear it and the soundtrack often was overwhelming the dialog. orson welles was a mumbler, worse than usual, and some of his dialog and of others was run through an echo chamber. a ghostly figure who keeps reappearing had her voice distorted. some closed captions would really have helped!a group of witches or satanists (the end credits say the group was not meant to represent any real group!) have a ritual in which they get naked and cause a miscarriage by stabbing a doll. the woman who had the miscarriage and her husband move to a town named "lilith," where he's been offered a job at a toy factory. despite one of the akas of this movie apparently being "the toy factory," we never see it, and it's only occasionally referred to at all.on the way to lilith, her husband gets impatient with some of her questions about what his new boss mr. cato wanted to know about their religious persuasion. he drives aggressively, and causes another car to go off the road and blow up. after the police arrive, she takes a doll that fell out of the car, the second of many handmade dolls in the movie.it turns out mr. cato and all the townspeople are witches, and that they are the ones who caused her miscarriage, though she doesn't realize it. they want her because she has an innate talent for necromancy, of which she was not really aware.some images in the movie have some impact, but on the whole the movie is not very involving. the movie does seem a bit of a mess, and this is no doubt largely due to its re- editing and the addition of new footage. the original version, according to the end credits, was called necromancy - a life for a life. the magic of dvd could let us see both versions on one disc, but re-releasing this movie probably isn't a priority.

i figured that any horror film with orson welles in it would be weird. necromancy sure was but it was a little too weird for it's own good. the film does indeed have a creepy feel as it deals with a coven of satanists/witches in a small town and a young woman's attempt to escape them. the director though seems to be deliberately trying to confuse the audience by using flashbacks and dream sequences. by the finale, there are too many unanswered questions. what's worse, as the story is so confusing, it's pretty hard to root for any of the characters. it seems odd that welles would agree to headline this film especially since he doesn't have that much to do. maybe someday they will put out a tape of the outtakes and bloopers from this movie. now that would really be fun!

i've given up trying to figure out what version of this i'm watching. the copyright at the end indicates 1983. and though this is not the important bit of my objection to this film, i will say that watching a film obviously made in the aquarian age (including long haired hippie chicks and odious station wagons) but with a 1980s synth soundtrack is unsettling. extremely unsettling.my main objection here is how dare the filmmakers bury cute-as-a-button pamela franklin alive. how dare they.seriously she's all like adorable and stuff but in the two movies i've seen her in - this crapfest and the otherwise excellent legend of hell house - they kill her off.i would like to put the film industry on notice. pamela franklin has apparently retired from the business but if she ever decides to do another film and some blasted cur of a director attempts to kill her off i shall ask him to step outside.no one beats up on pamela franklin and gets away with it. i am quite cross. the fury has been unleashed.for b-movie fans seeking out a crapfest, you could do much worse than this. on the plus side, this is not a film which involves satanism in a peripheral and circumspect way - this movie is a hardcore satanic film.wall-to-wall satanic ceremonies, baphomets, hallucinations, a ludicrous rat attack - what else could you ask for.this excellent stuff is quite nearly ruined by the baffling grafted-on 1980s synth soundtrack, which is about as mismatched to a film as it is possible to be. the soundtrack reminded me of something you'd hear on the equalizer. it's really bad.also, they made pamela franklin squash her charming english accent, which was also quite rude, if not a cruel atrocity (against the viewer) such as you might find covered by the universal declaration of human rights. i say that we have a right to hear pamela franklin speak in her own voice. who's with me? i could forgive everything else about this film if they didn't abuse pamela franklin. and so i throw the gauntlet down, sirs -- anyone who messes with pamela franklin messes with me.even in a fictional context.good day, sirs.

the only previous gordon film i had watched was the kiddie adventure the magic sword (1962), though i followed this soon after with empire of the ants (1977); he seems to be best remembered, however, for his sci-fi work of the 1950s.anyway, i happened upon this one in a dvd rental shop: hadn't i noticed orson welles' unmistakable figure on the sleeve, i probably wouldn't even have bothered with it – since i know the film under its original title, necromancy! i'd seen a still from it on an old horror tome of my father's: the actor's presence in a film about diabolism seemed like a great idea which couldn't possibly miss, but the end result – particularly in this bastardized edition – is a disaster! i honestly felt sorry for welles who looks bored and, rather than in his deep and commanding voice, he mutters the inane demonic invocations almost in whispers!! the plot is, basically, yet another retread of rosemary's baby (1968): a couple is invited to a remote community under false pretenses and soon discover themselves to be surrounded by diabolists. the girl, played by pamela franklin, ostensibly has supernatural powers (passed on from her mother, who appears intermittently throughout to warn her – though, as delivered in an intense manner through clenched teeth, the latter's speeches end up being largely incoherent and the fount of immense hilarity every time she appears!) and is expected to revive welles' deceased young son from the dead!! for what it's worth, franklin – a genre regular, right down from her debut performance in the innocents (1961) – isn't bad in her role (which requires some nudity and experiences several semi-eerie hallucinations during the course of the film); hubby michael ontkean, however, isn't up to the challenge of his john cassavetes-like character. some of the other girls look good as well – notably lee purcell, whose belated decision to help franklin in escaping from town eventually proves her undoing.events come to a head in an incredibly muddled climax, which sees the satanists ultimately turning on franklin and have her take the revived boy's place in the coffin (that's gratitude for you!). while the added scenes do stick out (the hilarious opening ceremony and other would-be erotic embellishments), the overall quality of the film would have still been poor without them; then again, this particular version is further sunk by the tacked-on electronic score – which is wholly inappropriate, and cheesy in the extreme!

like most comments i saw this film under the name of the witching which is the reissue title. apparently necromancy which is the original is better but i doubt it.most scenes of the witching still include most necromancy scenes and these are still bad. in many ways i think the added nudity of the witching at least added some entertainment value! but don't be fooled -there's only 3 scenes with nudity and it's of the people standing around variety. no diabolique rumpy pumpy involved!this movie is so inherently awful it's difficult to know what to criticise first. the dialogue is awful and straight out of the troma locker. at least troma is tongue in cheek though. this is straight-faced boredom personified. the acting is variable with pamela franklin (flora the possessed kid in the innocents would you believe!) the worst with her high-pitched screechy voice. welles seems merely waiting for his pay cheque. the other female lead has a creepy face so i don't know why pamela thought she could trust her in the film! and the doctor is pretty bad too. he also looks worringly like gene wilder.it is ineptly filmed with scenes changing for no reason and editing is choppy. this is because the witching is a copy and paste job and not a subtle one at that. only the lighting is ok. the sound is also dreadful and it's difficult to hear with the appalling new soundtrack which never shuts up. the 'ghost' mother is also equally rubbish but the actress is so hilariously bad at acting that at least it provides some unintentional laughs.really this film (the witching at least) is only for the unwary. it can't have many sane fans as it's pretty unwatchable and i actually found it mind-numbingly dull! the best bit was when the credits rolled - enough said so simply better to this poor excuse for a movie like the plague!

i imagine that the young people involved in the making of "necromancy" (aka "the witching" plus a bunch of other titles) must have felt a little weird being on the set of a horror movie with the man who: participated with john houseman in the production of a proletarian play ("the cradle will rock"); scared people into thinking that aliens were invading ("the war of the worlds"); and directed and starred in the greatest movie of all time ("citizen kane"). and now orson welles was starring in a third-rate flick about a satanic cult.there's basically nothing creative about this movie. lots of nudity, but the background music always proves really distracting. even if the movie wasn't particularly predictable, it still wasn't worth seeing. how low welles had sunk. fortunately, over the final thirteen years of his life, he narrated the documentary "bugs bunny superstar" (about the warner bros. cartoons of the 1940s) and hosted the documentary "the man who saw tomorrow" (about nostradamus). i recommend those two, but not this one. just avoid it.also starring pamela franklin and michael ontkean.

when you're making a thriller about witchcraft, i believe you should do everything you can to help the audience suspend its disbelief in order for the movie to work. some pictures ("rosemary's baby", for example) have accomplished this; others (like "necromancy") haven't and the potentially scary material comes across as corny and goofy. this film does have some atmospheric moments, but about half the dialogue is hard to make out (sometimes it's poorly recorded, at other times just incomprehensible) and orson welles, who gets top billing, has a role that is so beneath him that you have to assume he was desperate for the work. or maybe he was simply having fun.....(*1/2)

i was about 7 when this dire monstrosity of a film was released. in the uk it was advertised on the tv in the summer of 1977 for weeks, as if it were some incredible blockbuster film. it was actually the first film i ever saw at a cinema, and i was put off going for years to come. the following week i was invited to go and see the new film "star wars" and i declined. to this day i have never seen it, in protest at having to watch sasquatch! seriously, even at the age of 7 i could tell that i was watching garbage. it's just so bad, it's almost unbelievable. rambling nonsense that should never have made it to a cinema. i was however amused to read all these years later that the director never directed again, just as well as far as i'm concerned. avoid at all costs!!!

this is a typical low budget 1970's mess. it's supposed to be a docudrama about a crew hunting bigfoot through the pacific northwest. every character is a stereotype, from the native american to the cynical cowboy. the acting and narration are a complete joke. if you're hoping to see a lot of bigfoot footage - keep hoping. there won't be much, and what there is you could do in your backyard with a cheap costume and a camcorder; it would look better than this movie.it's not that i don't like 1970's low budge fare; i do. it's that this is such a mess of bad acting, bad characters, lousy story and no thrills that you just can't enjoy it. it does not fit into the "so bad it's good" category, nor can you get a laugh out of how bad it is without the help of illicit substances. it's mostly a lot of boring footage of the people camping, hiking, riding horses, and watching wild life. there is a bigfoot attack which is completely stupid; supposedly our friend sasquatch is throwing rocks down on the campers from above while they fire their rifles back at him. by that point you are rooting heavily for bigfoot to drops some rocks on the filmmaker's heads and stop the whole thing.

as a teenager, i was pretty into the whole bigfoot thing - i read the books and followed the reported sightings. as a more jaded adult, i've largely given up on the big guy now, but don't mind watching the odd movie when i come across one. this one had a few strong points to it - mainly, the recreations of two of the more famous bigfoot encounters - the ape canyon incident of 1924 and the bauman incident of c.1850 as related to and by teddy roosevelt, both of which i'm somewhat familiar with from that youthful reading i did. the movie takes for granted that both incidents involved a sasquatch, whereas both incidents have more plausible explanations, but the recreations were well done. there's also homage paid at the beginning of the movie to the famous patterson video, again taking for granted its authenticity. the sasquatch encounter at the end of the movie was also very well done and had a very creepy feel to it as the sasquatch were portrayed mainly in the shadows or as hairy feet running past the terrified men. unfortunately, in total those four things might have composed about 20 minutes, whereas the movie as a whole is slightly over an hour and a half.it's the fictional story (done in a documentary style) of an expedition to a remote area of northern british columbia, to the suspected home range of the sasquatch. a computer had targeted this area based on sightings and - in one of the more amusing scenes in the movie - the computer also used "eyewitness sightings" to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looked exactly like the "creature" of the patterson video! aside from those 20 minutes i mentioned, we basically watch this expedition travel, which means we get to watch a bunch of guys go on a long camping trip. i've been on camping trips with the guys. let me tell you - they've never been worthy of a movie. interspersed among the long stretches of boredom are some nice wildlife shots (although one suspects that canned footage was used, or perhaps even captive animals performing as wild animals) and there are some spectacular scenery shots, except that the scenery isn't of northern british columbia, it's from national parks in oregon.i did appreciate that we were never given a real picture of the sasquatch, so we didn't have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this. 3/10

fiction film (it lists as based on a story though it does have a "documented by" credit) about a group of scientists going into the wilds of canada to try and find a bigfoot.(they want to capture one and then attach a tracking device). its lots of scientific mumbo jumbo mixed in what is really a dull film of a bunch of people wandering around in the wilderness. there are some attempts at creating tension and scares, but to be perfectly honest there is nothing here worth seeing outside of some great looking shots of the wilds. this is a perfect definition of an exploitation film, it promises you so much, a look at bigfoot, but in reality it delivers very little. recommended for insomniacs only

after having red the overwhelming reviews this film got in my country, i but wanted to see it. but - what a disappointment! to see a bunch of one-dimensional characters in a plot that lacks of originality is not worth the money and the time to spend. i sometimes wonder about the filmcritics in switzerland.

lame plot and two-dimensional script made characters look like cardboard cut-outs. needless to say, this made it difficult to feel empathy for any of the characters, especially the fiancé; he looked and acted more like a cartoon. in summary, i guess you could say it was on par with your typical made for tv drama. it uses just about every cliché in the book. the tortured classical musician who wants to break-out and play salsa. the free-spirited fiancée engaged to a "bean counter" personality she doesn't love. i won't list them or else it would be a spoiler because i'd be giving away the whole plot. the dancing was ok but nothing special. i've seen worse. 3 stars for good music. the band was really tight. i saw it on youtube. thankfully i didn't pay good money to see it at a theater. i'm still a little shocked at how many great reviews this movie has garnished.

i wanted to like this movie, but many elements ruined it for me. the use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head, but it did make me think i was watching mtv for a few short moments. the movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting. i love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld, but this film couldn't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction.

judging by the hype, and other reviews on this site, i was ready for an awesome horror movie focusing on junkies. what i got was complete crap focusing on junkies. i wonder if there's another movie called "cookers" that these people reviewed? there are only 3 main characters, and none of them struck me as well-written or well-acted. basically the whole movie i just spent shaking my head and marveling at the stupidity of these drug addicts.do yourself a favor. don't rent this movie. rent "cabin fever" or some other decent horror movie. hell, rent "mary poppins"! the animated penguins are scarier and more convincing than anything you'll find in "cookers."

i see what the director was trying to do but he missed the mark. the main actor was really good but the editing around his moments takes you out of it. the camera work, ie lighting and exposer is kind of amateur which i could forgive if the direction was more fluent but it wasn't. the sound was a bit off and that takes you out of the film as well. i see could see this director doing a little bit better in the future so not a total right off but don't expect a dv movie nearly as good as 28 days later or anything, keep your expectations low and you'll get more out of it. at least it was only an hour and a half. oh yeah and other than the lead the acting was pretty bad if you ask me. but i'm a movie snob so take that for what that's worth.

if this movie as meant to discourage people from doing drugs, it fails. i was ready to start using them i got waiting for something to happen and nothing ever really did. this movie is neither horror or drama. it's just the paranoia of meth users. this movie may win an award for the using the "f" word so many times and so uselessly. it was not well stated, but i felt like they were making meth to replace meth they owed to someone. hector just got worse and more paranoid as the movie went on and the girl just got more hopeless. the ending really made no sense. the movie made no sense unless it was just showing how annoying is is to be stuck in a house in the middle of nowhere with a meth-head. i relied on the other feedback when i decided to watch this movie and the rating on this movie should be a much lower average.

i picked up tran scan from the library and brought it home. we have considered taking a trip out east and thought it would give us a feel of what it was like. the film was a total waste of time, if i went out to buy it i would call it tran scam when i saw that it costs $49.the dvd ran for 8 minutes and showed a roller coaster ride across canada with my stomach feeling ill as they went up and down and around curve with the film at high speed.there was a lot of footage they probably shot on this and you would think that they could have made a better product. if i would of done this project i would of provided more footage, paused on road signs to let people know where they were and linger in places to view the scenery. to make a film like this it should of been 60 to 90min. oh yes the case said it was in stereo, the whole film was a hissing sound from sped up car sound, thet could of at least put some music to it.if you want a good cross canada film watch the railrodder / national film board of canada starring buster keaton (the one of the last film he made) in this comical film buster keaton gets on to a railway trackspeeder in nova scotia and travels to british columbia

as an ordinary movie-watcher i can't say i enjoyed watching this one. it's not too emotional for a drama, not too gripping for a thriller, not too fast for an action. plus, some moments of the movie are hardly credible. ok, i understand, soldiers become a bit out of their mind out there, but it's hard to believe that a person would risk his life, carjack into the middle of a hostile city, and after being shouted at by a professor's wife run away, without having asked a question (in a proper way). it would seem terribly romantic if it were an animation or so, but it's supposed to be a serious film about war.. there are several episodes like this, so the whole picture makes an impression that it's just a raw preview of a movie, and it needs considerable work.it feels like the movie makers wanted to create an image of an emotional brave soldier, but all these 'curves' of his psychology seem simply unnatural.this picture left a question in my head: why? why they gave it an oscar? why six? and imho it's the most thrilling part of the movie :)

really? really???? i know if you make a political war movie you will get noticed but this movie was just garbage. horrible in every sense. terribly inaccurate in so many ways. i have an easier time believing the president of the united states suiting up, flying a jet fighter, and shooting down aliens. it is easier to note the few things that were right. my jaw dropped when i saw some one say that this movie was the best in the last 25 years. it was overacted, seemingly pointless plot diversions, and had questionable cinematography at times.x-box, youtube, acupat utilities did anyone check that these things did not exist in 2004? it's not like you had to do extensive research, it was only five years before this movie came out. i am an iraq war veteran and if you spent one day with an infantry platoon or an eod squad you would realize how b.s. this movie is. to compare this to platoon or saving private ryan is ludicrous. why don't you just throw commando and red dawn in there too; i think those might be more accurate. if for some reason you can see past the unbelievable plot, the historical and factual discrepancies, then this movie might just be ok. nothing more. if you keep on hearing "oscar buzz", and have to add your own pompous review, go right ahead. as for me, i am writing the director to see if i can get my 131 minutes back.

i rented this film on netflix after it won all the oscars, to see if it was really that good.the hurt locker is a very realistic portrayal (for the most part) of a group of soldier's rotation in iraq. the film centers around will james, a reckless soldier who gets his adrenaline fix from taking risks, and defusing bombs.where this film seems to lack in my opinion is the plot and direction of the movie. this film has no clear plot unlike other films such as black hawk down. what this film tries to do is focus more on the characters, and their different attitudes about the war. bigelow does an okay job of focusing on the characters, but there are many points in the film where the dialogue seems to drag. hurt locker is 131 minutes long, yet it feels like a 3 hour movie.one scene in the movie that was particularly awful, and ruined the films perfect credibility, was the sniping scene halfway through the movie. it was both unrealistic, and very long.overall, i thought this film was okay, but the reason i gave it a 6 instead of a 7, was because it was a major letdown for winning best picture at the oscars. i felt like this film could have been so much better considering saving private ryan lost best picture, but was much better than this film. another notable mention is black hawk down which only won 2 oscars. i honestly do not know how this won best picture.if you are looking for an action packed war flick, rent black hawk down. this film will be forgotten in a year or two.

i was intrigued to see how a little-seen 2008 film had somehow won the oscar for best picture of 2009 and thus went to see the hurt locker. sadly, all i got for the two hours invested was the grim confirmation that this film had won awards purely for off-the-screen reasons.the direction and visual style of this film is some of the weakest you will ever see. when it's not busy being yet another bourne identity homage with dire, annoying "shaky cam" visuals, it shows off all the hallmarks of a second rate daytime soap opera in terms of lensing.the "plot" is threadbare, the characterizations are about as well developed as rejected beetle bailey comic strip ideas and the dialogue - on the instances where the film gives up on being "minimalist" and for no apparent reason turns one or two soldiers into right chatterboxes - is some of the worst ever recorded. in fairness, the actors do the best they can in the circumstances, just not enough to obscure how bad the project is.the whole film has the feel of it being intended as some kind of "mockumentary" that they clocked was bereft of humour and thus re-edited as best they could so as to pass it off as a serious drama.if you spend two hours on this film they are two hours you will never get back, and two hours wasted that you will regret for the rest of your life.

yes, this movie is a real thief. it stole some shiny oscars from avatar just because politicians wanted another war-hero movie to boost the acceptance (support?) for the wars u.s. is still fighting today. i do not really want to go here into politics, but come on, this is more clear than the summer sky. hurt locker does not really have anything outstanding, no real plot at all. i really feel myself in the 50's of hungary when the party told the people what to like and what not to like. the same propaganda movies were produced that time, only with the exception that those were black and white. even if we consider this title a reasonable piece of the "u.s. wars are cool" genre, you surely have much better movies to choose from.

i was looking forward to kathryn bigelow's movie with great anticipation after the endless hype and 6 oscars which it was awarded. unfortunately it really isn't a good movie. the depiction of the situation certainly seemed to be accurate and believable on all counts, but beyond that the story simply came across as incomplete and the direction of the movie appeared to be uncertain and haphazard. the actors put in a good effort, but for me i didn't really get what the movie was trying to be. it's not as atmospheric and gripping as full metal jacket, not as epic as band of brothers, not as action packed as...well, anything. i certainly can't see why it was nominated for so much, nor why people are 'hyping it up' to these epic proportions. mind you, given the calibre of movies in the last couple of years i suppose there's not a lot to choose from.

kathryn bigelow and mark boal are already preparing a sequel about a young us corporal in afghanistan. he also happens to be a highly-qualified surgeon and is roaming freely around kabul, operating on wounded nato soldiers. on a particularly difficult mission, he casually picks up a sniper rifle and shoots osama bin laden from a distance of about 3000 yards. he is then finally promoted to sergeant, but is unable to decide between a sniper and surgeon career, so he quits from the army altogether. one year later, frustrated with civilian life, he joins the navy and the last scene shows him proudly wearing a white uniform.

let's start by the simple lines. from the viewer's side, there a couple of good "director details", some points of view at the movie scenes that are nice. the special effects are good enough, a good acting/good scenery also. but the story is way too simple. it shows how a elite army bomb squad unit lives, acts and sometimes dies. it shows the drama of living in war. in my movie experience as a serious action movie "addicted" guy, i missed that click that gets my eyes and mind stuck on the screen. one of the things that need to be present in a movie in order to i consider it a good one is the ability of immerse the viewer in the movie reality and time. it didn't happened to me. i stayed "conscious", for the entire movie.honestly speaking, i think that this movie gained its place in fame based on the "subconscious" appeal of american patriotism, a healthy and genuine feeling, but not the adequate use as a movie fame generator. more than a movie about war, it grows its popularity based on that.a simple thought: if this was a world war ii or i movie, only changing time, with everything remained the same, would it be this awarded? sure not. why? because there are great ones that elevate the bar way to high.compared against its rivals in the oscars, i don't think that all of the prizes it won are correctly awarded.

i went to see this movie simply to see what all the hype is about, and i was as disappointed as surprised about how it got 6(?) oscars and 7.9 rating on imdb as of today.kathryn bigelow should be the luckiest director ever to win the best picture and best direction oscar for this sort of a really really bad movie and i wonder why? did the totally unrealistic 'cowboy' bomb disposal-man storyline mean anything to somebody that i failed see? why did i keep getting the mental image that this movie was a remake of some old bad western movie about a cowboy doing 'brave deeds' in the wild wild west infected with 'evil' red indians; but just that it was set in a different background this time? was it given the oscars because the director being ex of james cameron, and made it a nice underdog (gossipy) story for day time tv shows to munch on? or was it some sort of emperor's clothes syndrome - where most people realized it was junk but just couldn't say so because others didn't seem to be saying it out aloud?and finally what was with that sniper scene where they showed the shell casing dropping in high-resolution-super-slow-mo as if to convey a 'deep message' or something? something in the lines of 'eod guys make good snipers all of a sudden and they will get the filthy terrorists all the time'? was it just me who felt like there were so many bits and pieces here and there in the movie squeezed in for no apparent reason? and you can get the oscars for editing and directing for that??if you haven't seen this yet, don't waste your money on tickets. wait till they run it on tv in a few years. you are not going to miss much.

for a lot of time i was looking forward to see this movie, here in latinamerica japanese or any oriental movies have no distribution in theaters, we can find some of those movies in some underground stores, and i just found avalon, i was expecting something good, but the only good thing in this movie is the first scene, the rest of the movie is boring and senseless, just plain stupid, with a lot of useless scenes, and a boring story. i am wasting my time even writing about this film. sorry but is the truth.

'blue desert' may have had the potential to be even a half-way plausible and more enjoyable thriller had the main character, lisa roberts (courtney cox) not been so stupid. when she is the victim of another attack on the streets of new york, comic book artist roberts moves to a small town out west. in her first days there, she meets the suspiciously crazy randall atkins (craig sheffer, playing this part well) who will eventually not leave her side. fearing for her safety after having been in the situation already twice before, she strikes up a friendship and relationship with the suspiciously amicable town cop, steve smith (d.b. sweeny, who's character does not seem convincing enough, leaving disbelief among viewers who should otherwise be convinced of the red herrings thrown by the writers). smith needs roberts cooperation because, as he tells her, atkins is an ex-con and guilty of sexual assault. but, the cops have lacked the evidence to put him away before.the movie had enough ploys to at least make an interesting movie because soon enough, there is such confusion as to whom roberts should trust. however, much of the intended suspense appears too forced because roberts character never seems to react to simple things as we think any reasonable person might. and her delayed responses allow much of that suspense to occur to easily and unconvincingly, particularly in the finale. perhaps sweeny was the wrong choice for this role; too baby faced in ways that kind of recall kevin anderson's persona evident in his character in 'sleeping with the enemy.' or, if lisa roberts was written as a stronger character, this might suffice as well. in the meantime, the film is not all that great, even as a low-budget b-thriller.

there is an awful lot wrong with this picture, beginning with a script that is both obvious and redundant. courtney cox plays a comic book artist who escapes to a small desert town after being raped twice in the big city. she immediately is stalked by a local who appears quite unhinged (craig sheffer), and who seems to be attempting a third rate mickey rourke imitation. d.b. sweeny is a local cop, who is supposedly there to protect and serve. meanwhile, the script manipulates the audience as to who's really the good guy? logic flies out the window after the first ten minutes and never returns, and there are more unanswered questions than there should be. if you think "blue desert" might be saved by the wonderful philip baker hall, you will be disappointed. his part is insignificant, just like the entire movie. - merk

this movie is about a female rape victim/comic book writer from new york that decides to get away from all that awful big city glamor and move to a dirty, run down small town where she finds refuge in a single-wide trailer on a dirt lot in the middle of 12th and nowhere. the townspeople are mentally ill, yet so is she for inviting crazy men into her trailer. annoying is the fact that she has the ability to do exactly the right thing to place herself in dangerous circumstance after dangerous circumstance. db sweeney's performance was high school at best. he's one of those kinda-cute young actors with a sweet grin. unfortunately career has not been kind and mother nature has been right in tow. to the previous commentator stating that the acting was "so real", well i agree. actually it wasn't acting. the two main characters really are pathetic, weak and incapable of making mature, healthy decisions. in brief, this movie sucks like no other, rent it to laugh at it. the real crime scene? the atrocious wood paneling in the trailer - enough to make me commit murder. and lastly, she's a artist/writer, so couldn't she afford a double-wide trailer and something other than a sun-yellow chevy chevette for love of god!

i got the dvd from the library in the expectation of getting a good idea of how things go on in the background at a major opera production. i have to say, i was very disappointed. the subject had so much potential. the sets in a wagnerian production must, of necessity, be elaborate and impressive and the story behind their creation and use could have been an excellent educational experience. instead, what we get it a hodgepodge of clips of people moving around big items of scenery, vaguely help together with a commentary which failed to hold my attention. i found myself listening primarily to the background clips of music from operas. i was impressed by the sheer enormity of the effort required to put on such a production - that did come across fairly well and next time i am at the opera i am sure i will remember that part if this video - but was left feeling somewhat cheated by the lack of detailed commentary and explanation.

i thought this was a great idea but, boy, was it poorly executed. we do get a broad sense of how complex and challenging the backstage operations of a show are, but virtually no specifics about any of it works. the producers don't seem to have found any way to tell a story or give the viewer a "through-line." (which is not to say they didn't try, but having the stagehands relate a synopsis of the ring cycle as the program's narrative does nothing to tell us about the job of physically mounting an opera.)we see lots of things happening, but are told little about what it is that the people are doing and why. there's little sense of who is who, or how the various production departments fit and work together. for instance, several times we hear about a problem of some sort -- one expects then to see the problem and its consequences and/or how it gets resolved. but instead the filmmakers generally just cut to something else (generally, pretty generic footage of people pushing stuff or talking into headsets.) overall the film ends up feeling more like a pastiche of images that you'd see run under the closing credits of a show, rather than anything worth watching for its own merit.

the worst movie in the history of cinema. i don't know if it was trying to be funny or sad, poignant or droll, but the end result was unwatchable. everyone from key grip, to robin williams, and back down to best boy should be ashamed to be a part of this film!

bad movie. it´s too complicated for young children and too childish for grown-ups. i just saw it because i´m a robin williams fan and i was very disappointed.(

this is the only movie i have ever walked out on. bad acting-- bad plot-- bad casting-- bad directing-- bad cinematography-- if they had set out to make a bad picture they couldn't have done a better job. i hope they are proud of his turkey. i'm surprised anyone associated with this film was ever hired again in hollywood. don't waste your time!

if you are planning to rent or buy this movie don't. it's the worst thing i have ever seen. i would comment on it more but it has been 10 years since i saw it and have blanked all of it from my mind. save yourself some time money and well being and stay far far away.

"laughter is a state of mind" says the tag, and i hesitate to comment on barry levinson's. what could he have been thinking during the making of "toys"? when he watched the rushes, did he see a successful, funny fantasy? if so, then he's working on a different plane than i. this is an excruciating picture, one in which the production design is 90% of the thing (and even the cartoon colors are a disappointment). robin williams and (most especially) joan cusack are humiliated as brother and sister of a toy mogul who are bypassed as inheritors of the factory when their dad dies. there's nothing remotely funny (satirical or slapstick-wise) on display here. it is uniformly draggy, ugly, and one of the very worst "big" movies ever made. no stars from ****

i think this is one of the weakest of the kenneth branagh shakespearian works. after such great efforts as much ado about nothing, etc. i thought this was poor. the cast was weaker (alicia silverstone, nivoli, mcelhone???) but my biggest gripe was that they messed with the bard's work and cut out some of the play to put in the musical/dance sequences.you just don't do shakespeare and then mess with the play. sorry, but that is just wrong. i love some cole porter just like the next person, but jeez, don't mess with the shakespeare. skip this and watch "prospero's books" if you want to see a brilliant shakespearean adaptation of the tempest.

this self-indulgent mess may have put the kibosh on mr. branagh's career as an adapter of shakespeare for the cinema. (released 4 years ago; not a peep of an adaptation since.) i just finished watching this on cable -- holy god, it's terrible.i agree with the sentiment of a reviewer below who said that reviewing something so obviously and sadly awful is an ungenerous act that comes across as shrill. that being said, i'll take the risk, if only because *love's labour's lost* is the perfect reward for those who overrated mr. branagh's directorial abilities in the past. branagh has always been a pretty lousy director: grindingly literal-minded; star-struck; unforgivably ungenerous to his fellow actors (he loves his american stars, but loves himself more, making damn sure that he gets all the good lines).along those lines, the sad fact remains that *love's labour's lost* is scarcely worse than the interminable, ghastly, bloated *hamlet* from 1996. in fact, this film may be preferable, if only because it's about 1/3 the length. branagh decided it would be a good idea to update this bad early work of shakespeare's to the milieu of cole porter, george gershwin, fred astaire, yada yada. so he sets the thing in 1939, leaves about an eighth of the text intact in favor of egregious interpretations of thirties' standards (wait till you see the actors heaved up on wires toward the ceiling during "i'm in heaven"), and casts actors not known for their dancing or singing (himself included). the result is a disaster so surreal that one is left dumbfounded that they just didn't call a horrified stop to the whole thing after looking at the first dailies. i don't even blame the cast. to paraphrase hamlet, "the screenplay's the thing!" no one could possibly come off well in this hodge-podge: the illustrious rsc alumni fare no better than alicia silverstone. who could possibly act in this thing?branagh's first mistake was in thinking that *love's labour's lost* was a play worth filming. trust me, it isn't. it's an anomaly in the bard's canon, written expressly for an educated coterie of courtiers -- not the usual audience for which he wrote. hence, there's a lot of precious (and tedious!) word-play, references to contemporary scholastic nonsense, parodies of lyly's *euphues* . . . in other words, hardly the sort of material to appeal to a broad audience. hell, it doesn't appeal to an audience already predisposed to shakespearean comedy. the play cannot be staged without drastically cutting the text and desperately "updating" it with any gimmick that comes to hand. which begs the question, why bother?branagh's second mistake was in thinking that shakespeare's cream-pie of a play could be served with a side-order of gershwin's marmalade. clearly the idea, or hope, was to make an unintelligible elizabethan exercise palatable for modern audiences by administering nostalgic american pop culture down their throats at the same time. but again, this begs the question, why bother?

spoilers all too often, hollywood's shakespeare adaptations entertaining pieces of cinema. beautifully shot they are well performed and faithful to the text. films including branagh's "henry v" and 1993's "much ado about nothing" are powerful pieces of work. watching "love's labour's lost" therefore, it's such a huge disappointment for expectation to be so hideously thrown to waste. sadly "love's labour's lost" is awful! the king of navarre (alessandro nivola) and his friends have forsaken drink and women for three years to focus on their studies. plans begin to fall apart however when the enigmatic princess of france (alicia silverstone) and her entourage arrive. soon love is in the air and philosophy is off the prince's mind.from the start, you realise that this film is not quite shakespeare. cleverly relocated into a 1930s musical by ken branagh, the plot is still there and the script remains, but now it has been sacrificed in favour of dire musical taste. classics like "the way you look tonight", "let's face the music and dance", "i'm in heaven" are all destroyed by weak singing and a strong feel that they just don't belong here.aside from weak singing, we are also treated to an increasingly large number of awkward performances by regular stars. ken branagh and friends might enjoy making this film, but they provide us with a stomach turning collection of roles.the main eight actors (four men & four women) are all equally dire, and the only positive on their behalf is a vast improvement on the truly dreadful timothy spall.in fact, only one individual leaves the film worthy of any praise and that's the consistently magnificent nathan lane. lane has proved over the years that he is a comedy genius and in this feature he once again adds an air of humour to the jester costard.there's little else to be said really. "love's labour's lost" deserves mild praise for branagh's original take on an old tale. unfortunately though, that's where the positives end. weakly acted, performed, sang and constructed, "love's labour's lost" is perhaps the weakest shakespeare adaptation of the last forty years. it should be avoided like the plague and should never have been made. a poor, disappointing choice by branagh and here's hoping his next effort is better.

this is just short of a full blown gore fest based on a stephen king story. two tabloid reporters, one seasoned(miguel ferrer)and one not so accomplished(julie entwisle), begin to believe that a serial killer(michael h. moss) may actually be a vampire. stranger than odd is this modern day blood sucker does not wing his way naturally, but by way of a black cessna he seeks his victims. the gore actually gets gruesome as the film nears its stupid finale. keep in mind that mr. king had nothing to do with this film. i do admit it is a bit scary in the wee hours of the night.

would have better strengthened considerably by making it as a50 minute episode of the outer limits. too much superfluous material and stuff like the chief bad guy looking like he'd escaped from the phantom of the opera didn't help. the whole 'night of the living dead' sequence was extremely silly and quite unnecessary. after all, if the dead were to punish anyone for their sins, now remind me exactly who was killing everyone again?

this film is so unbelievable; - the whole premise is bunkum; the fact that a serial killer (vampire or otherwise) could fly around untraced and kill as many people as the film implies is laughable. the vampire himself would not look out of place in a bela lugosi film. most of the acting is so wooden the actors should be treated for dry rot. i await the day when someone makes a decent film from a steven king novel (with the exception, possibly, of stand by me). this film suffers from what most stephen king films do - lack of money used for the "special" effects, poor actors, appalling characterisation and dialogue. this film is cheap, tacky and fails in everything it tries to do.

this was yet another big screen outing for a us tv show from the sixties it is amusing enough but was very much to formula. intelligent martian lands on earth and meets the not too bright humans, in his view.the usual wackiness ensues with the human, bridges, eventually bonds with him and helps him to get home. along the way he also gets the girl, hannah.this is a nice outing for some pleasant hollywood stars who i had not seen for a while.pleasant enough to pass some spare time if you have not got anything better to view.

tim (gary daniels) wants desperately to break into serious television reporting. when a job he begged for goes awry, he is fired. his beautiful but empty girlfriend (elizabeth hurley) says sayonara, too. coming home, tim is startled to discover his house has an uninvited visitor (christopher lloyd) from the planet mars! calling him uncle martin, tim soon tries to help his new friend navigate life on earth. but, martin gets in trouble wherever he goes, from the bathroom to the laundry room and more. lovely lizzie (daryl hannah) finally sees an opportunity to make time with tim but the course of true love does not run smooth in this case, either. soon everyone in television is stalking tim, hoping for a story about a true alien. what's a man to do? for those who loved the old television show of the same name, with bill bixby and ray walston, this film is not worthy to tie the proverbial boots. its truly, undeniably awful, with no plot and a reliance on supposed special effects which fall flat, too. daniels is okay as the earthling but lloyd is simply terrible as the alien, overacting up a storm. the rest of the cast is adequate, as are the costumes, set, and production details. even if your children see the cover and beg for this film, convince them to pick out another flick at the video store. be assured, kids and adults will find this movie a colossal bore, so opt for a night at the museum or around the world in 80 days instead.

when i was a kid in the 50's and 60's anything connected with disney was by definition great. what happened? they are able to get any actors and actresses they want, the best of their time. but somehow disney manages to screw things up in spite of their abundant resources.disney can afford the best writers, the best producers and directors, but still...they screw things up! this movie is crap. the sad thing is that i suspect disney in their arrogance does not even know when a movie is good or bad.it is only due to the talent of the actors that i can even give it a 3 of 10.

rodney dangerfield isn't the main character of this movie. he's barely in it. most of the screen time is dominated by unfunny jokes. one running gag is that a character is named jerk off. there are also lots of erection jokes, where the punch line is someone has an erection. this movie is as funny as kirstie ally's british accent is convincing.this movie started off like a weak action movie: five minutes of back story and then bam! unfunny jokes. but, aside from the terrible writing, the movie is also poorly directed and the acting is terrible. also, this movie does the old bad comedy cliché of having lots of well-known b-movie actors. harland williams, gilbert godfried, randy quaid, and phil la mar. these are just some of the people that spend more time on the screen than rodney, even though he's billed as the main character. don't be surprised to find this movie at a drug store selling for five bucks. even that is too much.

i must agree with the very first comment: this movie sucks very, very hard. despite having a very big b-list cast, the cover of this film (for those who aren't watching it on comedy central during a weekday which is probably the only exposure this film will ever get) tries to put the blame on dangerfield but in reality is just a paycheck for every has-been comedian from the '80s. randy quaid? check. ed begley, jr? check. the voice of lisa simpson? she can now say that maximum overdrive wasn't her only horrible flick: double check. and so many, many others.the saddest thing about this flick is that it was so lazily written with already-told jokes. nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny. you're better off watching paint dry. this is definitely direct-to-video scraping-the-bottom-of-the-barrel stuff that still believes in the old video adage: throw an old-time star on the cover and you'll get some money back off of the rental. considering the days of video rental are changing, consider this one of the last examples of putting out garbage.the only use this movie has if you're having trouble falling asleep. it'll get you there.

put a dvd of this flick in a time capsule, and it will definitely illustrate for future generations a perfect example of one which warrants the minimal rating on a 1-to-10-star scale.bill cosby and ray romano have been at the top - in ratings and with tens of millions in earnings annually - with their television series'. yet each has had no success in big-screen offerings. this has also been true for other tv personalities - perhaps because many of the stories which are presented for two hours or so seem more suited to either a 10-minute skit, or at most, the 22 or 23 minutes of drama during a half-hour program.this film, however, doesn't have one single element which would warrant two or three minutes of time on mad tv, snl, or anywhere else on a screen or stage.its origination date is listed as 2002, but release date - to dvd only - is shown as 2004. it also was filmed not long before rodney dangerfield's death, so its one redeeming value is that it probably provided at lease a few hundred thousand more dollars for his heirs.i'd never heard of it, but found it when turning-on my set, and frankly became fascinated by it. some movies are so truly awful that they rate a sort of top rating in reverse - so bad that you can move the dial backwards to a 9 or 10. "plan 9 from outer space" is the best example - and the bruce jenner/village people opus, "can't stop the music," is another.unfortunately this flick falls short even there. even if rodney's earlier work (as well as some of his fellow cast-members') fell short of "citizen kane" or "casablanca," there were many moments of humor and a story providing at least a modicum of interest.unfortunately, this presentation doesn't seem to possess even a minute or two's worth of such material.

i've noticed over the years that when a rock star makes his final album before his death, that album, if it's not his best, is usually prolific in some way and worthy of a listen at least. the album is usually good enough to cement a legacy. however, when it comes to comedians, especially mainstream comics who star in their own vehicles, their final movie is usually god awful. john belushi had "neighbors", john candy had "wagon's east", chris farley had "almost heroes", phil hartman had "small soldiers", and rodney dangerfield had this movie."back by midnight", although it may not have been dangerfield's very last film, is weak in every sense of the word. it wrapped filming in 2002 according to this website, and it's safe to say that it would have stayed on the shelves if dangerfield was still alive. i have been a big fan of dangerfield's since i was in my early teens, and it pains me to see how rotten this film was.what amazes me the most is that a number of other talented people took part in a movie with a very weak premise to begin with. dangerfield, a great comedian who usually played his comic persona on film, is a prison warden who houses a close knit group of inmates. when the owner of the prison, colonel-tom-parker-meets-sam-walton billionaire eli rockwood (randy quaid), cuts funding for the prison, the warden sends a group of inmates to break out of prison, rob rockwood's eponymous convenience stores of consumer goods, and break back into prison with the loot. by taking what's in the convenience stores, they are (i guess) taking what they believe rockwood owes them.with this flimsy premise, the movie sputters and stalls frequently. on top of that, the jokes that you think would be this movie's salvation are not even close to funny, not even from mr. no respect himself. that is incredibly disappointing too, because you'd expect a movie with oscar-nominated (!!!) randy quaid, kirstie alley, gilbert gottfried, ed begley jr., yeardley smith, and others to be at least a little bit funny. instead, quaid plays a character we've seen before in countless other comedies, alley plays a british heiress with an awful british accent (could this movie not afford an actual british person!?!), and every joke was poorly set up and poorly timed by virtually every member of this ensemble. it was just not a good comedy in any sense of the word."back by midnight" was rated r mainly for language (and one scene of nudity). the irony in this fact is that many of the jokes are so audience insulting that even kids (if you edit out the language) would walk out of this film. the physical gags are also incredibly predictable, especially when alley's pet monkey torments quaid's character. when the monkey grabs a pair of scissors and jumps on quaid's couch, who wouldn't know where that gag was going?being a direct-to-video comedy, of course i didn't expect any oscar-winning material on here. the truth is, though, dangerfield has made some great, timeless comedies before. "easy money" and "back to school" are hilarious still, and were definitely not oscar-worthy in the slightest. however, there's a difference between making a dumb comedy that's funny, and making a dumb comedy. with the latter kind of comedy, it seems like the filmmakers don't even try, which is precisely the case with this lame excuse for a wasted 90 minutes. rest in peace, rodney, but add this film to your batch of forgettable comedies like "meet wally sparks" (1997) and "the godson" (1999). this film, dare i say it, is not even worth seeing.

i don't know about you, but what i love about tom and jerry cartoons is the (often violent) interaction between the two characters. mouse in manhattan sees jerry leaving tom behind to have an adventure in new york, and as far as i am concerned, this one definitely suffers from a lack of cat!as magical as jerry's exploration of the 'big apple' might be for the other t&j fans who have commented here on imdb, i couldn't wait for this self-indulgent rubbish to end, so i could watch the next cartoon on my dvd.in fact, the only part of the whole episode that i genuinely enjoyed was when jerry almost 'buys the farm', hanging precariously off the end of a broken candle, hundreds of feet above a busy road.

there's a lot of good that can be said for this cartoon; the backgrounds are rich, lushly colored and full of nicely done art deco details. the animation is up to the usual studio standards of the time, which are unquestionably higher than those of the present day. however, i find it tedious for a number of reasons.the music: it's definitely not up to scott bradley's usual standards. although it's probably supposed to be evocative of a "great gatsby" setting, it ends up being dreary, sleepy, repetitious and monotonous (repetitious and monotonous are not the same, as beethoven's 5th symphony attests). since most people (including me) tend to close their eyes when they yawn, there's a lot of the visual part of the cartoon that will be missed by the average viewer.the storyline: i'm not giving away any secrets that aren't already in the plot summary - country good, city bad. this is a common theme in films, both animated and live, from this era. it's a misplaced nostalgia for a nonexistent rural idyll, which, in the present day, is reflected in a similar nostalgia for "values" that never were.

i am uncertain what to make of this misshapen 2007 dramedy. attempting to be a new millennium cross-hybrid between on golden pond and the prince of tides, this film ends up being an erratic mess shifting so mercurially between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always seems off. the main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between garry marshall's sentimental direction and mark andrus' dark, rather confusing screenplay. the story focuses on the unraveling relationship between mother lilly and daughter rachel, who have driven all the way from san francisco to small-town hull, idaho where grandmother georgia lives. the idea is for lilly to leave rachel for the summer under georgia's taskmaster jurisdiction replete with her draconian rules since the young 17-year old has become an incorrigible hellion.the set-up is clear enough, but the characters are made to shift quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the contrived contours of the storyline. it veers haphazardly through issues of alcoholism, child molestation and dysfunctional families until it settles into its pat resolution. the three actresses at the center redeem some of the dramatic convolutions but to varying degrees. probably due to her off-screen reputation and her scratchy smoker's voice, lindsay lohan makes rachel's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable, although she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give a reason for her hedonistic behavior. felicity huffman is forced to play lilly on two strident notes - as a petulant, resentful daughter to a mother who never got close to her and as an angry, alcoholic mother who starts to recognize her own accountability in her daughter's state of mind. she does what she can with the role on both fronts, but her efforts never add up to a flesh-and-blood human being.at close to seventy, jane fonda looks great, even as weather-beaten as she is here, and has the star presence to get away with the cartoon-like dimensions of the flinty georgia. the problem i have with fonda's casting is that the legendary actress deserves far more than a series of one-liners and maternal stares. between this and 2005's execrable monster-in-law, it does make one wonder if her best work is behind her. it should come as no surprise that the actresses' male counterparts are completely overshadowed. garrett hedlund looks a little too surfer-dude as the naïve harlan, a devout mormon whose sudden love for rachel could delay his two-year missionary stint. cary elwes plays on a familiar suspicious note as lilly's husband, an unfortunate case where predictable casting appears to telegraph the movie's ending.there is also the omnipresent dermot mulroney in the morose triple-play role of the wounded widower, lilly's former flame and rachel's new boss as town veterinarian dr. simon ward. laurie metcalf has a barely-there role as simon's sister paula, while marshall regular hector elizondo and songsmith paul williams show up in cameos. some of andrus' dialogue is plain awful and the wavering seriocomic tone never settles on anything that feels right. there are several small extras with the 2007 dvd, none all too exciting. marshall provides a commentary track that has plenty of his trademark laconic humor. there are several deleted scenes, including three variations on the ending, and a gag reel. a seven-minute making-of featurette is included, as well as the original theatrical trailer, a six-minute short spotlighting the three actresses and a five-minute tribute to marshall.

i'm only rating this film as a 3 out of pity because it attempts to be worthwhile. i love to praise a great movie and i'm not biased toward "male" movies. legally blonde was an excellent film. georgia rule on the other hand, was a disorganized, weak, poorly written, unrealistic example of movie making at its worst. by the end of the film i didn't care who was lying or if anything was resolved. the most important thing in a film is a good story. this story is weak and never develops (just because the subject matter is deep, doesn't mean the story is good). a good story has dynamic characters. a dynamic character is one that experiences a major character change, and is primed for that change over the course of the movie. in georgia rule, the character changes were abrupt and undeveloped. secondly, there were too many attempted dynamic characters. pulling off a really good dynamic character is a tough job and takes time (you've only got a couple hours in a movie). that means that too many attempted dynamic characters will get too little attention to their personal change. even if i ignore the poorly written story, and the litter of weak dynamic characters, i can't even say i liked anyone. every character was a mess. that's fine if your're writing american beauty but not when you're attempting a dramatic comedy. georgia was a horrible mother, her daughter was a horrible mother and daughter, and lohan was a horrible excuse for a human being (no i'm not cutting her any slack because she was molested, crap happens to everyone and we're all responsible for our own actions). the "dudley do right" mormon kid should have had the guts not to compromise his religion and commitments...and simon, i mean seriously, what kind of guy lets a 17 year old girl who's been molested just stay over occasionally (unless he's an actor or a politician). this movie is worth watching if you want to remind yourself what good movie making is not!

i haven't seen this, & don't plan to see this movie or any other that includes lindsay......unless & until "poor little rich girl" straightens out her life for a 2 year period beginning with her most recent arrest in july 2007.in fact, i don't know anyone that has gone to see any of lindsay's recent movies. i rather imagine 2007 will be the high water mark in her movie making career, until she cleans up her act. all of the recent publicity has only hindered her movie making career, if she has any further aspirations to make any more movies up to this time, movie producers have actively sought lindsay for roles in their upcoming production. now, lindsay will probably have to go to auditions & actually compete for any role. her reputation is currently "poison" & quite possible could have a negative effect on box office ticket sales on any movie she is in.sooooo....now lindsay is going to have to deal with "not being wanted".....is she going to be able to handle this?i wonder if even jay leno will want to have lindsay back on his tv show?all of the foregoing is merely my opinion. i have no inside information.

okay, so the previews to this film only tells you that a rebellious young girl goes to live with her grandmother for the summer in order to straighten out. that is actually not the case! it's about a young rebellious 17 year old girl who reveals a secret and it's up to her mother to believe if she's telling the truth or not.to be honest, i really enjoyed the concept of this movie. they had a really good plot and a really good theme of a love/hate relationship between mother and daughter. i did not however, enjoyed watching lindsay lohan's acting. in reality, this movie would have been great if they had someone else, perhaps a better actress. the character of rachel (lohan) is a very sexually aggressive person and it sort of reminds us of the real lindsay so it takes away a lot from the film.i do however, think that if you put lindsay aside, you will enjoy this film. the ending is pretty great (and sad).

this movie was portrayed in the trailer as a comedy. it is an extreme tragedy. it left me sick to my stomach. i hated it. i think if they want to make a movie like this than they should be man enough to reflect the true intentions of the movie in the trailer. i would not have seen this movie if i would have known. i think the trailer should reflect the theme and intentions of a movie. i am tired of it. i really wanted to have a fun comedy and i am extremely disappointed. it has been several days now and i still have a bad taste in my mouth from this movie. i have never been more disappointed in a movie, nor have i ever written a comment on a bad movie. i really think that true deception was involved in this trailer because if they showed the true intention of the movie, no one would have seen it.

i just came from seeing this movie and decided to see what others thought of it. i'm left wondering if these people who give glowing reviews saw the same film! this is potentially a very good story, but it fails to hit the mark. the script is very weak - the plot has so many holes that it would make a great dip net for the fishing scenes. the characters were not well developed and the storyline jumps around so much that i found myself asking the question "how did we get here?" at least a half dozen times during the movie.there was a lack of any chemistry between the cast members. this is probably related to lindsay lohan's antics during the filming. it was pretty clear that everyone showed up and did their job, but didn't commit to their roles.this is not a movie worth seeing...go for a walk, play a board game, take a nice warm bath and save your money for something that's worth it!

i have been searching for the right words to describe this film. at first i was inclined to simply skip to more significant matters, as the film does not rise to a level deserving comment.yet, i stopped, puzzled as to how to describe such stuff and somewhat intrigued by the challenge presented by the question: "what can one say about such a film?" rubbish? no, its not rubbish, rubbish can be recycled into something useful. greenhouse gas? no, its not greenhouse gas, greenhouse gases help plants grow large and healthy.finally, i struck on "not even bad," a rework of the phrase "not even wrong" used sometimes in theoretical physics to describe a theory that is hopelessly flawed and not even worthy of correction. that's it then, georgia rule: not even bad.

georgia rule has got to be one of - if not the worst movie i have ever seen in my life. the whole movie has a very surreal feel that made me gasp, "what?" out loud at least 7-10 times throughout its grueling two hour course.advertised in its trailer as a movie about three generations of women - jane fonda as the matriarch, felicity huffman as her daughter, and lindsay lohan as the rebellious, over- sexed, scantily clad grand-daughter, the viewer thinks this will be a cliché, light, chick-flick about growing up and coming together as a family.talk about false advertisement at it worst.after many shots of animals doing "funny" things in the background of "pivotal" scenes and not to mention a whole five minutes focusing on an old woman who comes into a doctor's office weekly to have her diaper changed, or the fact that this movie is actually about lindsay lohan's character being sexually abused by her step-father, georgia rule creates its own genre of cinema : the ungrounded, horribly acted, inappropriate comedy dealing with extremely serious issues in the most awkward, surreal, strange way. if garry marshall wanted this movie to be a drama/comedy, then he should have watched the royal tenenbaums. sideways. junebug. and so on. and so on.the only way i feel i can get a reader to understand the horrific genre that georgia rule falls under is to create a hypothetical situation. say that the movie, the 40 year old virgin, was about the main character being celibate because he was sexually molested as a child. but instead of having the movie take a more dramatic turn, belly laughs and comedy would ensue, with all of the characters' reactions being that of fake, lifeless, human beings pretending to care. throw in a yellow parakeet, dermot mulroney as the flattest, most non-dimensional character that could have been cut completely out of this poorly written script, along with a male character who throws away all of his religious beliefs and morals to be with a trashy, too-tanned girl who shares none of the same interests as he, as well as an an unnecessary car chase scene, unreal moments of characters trying to relate to each other, and you've got georgia rule.i found this movie to be an insult to any of those people out there who are struggling filmmakers, screenwriters, actors, editors, etc..who have a lot more talent and aren't getting noticed.don't see this movie : my rule. and if you must, get sufficiently drunk before hand.

i disliked this movie for numerous reasons. within the first ten minutes of the film, i grew extremely disappointed and came to the conclusion that if this movie was going to salvage itself, for me at least, that it was going to have to pull itself out of the enormous hole it had dug. unfortunately, that did not occur. the two draws of the movie for me were to see jane fonda and felicity huffman. i don't know enough about lindsey lohan's work to have been interested in what she would bring to the film. afterward, i just felt disappointed in and for all three of them even though there were "moments" in each of their performances. i imagine that for each of them to find their "moments" was a very difficult task given the fact that there was an amazing lack of character development and uninspired dialog. although the plot is an interesting one, the movie on the whole is so poorly written, directed and edited that anybody's performance as an actor would suffer and be tainted by it. the disrespectful way in which it dealt with sexual abuse and the trite and insulting viewpoint of small-town america, i think, were the two main reasons why this film failed in hitting it's mark. as one reviewer has noted and i would agree, the movie is almost impossible to market given it's finished form. i suspect that, or at least hope that (for the actor's sakes anyway) there are some real gems on the cutting room floor. sad for us but if that's true then the actors can take solace in that and feel somewhat good about lending their talents and time to such a flop. oh yeah and another thing...i wished for just once i could go see an american movie which included the sadly disappearing but wonderfully bucolic settings such as the one in this film where the main characters weren't absentmindedly and/or disrespectfully littering the country side with pop cans, smashed cds and, other such trash!

the problem with family dramas is that, outside of tv movies on channels like lifetime, most people don't want to watch them. and the ones that do get watched tend to be sensationalized and about current or topical problems or issues in the news (or recent news). movies that explain or explore the human condition aren't popular. particularly with the young crowd that would be miss lohan's fan base or the younger crowd that tends to make movies not simply popular but financially successful for studios.the specific problems i had with this movie is the cartoonishness of some of the characterizations. it was a bit much to blame all of the lohan's character's acting-out (wrecking the car, drug use, etc.) on what her step-father did to her. while not improbable,it's just a bit much to expect the audience to swallow. additionally, other aspects, such as her giving the young morman boy, oral sex, or that she would actually make a good assistant to the vet, who coincidentally happens to have a thing for her mother, etc., all these elements just did not really help this movie along. it placed it more in the element of a situation comedy trying one of their "special dramatic episodes" then it did for a fully realized, well-written feature film.when you watch the dvd and listen to the commentary, particularly for the various alternate endings, you can really see all of this is sharp focus.

knowing how old a film is, ought to prepare the viewer for a few things, and, with those things in mind, perhaps the movie'll be more tolerable. so it was when i watched revolt of the zombies. the heavy reliance on tedious dialogue and corny movements should be expected, as should the primitiveness (or absence) of special effects in those days. a great deal is asked from the imagination of the onlooker - maybe too much, in this case. and the plot isn't easy to follow: some zombiefied southeast asian soldiers in wwi performed very admirably. although skeptical as to why, if true, the explanation should stay out of the wrong hands, so, off goes a group to archaeologically investigate. the key to long-distance hypnosis is learned by a member of the expedition, who uses it to, among other purposes, temporarily dispense with the beau of the gal for whom he has the hots. to prove his love for her, he gives up his hold on everybody, which he shouldn't have done 'cause, once they're all unzombiefied, many want to kill him so that he'll never control them again. below average, even with precautionary forethought. recommended for only the extremely patient.

how has this piece of crap stayed on tv this long? it's terrible. it makes me want to shoot someone. it's so fake that it is actually worse than a 1940s sci-fi movie. i'd rather have a stroke than watch this nonsense. i remember watching it when it first came out. i thought, hey this could be interesting, then i found out how absolutely, insanely, ridiculously stupid it really was. it was so bad that i actually took out my pocket knife and stuck my hand to the table.please people, stop watching this and all other reality shows, they're the trash that is jamming the networks and canceling quality programming that requires some thought to create.

this show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel. it is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera. it's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.it also borrows from an early cbs game show pioneer- beat the clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome. then it rewards the winner money. if they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters, even better. while the game format is in slow motion versus beat the clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality. this show has elements of several types of successful past programs. reality television, hardly, but if your hooked on the contestants, locale or contest, this is your cup of tea. if your not, this entire series is as i say, drivel dripping with gravy. it is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.it is slick & well produced, so it might last a while yet. after all, so do re-runs of gilligan's island, green acres, the beverly hillbillies & the brady bunch. this just doesn't employ professional actors. the intelligence level is about the same.

this third darkman was definitely better than the second one, but still far worse than the original movie. what made this one better than d2 was the fact that the bad guy had been changed and durant was not brought back again. furthermore there was actually some hint of character development when it came to the bad guy's family and darkman himself. this made my heart soften and i gave this flick as much as 4/10, i.e. **/*****.

not sure why this film was advertised as a wild, quirky, laugh filled comedy. there is not much in this movie that will entertain, nor amuse the moviegoer. annette bening (whose acting was touted as being oscar worthy) comes off here as mannered, with her performance seeming routine. brian cox's character is confusing and irritating, and the lead playing augusten  joseph cross  appears to simply not have the personality to carry his role. the best thing about the film is evan rachel wood, but she is not enough to endorse this boring, unsavory film.the film disappeared quickly and it seems with good reason. i found some of the scenes distasteful (the scene with brian cox and his just utilized toilet rivals some of the worst scenes in 'you and me and everyone we know' and 'the squid and the whale'), some embarrassing, and most of them unsettling. i found the whole experience a waste of time. don't you waste your time

this movie contains no humor for anyone who has lived with a family member who has a mental illness. so many scenes reminded me too graphically of my own life experiences. this movie was the man's version of "mommy dearest." it depicts both graphically and accurately the life many children of a mentally ill parent goes through. it also shows how easy it is for a psychiatrist to become corrupt and act like they are god. someone told me it was funny. no way, i say! it is sick humor at best. the movie is so intense and depressing that my son and i had to leave the room. the best use for this movie is for people who don't understand mental illness or don't believe what we families actually do live through.

i'll say it again: this movie was totally lame. kids will like it, sure, but adults...doubtful. the whole thing was basically a rehash of the original, which is to be expected, since they pretty much explored the whole concept in the first movie, but still, did they have to completely rehash the entire movie? i mean, everything is re-done from the little mermaid. the worst part of it is morgana "ursula's crazy sister" who appears out of nowhere and threatens melody, which is ridiculous since triton is there with his magic trident. why didn't triton do anything about it? because the plot required him to do nothing. i could go on, but i won't. the whole thing is a shameless attempt to rake in more money from the little mermaid, and was obviously thrown together without any thought, because they knew it would sell. overall it is a terrible waste of time.

okay, as a long time disney fan, i really -hate- direct-to-video disney sequels. walt himself didn't believe in them. he believed in "and they lived happily ever after" being the end of it. but this one...really ticked the taco. there were so many ripoffs of other disney films in this, it wasn't funny. quick summary, if you don't already know...: melody, the daughter of ariel and prince eric, is born. ursula's sister, morganna (who basically looks like ursula, if she were to dye herself green and go on the ally macbeal starvation diet) shows up and, after trying to do the newborn tyke in, and failing, prophesizes doom for the characters. after that ordeal, ariel goes into a lapse of being like her father, and refuses to tell melody about her mermaid heritage, and later on, forbids her to go near the sea. well surprise surprise. melody finds out, being the stubborn brat she is, and runs away, then makes a deal with morgana to become a mermaid, in exchange for something. (gee does that sound familiar?) she becomes one, but in her half of the bargain, has to retrieve her granddaddy's trident and bring it back to the sea witch. while doing this, she runs into a couple of outcast animals, a penguin and a walrus named timon and pumb--huh? wait...no! that's not timon and pumbaa! or is it? could of fooled me. anyway, i'd like to reveal more, but pretty much anything that could be guessed to happen does. ok so...long story short. this movie "borrows" too much from other (better) disney films...and does it horribly. come on...tip and dash? why not just make dash obscenely flatulent and make it an even more obvious ripoff! ugh. not to mention, the total character butchery of ariel's persona. she's gone from being a freespirited, headstrong woman, to a clone of her father. not good at all...they're basically telling us the sweet, firey little mermaid we've known to grow and love is dead. plus melody herself isn't such a great character either...she's damned annoying! and bratty! not to mention what they've done to flounder. ugh...anyway if you decide to see this piece of created-mainly-for-profit-reasons, no-imagination, eisner-sponsored c******t, i suggest maybe waiting 'till its on the disney channel or some other tv station. because, it's not even worth the price of a rental. * out of ***** stars.

it was nice to see all the familiar characters again, but the story bothered me. we loved ariel in the first movie- so why is the second one centered around her daughter? the new characters were annoying and i didn't like the plot of this. worst of all, christopher daniel barnes didn't come back as the voice of eric! disney, please stop remaking classic movies with these shoddy imitations.

since the little mermaid was one of my favorite disney movies when i was little, i was curious about its sequel.the little mermaid(one) is a classic animated feature with top quality everything, a grand music score, and targets a general audience. in contrast, the little mermaid 2 is targeted primarily at young children, because it is spontaneous, reflects a child's self perspective, the music is bouncier and less dramatic, and the ending feels like recess.the little mermaid 2 starts out when baby melody is presented to ariel's side of the family. abruptly without any visual cues to aid the drama, a giant tentacle grabs the baby. i laughed, wait a minute it's not funny, the baby's being attacked! okay, i'll stop laughing. morgana's crime in broad daylight and her spontaneity, takes away potential drama since it happened so quickly.throughout the feature, melody seems superhuman, which i defend is how most children envision themselves. this quality in melody's character is clearly brought out toward the end when she fights morgana without an inch of fear on her face.like the first movie, melody has a lot of ariel's problems, except the reverse. queen ariel turns out to be like her father by restricting her from the ocean, whereas king triton restricted ariel from the surface. ariel and melody both rebel against their parent.the music is more emotionally moving in the first. this sequel has a bunch of songs, but not as much orchestral work went into it. it's great for little ones, because it doesn't take an orchestra to impress them.the ending in the first movie was strong and uplifting. the sequel ends with a bouncy song and everyone playing in the water. it's definitely more targeted at kids, because instead of the ending being solemn and leaving you blown away, this ending leaves you thinking, "it's time for recess!" ultimately, this movie is fun for kids, so we should let them have fun.

disney has yet to meet a movie it couldn't make at least two sequels about. and this one was no exception to the people at disney to give a weak story to receive a quick reward. somehow, although i did not pay to view it, i feel cheapened by watching it.ariel is grown up now and had a daughter. yet doesn't allow the daughter to go into the sea because of some idle threat made by the sister of the deceased sea-witch. so here we go again.the daughter is tricked (of course) and helps the sea-witch. after a not-so-glorious battle, she is defeated and the mermaids and humans live in harmony. yawn.there is nothing to view here. go back to your lives. "d-"

it wasn't good. the characters were underdeveloped and the only personality were from the memories i had of the previous movie which contrasted with the 'new' personalities (or lack thereof). i seriously thought the opening scene was a nightmare by ariel because of how absurd it was. it was serious. it just reminded me of all the annoying characters on the disney channel-everyone is hyperactive and the story jumps from action to embarrassing scenes without any really connection.the most disappointing part was the horrible songs-not catchy, not amazing. in the original ariel had an amazing and powerful voice and all the song are catchy and fun. you remember them and want to sing them. but the songs in this movie weren't creative in the least; it's as if they're talking in a annoying sing-song voice-quite weakly, disappointing. i don't have that want-to-sing-them feeling you normally get from a disney movie.it's as if not one wanted to do this movie, so they barely made an effort . . . this movie would needs a new story line, new catchy songs and more warmth and enthusiasm without the annoying "look at me! look at me! i'm so annoying!" mentality of this generation of disney. :'(

i suppose it was for temple matthews who written basically a remake even though there are few changes which just make it worse. spoilers: it is much similar to the original. melody, ariel's new daughter is threatened by ursula's sister, morgana. morgana escapes, but keeps her promise to take melody away from them. did ursula have a sister?! and she is not that great a villain as ursula was. this is where there is similarity. medoly is kept from the sea until morgana is captured, but she doesn't know a thing about it, because it all happened when she was a baby. a wall surrounds the palace to keep her in and morgana out. she goes under the wall day to day to have a swim and talk with sebastian, who is not as funny or fun as in the original. she finds a seashell with her name on it and runs away from home and to look for answers and finds morgana. here is a similarity; morgana tricks melody, making her happy by turning here into a mermaid. meanwhile, eric, melody and king triton look for her. to stay a mermaid she needs to steal the trident from triton. so melody does, because she does not know king triton is her father. she makes friends with a penguin and a walrus and here is where it is awful. the penguins who live with them in an icy ocean, hate them because they are cowards. so they try to prove they are heroes and fail. that does not suit the little mermaid. and the dialogue during those conversations between the penguins and those two characters is ear-bleeding. you know why? because the first had a great story. this one is not and is not magical. it is just an example of how bad many sequels are.melody finds them and they help to take her to atlantica to prove themselves. when they take the trident, ariel finds melody with morgana. melody is angry at her mother for keeping her from the sea so she gives the trident to morgana, then she shows her true colours once she grabs it. poor ariel and melody are in her custody. the penguin and the walrus begin to prove themselves when they fight morgana's shark friend. sorry i did not mention him earlier. they finally prove themselves. eric, king triton and his soldiers arrive but are forced to bow down before morgana by the power of the trident. melody takes it, throws it to triton and he ices morgana (literally). then ariel apologises to melody and thinks it is all her fault. it was not! ariel did the right thing to protect melody, but they never say so. triton offers melody to live in sea or land. she in fact has a "better idea". she uses the trident to vaporize the wall so humans and mer-folk can be together. then everyone sings an awful song. the end.whoever has seen it and likes this obviously has not seen the original. i do not dislike this because i am a teenager. i liked it when i was very very little. then as i grew older i began to see what is bad about this film. young, young kids will enjoy it, but it is likely that when they are in primary school, they will forget about it. normally i would think i over-judged a film and it was better than i remember when i watched it again, but not this one. it is even worse. story is no exception. if you thought, by reading this that the story is good, read more of this comment and you will know the other bad points: well, you know the story now. i am sorry for spoiling it for you, but i had to point out some bad parts of it. one of the worst things is the animation. colour is awful. the original had beautiful colour. watching this almost made me want to go blind. even the illustrations and landscape design were not good. the original had beautiful, magical colouring and beautiful underwater landscape design and for land as well, making it a joy to watch.the music is unbearable. compared to the first, the music here is crap. songs are not that well composed and tara strong (i think that is her name) who did melody can not sing. she at times either sang too high or did not keep track for the melody in the song. so much for having "melody" as a name.and the music is not at all beautiful or moving. little mermaid 1 won an oscar for it and it truly deserved it. this one deserved a razzie award for worst musical score in a sequel if it would exist.i did not like the voices. several people who played characters from the first, did the same ones in this. jodi benson is a great singer, but now that she is older, no offence to her, her voice is too deep and not so beautiful anymore. and i am really disappointed in her and others who were in the first for being a part of this. if i was chosen for this film, just by reading the script, i can tell it would be a bad film. the characters are different now. ariel is more wiser now, but annoying. they overdid her character, making her too mature. in sequels you are not meant to change the characters unless it is for a special reason. she was sixteen in the first. there is little chance she changes. that is the stage when you become the person you are going to be for the rest of your life. screenwriters should think of that. they should think of the character.well, i suppose that is it for me. i hope you find my comment useful, because i am sure a lot of you will agree with my point of view.

this movie makes me want to throw up every time i see it. if you take the first movie, and reverse the plot (ariel wants to leave the sea, her daughter wants to go to the sea), take the same characters and give them new animals and new names, and then throw in crappy animation and the biggest suck factor, possible, you get the little mermaid 2. its basically a copy of the first movie with a reversed plot. i'll take you through the horror of it step by step. these are the people from the 1st movie: first of all, prince eric is still prince eric, with about 3 lines in the whole movie. ariel is uptight, annoying, and is not the carefree, headstrong spirit we saw in the 1st. in fact, she is the exact opposite. sebastian is still sebastian only less cute, less convincing as being stressed out, and the jokes just aren't funny anymore. flounder has about 2 lines. he now has kids and he talks with a dumb nasal voice. scuttle is still dumb scuttle only not funny. king triton's character is probably the best, he still retains the intimidation and love for his daughter, melody. ariel and prince eric appear not to give a hoot about their daughter. like i said, all they did was use the characters from the first movie and copy them. this is what they did: ursula- the new evil villain is morgana, ursula's sister who feels like she always lived in ursula's shadow. i wouldn't be scared of her if she showed up at my doorway with a knife. she can't do anything right and she's a failure as a villain. she has the same voice ursula did. sebastian & flounder - have been replaced by probably the most stupid sidekicks, tip & dash, a walrus and a penguin. they try to be hero's but always fail when trying. the plot is so predictable. they become heroes at the end. yawn. flatson& jetsom- now replaced by a shark who was turned about 10x smaller by triton. hes really bad too. morgana and the shark (sharkbait, i think was his name) have no chemistry, good or bad. ariel-ah, ariel. our lovely mermaid was replaced by her un-lovely daughter, melody. melody cannot sing, her voice is about 2 octaves higher than it should be, and you want to punch her in the face because shes so fake sugary sweet. she wants to go to the sea, she is clumsy and the kids make fun of her, she has to go find herself. yawn.not only is the movie boring and unoriginal its so simplistic when you watch this movie you will gasp at how bad it is. certain parts of the movie make you want to call disney up and demand why such a horrible movie was made as a sequel to such a wonderful original.basically, comparing the little mermaid 2 to the little mermaid is like comparing and ed wood movie to casablanca. don't ever watch this, not even when your bored.

if there's one thing you can count on disney to do, it's their uncanny ability to take a story and tell it again and again and again. even watching the commercial for lady and the tramp ii was a horrible experience. disney's going to ruin one of their most awesome classics ever. it even had that spaghetti meatball scene. it's been done before! and that's what i say to this sorry direct to video(the entire concept should be banned). everything is just a rehash of the original movie and even several of bluth's really bad movies. the penguin and walrus duo(i've even forgotten their names) are just a really poor carbon copy of timon and pumbaa. morgana is another ursula. she even repeats practically all her old lines. the songs are pathetic, really abysmal. i've never heard songs so bad from them before until now. and the dialogue is atrocious. it's pathetic and simplistic. on the plus side, at least they took the time to make the animation somewhat decent. all of the usual characters aren't as annoying as they used to be(or maybe that's a minus for little mermaid fans). back on the negative, melody is just so sickeningly cute you just might vomit. i almost did. do yourself and your little mermaid fan a favor. don't waste your money on this. true, it's not as horrific as return of jafar or pocahontas ii, but that's little consolation.

well then, thank you so much disney for destroying the fond memories i used to have of my former favorite movie. i was about 5 when the original movie came out, and it was one of the first movies i remember seeing. so, now that i'm 16, and feeling masochistic enough, i decided to rent this movie. thus, i managed to poison all my memories of the original movie with this sorry excuse for a movie. this movie takes everything that made the original endearing and wrecks it, right down to the last detail.in this movie, ariel and eric celebrate the birth of their daughter, melody, and go to show her to everyone in the ocean...broadway style! after the musical number ends, within minutes, the sea witch morgana shows up and threatens to kill melody if triton doesn't give up the trident. thus, he gives it up without even a fight. eric stands there gaping, though ariel figures out how to use a sword and save melody. morgana escapes, so ariel and eric decide that melody should never go near the sea until morgana is caught.well...uh, nothing of note really happens. eric is a total wuss. he never really manages to do anything. ariel sort of does something. melody manages to screw things up. plus, the animation is a new low-point for disney. the computer graphics wind up clashing with the backgrounds. ever single opportunity for character development is wasted. the songs bite.look, don't waste your time. i'm pretty sure even the little kids are going to be bored out of their skulls with this, since nothing even remotely exciting ever happens. they won't want to sing the songs. if you manage to grab a copy of this, throw it out into the ocean and hope that nobody ever finds it. ever.

yep, the topic is a straight quote from the movie and i think it's pretty accurate. i was so bored to dead with this pointless effort. all the flashes etc. making no sense after first 20 minutes is just bad film making + if you are epileptic, you would have died at least five times already. of course all the david lynch fans would raise a flag for this kind of turkey to be "the best film ever made" because it doesn't make any sense and when it doesn't make any sense it's got to be art, and art movie is always good. right? i say wrong. this kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way to try to show that you're a good film maker. anthony hopkins as a excellent actor should just stay acting.

what seemed as a good premise for a movie...unfortunately it fails to deliver on nearly every level. very hard to follow at the start of the movie i actually found myself fighting the urge to turn it off the biggest problem from a visual aspect is the fact that the camera work is simply over the top with so many "arty" splicings and semi-subliminal cuts throughout the movie that actually distracts you from the from the overall story. it really tries too hard to immerse you in the moment and build to a suspenseful ending but the movie just has so many half conceived characters and non relevant script it just leaves you feeling disappointed and confused as to why they tried to go so deep with it.

okay...so i've seen a lot of really odd/unusual movies in my day. fear and loathing in las vegas comes to mind when i think of that. well not anymore...from here on out, whenever someone asks me, "hey, what's the most unusual movie you've ever seen?" slipstream is what i'll say! and i do not mean "unusual" in a good way.from the very beginning of the movie, it was obvious that this was going to be one of those "trippy camera effect" movies. by that i mean, little things like flashing images on the screen, rewinding and fast-forwarding people's words and scenes, messing with the color on the screen, flash forwards and flash backs constantly...then you have the actual acting itself. people randomly get violent, shoot things/people, say the weirdest things that just don't make much, if any sense.the movie is about a writer who starts to intermingle real life with the book he's writing and for a lack of a better way to explain it, you basically see this "trip" he goes on throughout the movie. the thing is, johnny depp went on a similar trip in fear and loathing in las vegas but the only difference is that his trip was entertaining to watch, not painful! honestly, i had a real hard time even finishing slipstream. it kind of hurt my brain a bit.i can see some film buff making a claim as to this movie having certain cinematic nuances that make it not only unique but add to the feeling of dementia...blah, blah, blah. point is, this movie hurts your brain when you watch it....it makes very little sense, it takes all of your concentration to even remotely try and understand what is going on and even at the end, the only thing you can be happy about is that it's over...and you can say you actually sat through it! so in closing, if you want to see a movie that will have you saying "what the heck" over and over again both out loud and in your head, go ahead and waste an hour and 30 minutes and check this out.mr hopkins, while i applaud you as an actor and commend your choice to take a stab at directing....please, do not ever make a movie like this again. next time, try something that relies a little more on great storytelling than camera techniques that tend to leave the viewer with a headache.

this movie was a complete waste of time.i viewed this movie with a group of cinematic enthusiasts, who have varied taste in movies yet always a keen eye for a work of "genius" (as one of my fellow commenters on this site had the gall to label this steaming pile); not one of them found a single redeeming quality. we ended the movie with a rousing chorus of expletives i will not reprint here.i can only guess that the positive reviews provided here were written by sir anthony hopkins, himself. afterall, as one of those reviewers will tell you, he financed the film himself  because no one else in hollywood or anywhere else in the world, for that matter, would risk a single penny or their good name in association with this film. don't let the semi-famous actors who appear in the film lure you into its clutches  as christian slater admits in the special features "making of" he signed on to the film without reading the script or knowing any details (a folly i am sure he will never repeat).i pity the hapless individual who stumbles into this quagmire of self-indulgence written, directed, produced, and financed by a man who is too famous to admit to himself that not everything he creates is a masterpiece (and if you don't believe me please google "anthony hopkins" and art).

i wasn't entirely sure what to expect from a comedy, drama, fantasy, sci-fi genre, but, given the actors involved i thought i'd give it a spin. the tone of the film felt awkward, going through patches of each of the genres but never quite felt balanced, so eventually i gave up trying, and concentrated on the cinematography and individual performances, which i thought were good on the whole, considering each character had little depth because of the nature of the story (won't give anything away here). i have to say it felt a lot longer than its 96 minute runtime, and not in a good way. in the end i was looking for closure, some measure of satisfaction but it didn't turn out to be the clever or ingenious piece i had hoped it would be. i think tony mistakenly thought what he did do at the end of the film gave us that... but it was a tragic mistake to try and validate the previous 95 minutes with the ill-conceived conclusion. ultimately i feel cheated. imo it would have been better to let it stand without the "ending" as a piece of art... just. or... i may have missed the point completely :)

oh dear... as an englishman, and a small part welsh, a fan of anthony hopkins' work in the industry..... to date, i am truly disappointed. you see i am a nobody, who hoped for better. so my comments are as 'straw in the wind'. but, that's the point isn't it? - i have no axe to grind on the commercial value of a work. i, a full member of the great unwashed, go to see a movie to be transported to another place. to yes, suspend belief for a brief period. but not to enter a state of total disbelief.had this been by an unknown author and director, i would guess that this 'production' would have been castigated into oblivion. unfortunately, its not, and i was left wide eyed and confused. having seen some of the rave reviews given this work i am faintly worried....perhaps its that i try, without prejudice, to view each movie on its own merits. regardless of author, director, studio or even the notoriety of the content.my advice, as many before me: don't write and direct the same production. it is fraught with danger. movies need to be moderated to retain a semblance of credibility.as they say in school reports "could and can do better..."

i love anthony hopkins as an actor so i was very interested to see how he would do as a writer/director. i could not have been more disappointed by this move. the movie was so disjointed and the cinematography was so over done to the point i wanted to pull the plug out of the wall. the actors were very good but it was such a waste of talent. not all actors are cut out to be writers or directors and clearly mr. hopkins falls into this category. of all the movies i have ever seen in my 50 years, this is absolutely the worst movie ever. please do us all a favor mr. hopkins and stick to acting, which you are excellent at, and leave the writing and directing to those who are talented in those areas. if i could give this movie a rating less than one i certainly would.

i rented this movie on the merits of what the trailer showed, and of course sir anthony hopkins.if jackson pollack teamed up with david lynch, and timothy leary to make a movie, this would be the end result. i don't think i've seen a movie like it that made an lsd trip look like an episode of sesame street.it's a bunch of set pieces where the characters flash in and out of reality, or various realities, and the film doesn't culminate into anything until the last 5 minutes, where all of a sudden it makes sense. i wrote a scathing review on my movie review blog that essentially gives everything away, and i won't do that here. it's a well acted piece of cinema, and the soundtrack was written by sir anthony hopkins, and let me say this, if there's one redeeming feature to this film, it's the music. it fits perfectly. some of the dialogue is unbelievably good, and unbelievably bad all at the same time.i enjoyed parts of this movie, i truly did, and once you get to the end of it, you'll actually figure out what's truly going on. it's unfortunate that you have to wade through 2 hours of crazy to get to a salient point, which minimizes the effect of the entire movie.i give it a 3 out of 10 for the simple fact that the real problem with this film isn't the acting, it's everything.

this movie was a disappointment. i was looking forward to seeing a good movie. i am the type of person who starts a movie and doesn't turn it off until the end, but i was forcing myself not to turn it off. theonly reason why i didn't turn it off was because i am a huge christian slater fan and i wanted to see him act in it. i was really speechless after i finished watching the movie. this movie was one of the worst movies that i have seen in my life. thank you christian slater for putting some humor into it. if you hadn't been in this movie i would of been bored out of my mind.i also agree that anthony hopkins needs to stick to acting. by the time the movie was over i didn't even get the plot. i was both confused and annoyed.

i actually had quite high hopes going into this movie, so i took what was given with a grain of salt and hoped for the best. about 1/3 of the way through the film i simply had to give up, quite simply the movie is a mish-mash of stuff happening for no apparent reason and it's all disconnected. i love movies that make you think, but this movie was just a bunch of ideas thrown together and never really connected.don't think it's david lynch-esquire as some would have you believe, it is nowhere near that realm other than some trippy visuals. saying it's artsy to disguise the fact there's no apparent plot or story is just a manner or justifying why you wasted the 1.5 hours in the film. the acting was good, but that cannot save lack of story. i do agree with the one comment posted previously... "it's like being in some other person's head... while they're on drugs," in other words nothing makes sense.

i have seen bad movies before, but this one takes the "worst movie of a lifetime" award by far !! anthony hopkins has to be completely mentally ill to have his name attached to this one - anywhere ! i will never see another movie with him in it, directing it, etc., etc. ! i can't believe the other actors & actresses that i liked, (in this picture), that stooped so low to be a part of this disaster ! there must be some great drugs out there ! for anyone to not be embarrassed to be a part of such a film, is beyond me ! save your money on this one ! huge flop from beginning to end ! shame on you mr. hopkins ! also, shame on christian slater ! i can't believe you put your reputations on the line for this one !

what a muddled mess. i saw this with a friend a while ago and we both consider ourselves open-minded to the many wonders of cinema, but this sure isn't one of them.while there very well could be some good ideas/concepts and there are certainly some good performances (under the circumstances), it is all buried under random nonsense. sir anthony draws way too heavily from the same gene pool as natural born killers, u turn and similar films as far as the editing is concerned, or maybe he watched himself in nixon for inspiration. say what you want about david lynch, but at least he more often than not has a method to the madness.his quote of stating that he made the film as a joke says it all. it's not worth your money, bandwidth or time.

look, i'm sorry if half the world takes offense at this, but life is confusing enough. i don't need to watch it that way. i dig anthony hopkins, big time. i even watched fracture, and i knew that would be a steaming pile of quentin. but this thing is not well shot, and it's not daring--even if it is artsy. well-produced films have reasons for cuts and fast edits, not this "oh, but it's a realistic interpretation" excuse. this thing'll make your head hurt. it's the fastest moving picture ever to take you nowhere at all. i still love ah, and i'll always give him another chance, but if you aren't made of time to watch bad ideas on screen, skip this.

this movie is once again, one of those movies that someone thinks or tries to make others think that they understood it. anyone who tries to make any sense of this is a moron! my advise would be to take two not one but two hits of very strong acid and at least you'll get a visual thrill out of it!! although at the end you may kill yourself for wasting your acid!!!! being that this comment requires 10 lines of info, let me write something for those of you that will try to defend the movie. unintelligble. garbage. schitzoid. waste of talent. movie is ice, with paper on destination with ringing clouds, on a sunny dive in the pudding.... sounds like lion in a red light with seeing hair. now explain that to me!!!!

given the chance to write, direct and star in my own movie, i would probably choose something about robot women with guns. anthony hopkins, however, decided to make possibly the strangest movie anyone has ever seen. "slipstream" is a movie that is so strange that even david lynch would probably look at the person next to him and say 'what's going on?'.this is a movie where, in one scene, a man crosses the road towards a yellow car facing to the right which suddenly changes into a pink car facing to the left. this is a movie where two characters have a conversation interspersed with shots of random people laughing and insects climbing up walls. this is a movie where a man starts talking about "invasion of the bodysnatchers" only for the actor of that particular movie to suddenly show up as himself (and then disappear into thin air). this is a movie that decides to throw the need for a coherent plot straight out of the window and use fifteen different edits whilst doing so, as well as changing from black and white to colour for seemingly no reason at all.i must, however, commend mr hopkins for his choice of actors in this movie (some of whom portray multiple characters). all of those involved throw themselves into their roles, even if they probably have no idea what they're actually doing. my favourite here was christian slater's thug in a hat who was impressively menacing whilst babbling nonsense and singing the american national anthem. anthony hopkins has been quoted saying that he did this movie as a joke and that's possibly the best way to sum up "slipstream". it's a joke on the audience. you'll watch it from beginning to end, trying to understand what is going on and hoping that the answer will come, only to discover that the answer never actually does. what the punchline to this particular joke is, only anthony hopkins will ever know.i mentioned david lynch earlier and i'm a big fan of that particular director. i would guess that anthony hopkins shares my love for the likes of "twin peaks", "blue velvet" and "lost highway". however, "slipstream" isn't as satisfying as any of the movies of lynch despite imitating many of his techniques (although i was surprised to discover that nobody talks backwards in "slipstream"). it's far too chaotic and random - as another reviewer here pointed out, it's the movie version of alzheimer's disease. no doubt there are a small number out there who are able to watch this and draw something from it. unfortunately for the rest of us, "slipstream" quickly becomes an annoying and confusing experience that was only made due to hopkins' involvement.watch at your own risk.

what hopkins does succeed at with this effort as writer and director is giving us a sense that we know absolutely no one in the film. however, perhaps therein lies the problem. his movie has a lot of ambition and his intentions were obviously complex and drawn from very deep within, but it's so impersonal. there are no characters. we never know who anyone is, thus there is no investment on our part.it could be about a screenwriter intermingle with his own characters. is it? maybe. by that i don't mean that slipstream is ambiguous; i mean that there is no telling. hopkins's film is an experiment. on the face of it, one could make the case that it is about a would-be screenwriter, who at the very moment of his meeting with fate, realizes that life is hit and miss, and/or success is blind chance, as he is hurled into a "slipstream" of collisions between points in time, dreams, thoughts, and reality. nevertheless, it is so unremittingly cerebral that it leaves no room for any hint of emotion, even to the tiny, quite rudimentary extent of allowing us a connection with its characters.i didn't think the nippy and flamboyant school of shaky, machine-gun-speed camera-work and editing disengaged me, but reflecting upon the film i am beginning to realize that it had a lot to do with it. there are so many movies of the past decade in which the cuts or camera movement have sound effects as well as other atmosphere-deteriorating technical doodads. i suppose in this case it was justified in that its purpose was to compose the impressionistic responsiveness of dreams. however, i knew barely anything about slipstream when watching it, and i came out the same way. and i just do not care, because hopkins made no effort to make us care. there are interactive movies, and there are movies that sit in a rocking chair and knit, unaware of your presence. slipstream is the latter.

why did i waste 1.5 hours of my life watching this? why was this film even made? why am i even commenting on this film?one reviewer said this film took patience to watch and it was n't for everybody. i cannot figure out who this movie is for. maybe after dropping a hit of acid, somebody, somewhere could watch this and make some sense out of it. it is incoherent, it isn't experimental, it's plain and simple garbage. the film follows no plot line whatsoever, just when you think you have something, well.....you don't. i think the ending brought some finality to the film (no pun intended), the viewer gets a glimpse of what might have been going on. i don't think i put a spoiler in here, not that it would matter. this film is another must miss in the world of filmdom.

a confused mess from start to finish. like they used to say about the beatles'songs, there was a secret message if you played the lp backward. if one had the patience to watch this films scenes from finish to start, you'd come away with the same degree of disappointment.apart from all of this psychedelic hodge podge of flashbacks and false starts, the clearest characters were the movie backers, out for revenge if the movie didn't get sorted. there was nothing to like about these two either. overacting, shouting and threats were delivered in comic book fashion. i think one dimensional was an overstatement.okay, so maybe the artsy types are rolling their eyes reveling in the fact that unlike them, we plebeians just didn't get it. well i'm afraid there was nothing to get. and the two cardinal sins of any bad movie carried from start to finish. a non-existent and pathetic story line if you want to call it that, and by far the worst, not a single character you cared about in the least.

unless you are geeky film student who has to see everything, this film will not only be a waste of your time and money and a huge disappointment, but it will also make you angry beyond belief.there might be a story worth telling somewhere inside, but hopkins decided to hide it and encode under so many incessant chaotic layers of apparently random audio video microcuts, making the viewer's patience run thin after a very short while.why would someone like hopkins choose such a heavy, most difficult and highly unstable project as his first script, first score and third film can by anyones guess. maybe he played with it in his mind for such a long time until it became unrecognizable as what it became, not even for himself. the result proves that he has by far not enough experience or skill to achieve the desired result.even the weirdest carpenter and lynch films, to name just two uncoventional filmmakers, had 90% more coherence, 95% less characters and 99% more story flow.sir anthony you aimed for the stars, but unfortunately missed by a couple of light years. please stick to acting, in that department you are a unequaled giant and nobody should ask more from you, not even yourself!

you know this is gonna be a cheesy movie when:1. it was made it the 50's 2. it's in black and white. 3. it has no name actors! 4. screaming makes up for the lack of special effects!well not to be outdone - this movie brilliantly incorporated all four of the above elements to turn this into a true cinematic blunder.okay - shhhhh but i am gonna discuss special effects here - or lack of them - did you catch the underwater scenes? it looks like it was poorly filmed through an aquarium - note the cape flapping in the breeze.and the repeated re-use of stock footage, (exterior house shots, the bridges scenes -- great enhanced the k-r-a-f-tiness of this film - not since "plan 9" - have i seen such creative usage of stock footage.and hey where there was a lack of special effects - not to worry - screaming does take the place of special effects in this movie as well. yes this movie even cleverly used that old hack trick.grab the popcorn - set your brain on stun (several fermented beverages definitely helps), sit back, and wonder: why the heck did they put this on film again?wayno

....ripoff of a dozen better films. particularly steven martin's "la story", which at least had the grace to be obviously fictional even though it starred his then-girlfriend playing his girlfriend in the film.yes, naive boys and girls, "20 dates" is a mockumentary, although i am not absolutely certain that was myles berkowitz's intent when he started. my impression is that he started the project semi-seriously, then quickly realized that it would be pathetic and not funny unless he made the situations more and more ridiculous. as a result, the whole thing has an uneasy, cheap and insincere feeling about it.as someone smartly pointed out, the film has two of the "dates" suing and putting restraining orders on myles and yet they appear in the film, which would be impossible as it would require a consent form. it also appears to me that the majority of women who appear as "the dates" are professional actresses (albiet not famous ones, excepting tina carrere) -- they are simply too obviously pretty, polished, thin and comfortable in front of the camera to be average civilians.mr. berkowitz makes a classic error in only casting this kind of very pretty thin actress, instead of utilizing a variety of believable women, which might have made the premise (even in a mockumentary) more believable and funnier. he also skates over what is probably his real-world problem, and which is that both the movie character and the real world myles berkowitz appear to be functionally unemployed (his real life imdb credits are practically non-existent, excepting this film). even in the world of the movie, his ex-wife divorced him for never being employed. i think the viewer (let alone mr. berkowitz's real life dates) are deserving of an explanation of he manages to live in one of the most expensive urban environments in the us, in a luxury apartment, driving a fancy car and eating out at pricey restaurants when he doesn't seen to have any source of income whatsoever. (is he drug dealer? living off his rich parents? no clue!)you can get away with most anything in a film, if the jokes are really funny. "20 dates" is painfully, embarrassingly un-funny. mr. berkowitz's idea of a joke is to have his character, while on restaurant dates, announce to his companions how the food served is likely to give him either diarrhea or constipation -- the worst kind of childish potty humor.it is not very surprising to discover that mr. berkowitz never made a film before "20 dates" and in the last 8 years, has not made a single film, appeared as an actor in anyone else's film or had a writing or producing credit of any kind. my gut instinct tells me that this film was not financed by "elie" (the gangster money man who appears off-camera) but more likely by mr. berkowitz's affluent parents, or perhaps represents a shocking abuse of credit cards. whichever it was, we can all rest easy that we are unlikely to have to see myles berkowitz or any of his creative efforts ever again. hallelujah!!!

i went to a screening of this movie and while it had a couple moments that made me laugh, it had some very major flaws. it first of all presents itself to be the humorous exploits of a real-life divorcee trying to find love in la. what it morphs into is a depressing, narcissistic, and unfunny romp through the history of the film director's love life and professional life. jokes wear thin quickly and you find yourself suddenly not caring how this man's dates progress. the ridiculousness is that the director simultaneously presents himself as an extremely annoying and heavily flawed character and then expects us to be concerned.

the movie is pretty funny and involving for about four dates, then it becomes a blatant commercial for some guy you (and even his "friends") really can't stand. it is a pretty interesting concept; film dates on a quest to find true love in modern la. the problem is that it feels incredibly (and badly) scripted at times and blatantly self-promoting. it is difficult to care about and be drawn into any of the characters because the writer/actor is so egotistical, uncool, untrue, and simply unlikeable. you end up feeling sorry for his dates.

filmed in a documentary style, but you can pretty well tell participants had been coached. a recently divorced wannabe film maker(myles berkowitz)sees a chance to liven up his love life and step into the movie biz at the same time. he intends to make a documentary piece about finding love by filming twenty dates including ramifications. the comedy is spotty at best; the rest is mishap after mishap. also taking part are richard arlook, robert mckee and the enticing elisabeth wagner. trying for credibility the fetching tia carrere is talked into a cameo. this will suffice as a handbook on how not to get a satisfactory date.

while bondarchuk was by no means a young man when he was commissioned to work on this project, he was still a novice director with only a single pictures, a successful adaptation of a short wwii story, to his name. bondarchuk of course had already been an established acting star for a decade but thespian skills mean little behind the camera, and as a director he was woefully unprepared to undertake a production of such scale. and it shows through muddled shot compositions especially apparent in group scenes, often unfortunate camera positions, performances of wildly varying quality for the director was apparently so overwhelmed by the sheer magnitude of the task actors were apparently left to their own devices, awkward voiceovers that sound like radio broadcast announcements.vidor's "war and peace" was probably the main reason that prompted the soviet government to spare no expense on this production. the ussr release of the vidor's picture made quite a splash. certainly, bondarchuk wanted to emulate the greatest strength of the hollywood film and find his own audrey. his final choice, lyudmila savelyeva, a big-eyed sprightly dark-haired thing indeed somewhat resembles hepburn. unfortunately she was a kirov ballet dancer without neither acting experience nor talent, so unsurprisingly the most kind word that i can find to describe her performance is "awful".though it might be expected that soviet actors, speaking the same language as tolstoy's characters, would have better understanding of them than foreigners but this war and peace often proves that not to be the case. the revolutionary upheaval swept away the thin upper layer of russian cultural soil, that the world of war and peace grown out of, so a good share of these big name soviet actors involved in this production often look as clueless as americans performing shakespeare ( i don't mean of course that american actors can't possibly play shakespeare credibly, but you'll know what i mean if you witnessed american members of the cast in branagh's adaptations). of the three main characters only bondarchuk's pierre is commendable, but even he was too old for the part and feels out of place in the early going.

i'm probably not giving this movie a fair shake, as i was unable to watch all of it. perhaps if i'd seen it in a theater, in its original presentation, i might have appreciated it, but it's far too slow-moving for me.i read the book some 25 years ago and the details of the plot have faded from memory. this did not help the film, as it's something less than vivid and clear in its presentation of events.this is really four linked films, or a film in four parts, and was, i believe, intended to be seen over four nights in a theatrical presentation. i found part i to be enjoyable enough, but it was all i could do to sit through part ii, which drags interminably. reading tolstoy's philosophizing is one thing. if you get a good translation or can read it in the original, his brilliant writing far outweighs any issues one might have with the pace of the story. on film, however, it's hard to reproduce without being ponderous.i have other issues with the parts of the film that i saw. it's very splashy, with a lot of hey-ma-look-at-this camera work that calls attention to itself, instead of serving to advance the story.clearly, i'm missing something, but i just couldn't summon the enthusiasm to crank up parts iii and iv.

this is not a commentary on the actual movie, but on the ruscico dvd release for north america. i don't know if there have been different releases and updates, but the disks we rented had a 2000 copyright on them, if that means anything. anyway, the sound mixing on these dvd's was absolutely horrible. the levels often yo-yo-ed up and down; when the scene cut to a battlefield panorama, the orchestral track would thunder so loudly that i didn't know which would blow out first -- my eardrums or my speakers. when it was time for dialog, the volume would usually drop to something barely audible. occasionally, the orchestra and foley-work would stay loud while the dialog was superimposed at a much lesser level. my wife and i found that the only way we could watch this movie at all from these dvd's was if one of us kept a hand on the remote to continuously modulate the volume. and, like another user has already commented, when we selected english audio the dialog kept switching back and forth between russian and english; and occasionally when the characters spoke in french on the native track the dubbing was in russian, so you're sol if you understand neither. ultimately, we gave up watching after the first disk. before you fork out $50+ for this movie on dvd for your own library, i'd heartily recommend getting your hands on a rental copy to see whether you can really enjoy this epic flick when burdened by such bad sound, particularly if you've never read the book and really want to understand the storyline.

please take a minute to read my entire review. i am not knocking the film itself - only the dvd versions currently available.***i really wanted to give this film even two stars. i mean how could it possibly rank a mere 1 out of 10!?!here's how: an epic film adaptation of tolstoy's novel "war and peace" with historically accurate battle scenes, courtesy of the red army, and an extremely faithful, scene-for-scene adaptation of the novel would be difficult but worth sitting through for seven hours - if that's what you were seeing.the trouble is you can't see that film - anywhere as far as i know.i am attempting to watch the ruscico dvd version - widely considered the best version available since it's letter boxed and restores the scenes that were cut from other dvd releases. but, it is one of the worst film prints i've ever seen transfered to dvd. the picture is muddy and inconsistent, often strobing. it's almost tolerable if you crank your brightness, color and picture levels up to maximum.... but the problem doesn't end there.the sound is also way inconsistent, blaringly loud in parts, virtually inaudible in others. and as for languages, it's a huge problem for english speakers - the dubbed option has some good actors, and some really terrible ones whose performance grates, and parts of the film just aren't dubbed at all, slipping back into russian and even french randomly.the subtitled option isn't much better. the subtitles don't appear below the image, but right over it - obscuring some of the beauty (or what's left of it) in the scenery. furthermore, the subtitles are often a poor translation (a shame given that the script took pains to hew so close to tolstoy's actual words), and the subtitles too seem to just drop out in parts. so, even if you max out the color, brightness and picture settings, and turn the volume way up, and choose subtitled *and* english dubbed, you're still going to get a film that's annoying to watch and listen to.can it's content overcome that? it might have been able to, but at seven hours - who can stand it for that long?maybe someday, someone will come along and restore this - and maybe then i will see a masterpiece - but for now, i just can't give more than one star to something i've only been able to stand watching about the first 12% of.

the angry red planet (quickie review) like "the man from planet x," this is a bizarre science fiction tale culled from an era where fantasy and science fiction were still damn near the same thing. meaning, we have some highly laughable special effects and rampant pseudo-science masquerading as science fiction. and yes, it's another "classic" released in a high quality transfer with a crisp picture and sharp sound--by midnite movies.so, the main reason to watch this film? oh, it's definitely the whole time our space crew is on mars. (what, you thought "angry red planet" referred to neptune?) prior to that is some rather poor quality space crew boarding a space ship, inside of which they smoke and toss around sexist chauvinistic banter aimed at the "puny female" member of the crew. it'd be somewhat offensive by today's standards if it weren't so damn funny. but mars is the real reason we're watching this thing. the film is generally black and white, but mars, well mars is screaming bloody red. it's filmed in this bizarre red plasticy sheen giving the angry red planet quite an interesting look of overexposed redness. it's really quite a sightas are the (ha ha) aliens viewers are to witness. the best being the "ratbatspidercrab." you think that's a joke? that's what they call it in the movie! it's a gigantic chimera (small puppet) of a thing combining traits of rats, bats, spiders, and crabs. it bounds along all puppety and scares the sh*t out of our "heroic crew." there are other weird, and poorly imagined, aliens to be seen, but that one takes the cake. eventually, after their harrowing experience on mars, the sexist crew boards their "ship" and returns to whatever planet it was they came from.this ain't for everyone. science fiction film buffs & curiosity seekers, and some general film buffs. fans of mystery science theater 3000 will have a field day with this one (if they never got to it on the show).2/10 modern score, 6/10 nostalgia score, 4/10 overall.(www.residenthazard.com)

i gave this movie a 2, and though i consider myself a science fiction fan, i found this movie very difficult to take seriously. it was on amc one late night, and i'm glad i saw it for free. this movie is probably good for a few laughs, but not much more.the special effects are about average for the time period - not awful, but not great, either. of course we know more about mars now than we did back then, but we really can't hold that against this film. the main reason i did not like this movie is because of the story.there were several parts of this movie that i wish would have been explored in a little more detail - the astronaut's injury/condition, the city on mars, the creature in the lake, etc. overall, the movie is much like a lengthy episode of the 1960s version of the outer limits - complete with a cheesy ending.

hopelessly inept and dull movie in which the characters stand around in rooms or a rocket ship and talk endlessly. you might think things would perk up when they explore mars but these scenes are filmed through a heavy red/orange filter which makes everything very murky. the martian landscape/vegetation consists mainly of drawings and the monsters are entirely unconvincing. there are echoes of 'bride of the monster' when the heroine carefully winds the octopus like tentacle of a flesh eating plant around her before weakly thrashing about, the difference being that the ed wood film is a hundred times more entertaining. better wear earplugs when watching otherwise the 'sci-fi' music score, repeated endlessly, will drive you insane. if you find yourself unable to sleep one night just slip this one into the vcr and your insomnia will be cured in no time.

surely no saturday morning tv kids' show was ever done this poorly. after all, those producers had to count on the audience coming back. well, in this awful offering, they could at least count the money they saved on sets. the script could have been a reject from some long-forgotten space opera serial, with a few smarmy lines added for cool-dude gerald mohr to murmur to naura hayden. no director could have done anything decent with such a loony storyline, so the action just plods boringly along. the spaceship props are absurd--a bulova wall clock and portable typewriter, for example--but the planet sets have got to be some of the worst in cinematic history. most are crude drawings, and it's all bathed in an often misfocused red light. even mohr's bare hairy chest is used as a prop. and it's a bad one--as rib-thin as the plot. any viewer who can make it to the end of this movie will hear a message from the martians--and will probably agree completely!

very bad but watchable science fiction film that suffers from abominable special effects, poor acting, and a ridiculous story. the film opens with a spaceship returning from exploration on mars with a woman and a man with green slime on his arm. she, through some hokey plot contrivances, begins to tell what happened on this fateful trip as almost all the tapes seemed to be magnetically wiped off. four astronauts take on this journey: a military type played by gerald mohr, a poor man's humphrey bogart who enjoys saying the word "irish" and has the acting savvy of a codfish, then there is naura hayden, a beautiful redhead and only female crew member on flight with three men wearing the most formfitting suits possible to accentuate all her curves, next, les tremaine, a wonderful character actor from cheap sci-fi films like this as the egghead, and last, jack kruschen as sammy - the guy from brooklyn with jokes and doesn't seem too bright although chosen for his expertise in electronics. none of these performers are really any good, and all of them say their dialog with little conviction. watch tremaine as he utters that scientific nonsense! really, the best out of the four is kruschen - and that really says a lot about this film. but bad acting aside, the movie just falls apart when they land on mars via flashback. the angry red planet had a real cheap budget because mars is really the american southwest with a heavy red tint over it. when the story calls for something that might look martian, there are drawings placed with a heavy red tint over them. you can tell they are drawings the monsters are perhaps even worse as we get a bat-rat-spider with a size upwards of 40 feet that looks like some kids got together piecing dead animals together. the other significant creature is a giant amoeba with an oscillating eye. whew! these are bad. there is a nice drawing of a martian city, but there just was not enough of this in the film. despite all these big problems, the angry red planet is a fun bad film. it is really fascinating to see how far we have come as a civilization. most of the stuff they used in the movie is so outdated. one guy is using an electric razor with a cord and i thought they can get to mars but they are still using cords. director ib melchior gives an interesting look to much of the film even with the budgetary constraints, but the story by him and sid pink doesn't fly. and how bout that ending with the music and the psychedelic colors? groovy man!

it's so sad that romanian audiences are still populated with vulgar and uneducated individuals who relish this kind of cheap and demonstrative shows, as superficial and brutal as the "garcea" series or the "vacanta mare" child-plays... the difference is that mugur mihäescu, doru octavian dumitru and other such sub-artisans never presume to claim their shows as "art". pintilie, who 40 years ago made a very good movie ("duminicä la ora sase") followed by another one, nice enough ("reconstituirea"), tries to declare his film-lenghts "art works" - but, unfortunately, he masters at a way too limited level the specifically cinematographic means of expression. as such, "niki ardelean" offers again a sample of "how not" - this being about its only merit.

a drama at its very core, "anna" displays that genuine truth that all actors age, and sometimes, fade away. anna is a character that believes america is her safety net, her home, and it can do her no wrong  but she refuses to belittle herself to do work she doesn't believe in. she is hard-nosed, optimistic, stubborn, and arrogant when it comes to her life, yet not afraid to let others in, yet drop them at a moments notice. anna flip-flops between personalities, which makes this film ideal of an aging star, but not idea of the viewing audience. "anna" has been praised for its star sally kirkland, and her ability to get "grungy" for the role, but a month into 2008, "anna" does not remain a staple of film culture. it is dated, dull, and formulaically chaotic.director yurek bogayevicz has a message hidden within "anna" about the falsehoods of czechoslovakia, both politically and socially, but kirkland refuses to let them upstage her. bogayevicz is not afraid to play with the camera, to use wooden frames to allow kirkland to stand out, and he is not afraid to lessen the surrounding characters so that when you walk away from the film, it is kirkland you remember. if it isn't obvious, this film didn't sit well with me. from the opening of the first act and deep within the second, "anna" felt like a high school theater production. the characters were non-existent, there was no enlightening pre-story, and there was no definition of time or place. there was sally kirkland, stubbornly saying that she is better than the other actresses vying for the same lifestyle that she wants. randomly she encounters a friend, a young girl that has also traveled a long distance to get to america for the glitz and glamour, and two of them (within the span of 20 minutes) build a friendship that could break all walls. it is emotionally boring and unbelievable. again, randomly, we meet anna's boyfriend daniel (played by the weak robert fields), who brings nothing to the table in terms of definition or character  only to boost the attention onto kirkland's anna. through the course of nearly two hours, we watch as more random acts coupled with unnamed characters intertwine together to feebly create a story that is held together by loose threads  and sally kirkland. arg, it pains me to continue to say this but "anna" could have been a fantastic film had bogayevicz presented equal time between anna, daniel, and krystina, but instead we are forced into a one-sided game where emotional scenes speak louder than plot.is this where charlize theron found inspiration for her beauty-less role in "monster", or halle berry in "monster's ball"? was sally kirkland one of the early actresses discover that by letting themselves go for a character oscar will shine in their direction? throughout this film i was disgusted by kirkland's portrayal of anna, and bogayevicz's lack of excitement for anything else fluent. bogayevicz gives us an anna that doesn't work hard for her parts, doesn't care for others, and is generally mean spirited  yet we are to feel sympathy for her? near the beginning of the film, she forces what she wants to do onto others, and gets upset when she doesn't get her way. sure, aging actresses my have that appeal to them, but kirkland creates a more childish character instead of a mature one. that is where "anna" could have improved. if this was a mature kirkland, i would have gobbled it up, but this stammering childish anna was impossible to believe. while my favorite scene was near the end where anna goes to watch one of her older films playing (included is absurd make-out characters) and the film burns, this scene is also one of my least favorite. anna has made a phenomenal life for herself, creating films and building the dream, yet when anyone else wants to enter that spotlight, she gets jealous and outraged. this didn't make for a character i wanted to stand behind nor win oscars. coupled with the classic 80s background synthesizer, the outrageous over-the top wardrobe, and the displaced ending (where did that come from and what happened??)  "anna" slipped far in the scope of amazing cinema. it was a show-piece, an opportunity for an aging star to yell at the world one more time. in this one it worked, but i don't think i will be fooled again.overall, i cannot say that i was impressed with this film. "anna" is not a film about an aging film star; it is about sally kirkland, and only sally kirkland. bogayevicz tries to do more with the story, but fails either because kirkland will not allow him or he just realizes that there isn't enough to support a full story. there are one or two decent scenes in this film, but nothing that promotes this film as innovative or influential. bogayevicz did not create a character that audiences would believe, tear up for, or dedicate a sunday afternoon with  he created an annoyance. kirkland wasn't anna, she was an actress playing her a bit overdone and crusty on the sides. perhaps i missed the scope of this film, but what makes films like this work is the cooperation of everyone involved. that wasn't the case here. in "anna", kirkland orders daniel to act like a dog (apparently as a symbolic act) and yet during the entire emotional scene, i couldn't help but think that was what kirkland was like to those on the set. she didn't make this into a film, she transformed it into her own production, and because of it "anna" failed. i cannot suggest this to anyone  from one czech to another  skip it! grade: * ½ out of ***** (for that pesky theater scene that creeped me out)

this is one of the weakest soft porn film around. i can't believe somebody wrote this stupid story before making some changes. the guy mike is a major wimp and moron i can't believe he didn't want to take a shower with his bride-to-be toni and be in a threesome with the french photographer jan. he does do a threesome with toni and kristi but that was short i hate that every time in soft core porn films threesomes between a woman, a man, and a woman is short but a girl-girl thing is about an hour. to the makers of these films have the threesomes alot longer this film should've have two threesome scenes not one but two.

ok, anyone who could honestly say that this movie was great or even good is either delusional or knows the director, writer and producers and is trying to boost the buzz on this film. i watched the movie because a friend of mine worked on it and it was horrible. i'm an actress and have worked in the industry for a while now on big films and even independents and this movie bored me to tears. the reason i'm being so harsh is because this film was clearly a different take on "of mice and men" and they should sue because it is such a horrible rip-off of the story. in an industry where hollywood seems to be creatively bankrupt...for someone to take a classic book and film "of mice and men" and destroy it with a new spin bugs me so much. the actors, the accents, the dialog and the direction were amateurish and the writing was dismal. i mean if your going to take a new spin on an existing story make sure its just as good or better than the original to make the new spin justified. did not like this movie at all.

i think this would have been a much better film if the cajuns had been portrayed in a more believable light. my family is from the southeast region of louisiana and i live in southeast texas (about 20 miles from lake charles). i have never heard the people i grew up around talk like these folks did. the cajuns were portrayed as backwards rednecks. most of the cajuns i know are well educated, proud people and don't sound uneducated at all when they talk the way these people did. all in all it was an ok movie, with great scenery and music. i understand that the writers were from lake charles, and have knowledge of the area, but for the love of all things cajun, please have the actors study the language, live amongst the people you are portraying and get an all around understanding of how they are before you go trying to act like them. in my opinion, when the actors make you believe they are that person, it's a much more enjoyable movie!

this is absolutely the worst movie i've seen all year.first, i will say that the acting was very good, and by all of the cast.this was apparently meant to be very offbeat, and in that regard it succeeded. by the same token, the story revolves around a self-centered wannabe, who is a clueless, talentless chronic liar, whose source of self confidence comes from a pair of leather slippers.this was worse than watching a car wreck.

this was a strange kind of film about a low-lifes in new york city and centering around a main character (the title name, played by brad pitt) who thinks he''s a ricky nelson-type musician, except he has no real talent. it's kind of fun to watch until a profane tough new york city-type woman with horrible accent enters the picture and takes over. that ruined the film for me. it must have been catherine keener, who usually plays tough and garbage-mouthed women. the hairdo on pitt - an exaggerated pompadour - was fun to look at. i can picture johnny depp playing this role better. one last note: it odd to hear a film made in 1992 (other than woody allen's) with just mono sound.

i just saw this movie, and i have to say that it was a big waste of time. the girl who played eva (ellen fjaestad) can't act at all. she read her lines very un-naturally, and she had a very un-natural facial expression through the entire movie. rosanna munter who played petra on the other hand, is a natural. she played her part with great perfection.spoilers! the story was simple - we've seen it many, many times before. she breaks up, he finds another, she get jealous, he breaks up with the other girl and they end up back together in the end. there were no surprises at all, one knew that eva would break up, and that adam would "hook up" with petra. the only thing that nobody saw coming was that petra told adam to go after eva at the party. she became all serious, which is a side of petra the viewers hadn't seen earlier in the movie, and told him to win eva's heart back, which was really cute.besides rosanna munter, there isn't a single actor who gives a memorable performance.this is a mediocre movie with mediocre actors, so i don't recommend it!

usually, i don't think hollywood productions are fit to be called film, so i call them 'movies' instead. but this piece of elephant manure, is not even fit to be called a movie, hence the quotes in the title.where shall i start? 1. if this isn't the start of geriatric casting, it sure is the epitome of it. stefanie powers is supposed to play someone even less than half her age, she's supposed to play an 18 year old, and she is forty effing two!!!! 2. a horrible and stupid mindless portrayal of paris and france, where we see cliché characters such as: the sympathetic grumpy shop owner, the bitchy queen of models, the fairy god mother ex-queen of models, etc. this film is surpassed only in this respect by the da vinci code, (which reviewers correctly determined was a comedy). 3. it's highly and utterly ridiculous to have no nudity in a film about a time and a place where nudity was so common place, especially if the whole focus is about that4. the horrible accents!!! 5. the nana mouskouri elevator-music!!!i could go on, but i think this is enough. and i was able to make these observations after watching this crap for just half an hour, while surfing the internet and talking to my friends about math equations ... i mean ...!!!!!i invite everyone to add to my list. :) :p :d

the only redeeming quality of this overlong miscast melodrama is the scenery of southern france and the voice of nana mascouri singing the theme song. stephanie powers is miscast and betrayed by a phony accent. as has been pointed out, she is too old to play an 18 year old and looks far too young as a grandmother with a college age granddaughter? lee remick is good although she also is ageless in her later years. the talented joanna lumley is under utilized and also manages to look forever young when her middle aged son (robert urich) finally marries grandma stephanie powers. stacey keach's ceaseless arrogance makes you wonder what these women saw in him. don't know how any viewer could relate to his excessive portrayal? the most credible performance is given by ian richardson, who makes the rest of the cast look like rank amateurs. it strains credulity that the handsome male suitors in this epic would remain ever single while they patiently await the subject of their affections to finally consent to accept them. can anybody believe that handsome robert urich would remain single for decades waiting for stephanie powers to finally accept his endless marriage proposals? the ww2 engagement between the wehrmacht and the marquis is laughable. to begin with, the germans did not occupy the provence section of france until late in the war, it was controlled by the vichy french puppet government. we see the french resistance staging a daylight raid on mistral's villa to steal sheets after which they all lounge under a bridge waiting for a lumbering truckload of nazi troops to surprise and annihilate them? if you want to see a well acted mini-series set in a foreign country, don't watch mistral's daughter. a far better alternative would be the thorn birds.

this gets a two because i liked it as a kid, but it became so redundant that i just started to hate it... i can't give this a descriptive review because it would be restating one thing after the other, i probably wouldn't say anything that everyone else didn't say already.the only other thing about this show is that it's pretty nasty, with the kid with the boil to that twisted babysitter to the stupidity that runs around and about in it. i have a cousin that loves this show and he's the strangest and dumbest person i have met. this show should be pulled from the air. it's always the same thing over and over... they need to put better shows on nick. i'm getting really really tired of stuff like this.

i really hate this retarded show, it sucks! big time, and personally i think it is insulting to fairy kind (if you believe in fairies that is); i mean the people who had come up with such crap 'ought to have their heads examine huh? and also there is a lot of craziness (the evil school teacher, which i think is getting really old) and also stupidity (the boy's parents and fairy godfather) in this show - two of the things that i dispised and loathe in the whole world (especially stupidity).overall, i say that this show is so f*****' annoying and should not be seen by prying eyes at all (it would make'em bleed to death)!

there are some redeeming qualities to this show. one is that the theme tune does have a decent melody. the show does have a nice premise. also, i am probably in the minority, but i like wanda. i like the fact she is caring, and is more a mother figure to timmy. however, despite all this, i do not like this show, it isn't excrement but i do find it very annoying.i wouldn't say that it is the best animated show on planet earth. when i use that term for an animated tv show, i think of peter pan and the pirates, i think of darkwing duck, i think of scooby doo and i think of talespin. and i hope i am not the only one who really likes the wild thornberrys and resent the fact it gets poked fun at. nor do i think fairly odd parents is the worst animated show on planet earth. i accept it's annoying, and in some ways overrated, but it isn't the worst show on nickolodean. that is chalk zone, god that show is unwatchable. but the worst animated show i've ever seen is shaggy and scooby doo:get a clue, which is crudely animated, unfunny and frankly a disgrace.one thing i don't like about this show is the animation. the characters, forgive me if i offend, have very weird facial features, and a lot of the backgrounds are dull and lack the colour that make spongebob squarepants and wild thornberrys so nice to look at. the characters with the exception of wanda i find very annoying. i can't believe such a talented voice actress like tara strong(aka. charendoff) voiced timmy. timmy i don't find very likable as a lead character at all, he is annoying and sometimes patronising, and he is a poor decision maker as well. and his voice gets on my nerves. i actually like strong but not in this show. another annoying character is cosmo, the supposedly funny character. instead, his jokes are as unfunny as they could become. they are either a) contrived, or b) over familiar. timmy's parents are awful characters, who don't give a toss about their son, and their personalities wear well thin.the story lines are very unoriginal on the most part, and i keep thinking, where have i seen this before. the episodes after the arrival of the baby i thought were unwatchable. even worse is the scripts, very unfunny, childish, witless and suffer from a complete lack of energy.all in all, not the worst show ever, but pretty poor for an animation fan, and fairly uncomfortable to sit through. 3/10- there are redeeming qualities, and i completely understand if people like it. bethany cox

during the first 3 seasons fairly odd parents was as tasty as hard candy, bright and sweet and addictive. now it's as tasty as pepto-bismol. and unfortunately pepto-bismol is what you'll need after viewing the more recent episodes, where all the sweetness has been replaced by insults and violence resulting in no laughs. cosmo, once one of the more endearing nick characters, has devolved into an abusive unfunny cretin that the cast of family guy wouldn't even want to know. timmy has become a selfish arrogant jerkwad that bart simpson would happily beat the snot out of (and given timmy's snottiness, that would take a lot of beating). and poor wanda...a real charmer who's become the victim of her husband and godchild, she's now labeled a "nag" for caring about the well-being of others. plus cosmo's stupidity causes pain to everyone else but he's never punished for it, nor does he learn any lessons. which pretty much sums up butch hartman's attitude towards kids: they're crude, vulgar and not too bright. thank god this crummy toon has been cancelled, along with butch hartman's darling, danny phantom. at least butch got what he deserved - unlike cosmo.

seriously, the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind. this show isn't funny, it isn't clever, it isn't original, it's just a steaming pile of bull crap. let me start with the characters. the characters are all one-dimensional morons with loud, exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard. the voice acting could've been better. then there's the animation. my god, it hurts my eyes just looking at it. everything is too flat, too pointy, too bright, and too candy coated. then there's the humor, or lack thereof. it's completely idiotic! they just take these b-grade jokes that aren't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death. they also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me. and finally, last and least, the music. it's just plain annoying. it sounds like it was composed on a child's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever. i wish there was a score lower than 1, i really do. this show seriously needs to be canceled. it's a show i try to avoid like the plague. whenever i hear the theme song i immediately turn the tv off. if you've never watched this show then don't. watch quality programming like the simpsons or futurama.

i first started watching this show probably around the year of 2003 or 2004 with my friends. of course, at the time i was younger and enjoyed some of the jokes on this show. i was 11 in 2003, and i am 14 now (2007). though my age probably plays a major role in how i judge this show, after reading other's reviews, i have come to see that after the third season, this show went down the tubes. i agree. this show is obnoxious, repetitive and usually focuses on the same plot.the show revolves around timmy turner, who was granted two fairy godparents because basically his life was horrible - his parents were never around, and he had a nasty baby-sitter. the plot of the entire show is that this kid (timmy) and his godparents always wish up some destruction that cannot be prevented by making another wish, because something in "da rules" says they can't. the show has a lot of lines that keep being repeated, like "magic cannot break true love, super toilet" or even just some scummy jokes lines that nickelodeon probably thought was funny and decided to put in the episode various times.the show is aimed at kids younger than 10, because it involves gross situations and "kid humor" that most kids of my age wouldn't care for. the character voice selection could've been better too. timmy has an extremely loud, shrill, feminine voice as does cosmo. wanda sounds like an old lady. timmy's dad sounds like some announcer or game show host, timmy's mom's voice is too exaggerated to sound feminine. attitudes in this show are: in some episodes, timmy talks back and acts spoiled and snobbish. wanda apparently is smart and wise. cosmo is stupid, dumb and incapable of thinking as is timmy's dad. timmy's mom seems to end up doing whatever timmy's dad does.the show is too far flung from reality to get my likings anymore. maybe as a younger kid, i could see more of the humor in this show, but as i grow up, it really grows old. and not to sound conceded or "trashing" but the show does have that mentality that makes you want to commit homicidal activity towards the characters. a show like this just has to be your attitude, if you know what i mean. if not, it basically disgusts you.

*spoilers and extreme bashing lay ahead*when this show first started, i found it tolerable and fun. fairly oddparents was the kind of cartoon that kids and adults liked. it also had high ratings along with spongebob. but it started to fall because of the following crap that butch hartman and his team shoved into the show.first off, toilet humor isn't all that funny. you can easily pull off a fast laugh from a little kiddie with a burp, but that's pretty much the only audience that would laugh at such a cliché joke. next there are the kiddie jokes. lol we can see people in their underwear and we can see people cross-dressing. lololol!!! i just can't stop laughing at such gay bliss! somebody help me! but of course, this show wouldn't suck that bad if it weren't for stereotypes. did you see how the team portrayed australians? they saw them as nothing but kangaroo-loving, boomerang-throwing simpletons who live in a hot desert. but now... is the coup de grace of why this show truly sucks the loudest of them all... over-used jokes!!! the show constantly pulls up the same jokes (the majority of them being unfunny) thinking it is like the greatest thing ever! cosmo is mostly the one to blame. i hated how they kept on mentioning "super toilet" (which also has a blend of kiddish humor in it just as well) and cosmo would freak out. and who could forget that dumb battery ram joke that every goddamn parent in dimmsdale would use in that one e-mail episode? you know, the one in which every single parent (oblivious to other parents saying it) would utter the exact same sentence before breaking into their kid's room? yes, it may be first class humor to some people, but it is pure s*** to others.if i'm not mistaken, i do believe butch hartman said something about ending the show. thank god! everyone around my area says it's, like, the funniest nickelodeon show ever. i just can't agree with it i think it's just another pile of horse dung that we get on our cartoon stations everyday, only worse.

i cannot stand this show! has there ever been even one redeeming quality, one funny punchline, or one plot line that "didn't" make the average viewer want to drown himself in a bowl of soggy cornflakes? the voices. oh, those horrible, wretched voices. akin to repeatedly dragging a set of fine cutlery across a dusty blackboard, each character is uniquely annoying in his or her aptitude for shrill, nasal vocals. cosmo sounds like a whining mongrel, vicky sounds like a stereotypical shrew, and timmy's dad makes every line sound like a bad impersonation of a game show host (guy smiley from "sesame street" comes to mind).the animation is awful; even the producers of "yu-gi-oh!" laugh at the overwhelmingly bad artwork on this show. every character has buck teeth, or a square head, or a head three sizes too big for his or her body. and what's with having the characters speak every single line wide-eyed and grinning, as though posing for a photo op with the president? then, there is the fact that every character on the show is completely moronic. not since the subtle grace of amelia bedelia, homer simpson, and buddy lembeck of "charles in charge" fame have characters been portrayed as so unrealistically dumb. usually "unrealistic" is synonymous with "unfunny", and that is most definitely the case here. there hasn't been this much slapstick based on cluelessness since "the naked gun 33 1/3"...and at least leslie nielson was good at it.finally, the premise of the show (and it's the same every single episode, so big time spoiler alert here): timmy wishes for something with his two "fairly oddparents", something goes wrong, there's always some contrived reason why he can't immediately reverse course and wish away the damage, and then everything turns out just fine in the end. oh, and on a side note, timmy's parents never believe him when he complains about vicky, and they continue to employ her at every opportunity. maybe it's just me, but it seems that a kids' show containing the subtle message that it pretty much does no good whatsoever to tell on an abusive babysitter probably isn't a great idea. if you're writing a paper and want to cite an example of just how far the quality of cartoons has fallen, "the fairly odd parents" has to be a great place to start. a prime example of television producers throwing together a worthless product aimed at kids with little or no effort simply because they know that someone somewhere will watch it.

this was god awful. the story was all over the place and more often than not i was confused because of horrible editing. i felt no sympathy for anyone because their characters were not developed enough. they were extremely superficial people with no dimension. cheesy, cheesy stereotypes with subplots that went nowhere. the stripper chick was just a distraction, even if she was decent looking. i don't know what this was attempting to be, but how shocked was i when they showed this trash on sundance? i almost cancelled my subscription. you'd think a channel like that would show more quality films. there are much, much better gay and lesbian themed films out there. "the celluloid closet" is an excellent documentary. i thoroughly enjoyed "wigstock: the movie". i'm sure there are others that have slipped my mind at the moment, but what i'm trying to say is that this just wasn't worth it. if you catch it on tv, ok, but otherwise don't bother.there were maybe three or four shots that looked really nice (sad i can count them on one hand), otherwise the cinematography was pretty crappy as well. the lighting was way off in a lot of places. i think some of the effects were used to try and add to something that just had practically nothing going for it.i can't deny johnny rebel is pretty hot (without the blond hair of course). too bad his acting did nothing for me. stick with real porn, buddy.3/10.

i wanted to see the movie because of an article in a film magazine. it wasn't a highly recommended one by the critic. the storyline is different and i am sure that it could have been a good movie if it was in right hands. directing and acting were awful!! i had the feeling of watching a movie which was made a bunch of amateurs. although the movie started promisingly, it got worse and worse. i think this is an unoriginal movie with awkward characters.. i still think that it is worth watching as i haven't seen films subjecting gay porn. don't keep your expectations high though,then you will be very disappointed. * out of *****

this is a great idea for a film but it, unfortunately, doesn't turn out to be a great movie. what starts out as a sweet and almost goofy romantic comedy about a fluffer in love with his fluffee spirals out of control into a bizarre combination of genres and a veritable stew of plots, with liberal borrowings from boogie nights, thelma and louise, showgirls, frisk, and even a curious "dash" of 400 blows thrown in towards the end. (at least the director did his research!) the result is not necessarily boring but, in the end, this slick, well-produced flick doesn't quite add up to anything. however, the actors all do a game job with the material and there are a few good laughs at the behind-the-scenes world of gay porn.

now here is a film that if made in australia would have easily been a comedy. sadly and annoyingly, here it is, flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from lala land. how did the di-erector get it so wrong? well, mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously. unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliché (but somehow cute)...or is that cliché piled upon cliché. no value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to gus van sant's gerry..... and with a title like the fluffer how is it all such a lead weight? well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he didn't get to burt and boogie first that he had to make his own. convoluted and undeveloped apart from the 'unrequited love's a bore' theme left over from a faded streisand lyric, we have only moody beefcake and tv serial level storyline left. the un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the gerries into to desert and gets stuck there. in oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called moneyshot. originally filmed as the venus factory it too suffered from an auteur more awful than orson so they re-filmed half of it, got a ruthless tv editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey-presto..comedy, tonight! a lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up. i guess the fluffer stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform, i can understand why.

a pointless movie with nothing but gratuitous violence. the only fun i had was playing "spot the location", as much of it was filmed in my home town of regina, saskatchewan. i like to support locally produced films but this one was a major disappointment.

you ever sit through a movie and after it's all over it's like one big "wtf!?". welcome to decoy. another straight to video action fodder flick you can immediately forget about having watched or better yet don't watch it at all. peter weller and robert patrick star and are quickly wasted in this going nowheres fast mercenaries-for-hire action dud where the story is pretty darn bad and the action sucks and what's the point of watching an action flick if the action blows? robert patrick in particular hits a new low in an action sequence that has him firing a machine gun while standing on the hood of a moving school bus. co-stars the ambient charlotte lewis and canada's own scott hylands (of tv's night heat fame).

charlotte's deadly beauty and lethal kicks make the movie cooler than it'd be otherwise.the story is so poor and charlotte's character dies in such a foolish way, that you wonder if this's the ending they had thought of for this movie. i wish somebody could tell that an alternative ending exists, but i fear it doesn't. as for the rest of the cst, well i'd say they simply didn't act very well; although the blame should be put on the poor script.this movie reminds me of rush hour 2 where zhang ziyi dies in absurd way, since she had been the only one who had stolen the show during the whole movie. i could give this movie 2/5

when you pick a movie i hope one factor you will consider, are the actors in the movie using their fame to influence the moral fabric of our society in a positive or negative way? this is not a political statement this is a moral issue that effects are society. when a comedian/actor makes curl sexual and racist remarks about a teenager and her father we should ask ourselves (do i want to support that behavior)? in this case mr. foxx behavior tears at the social fabric that teaches our youth right from wrong, good behavior from bad that loving-kindness is better than hatefulness. mr. foxx should remember he is only entertainment and there is a lot of that out there for us to choose from. saying sorry does not get him off the hook. it will not undue the hurt or remove the bad behavior he spreads to our youth. one way to stop this behavior is to stop being a fan of it. no longer see anything they are part of. we cannot change them but we can stop the fame we give them.

what could have been an engaging-and emotionally charged character study is totally undermined by the predictable factor. fox is ok as nathaniel ayers, the julliard trained musician who dreams of playing with the walt disney orchestra until his bouts with schizophrenia drive him into the street and ultimately skid row. looking for a good story to boost his flagging career, reporter steve lopez {robert "rehab" downey } gets to know him and tells his story. taking every element of the classic "how we hit the skids" movies, borrowing very liberally from "a beautiful mind", taking the bogus "feel good" attitude of films like "rocky"-you pick the sequel number-and whipping up too much 1930s style melodrama all that is left on the screen is a burnt out shell of a movie. it is corny, trite, utterly predictable and plays way too often on our sentiments. i hate to say it, but this is the kind of movie that, if you say you hated it, people will give you bad looks. i really wish i could say something positive about this film, but i really can't. the acting redeems it somewhat, but not enough for me to give it more than one star. strictly made for tv movie stuff. not worth your time.

anyone who has seen 'shine',scott hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist david helfgotts; will i am sure realise that 'the soloist' is very poor in comparison.it is as slow as a lullaby( i took five breaks answering emails just to wake up). the depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent, on a par i fear with the awful beach battle depiction in joe wrights other disaster attonment. .j fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset.downey on the other hand; although struggling with a badly paced film, still manages to charm,9is it me or is he turning into george clooney in more ways than one?). comparing both these well known so called 'star'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of 'shine's' geoeffry rush who's brilliant performance definitely shone far brighter in my sky. with both 'attonment' and 'the soloist' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject. read the book and articles or wait for the dvd its bound to be in the bargain basement soon.

the soloist has all ingredients to impress the academy. its director, joe wright, has already authored a best picture candidate. the leading actor, robert downey jr., starred in a widely praised superhero film. finally, the movie itself is a drama. when it was mysteriously pulled from release in late 2008, filmgoers and critics were baffled. now that i've seen it, i assure you universal didn't just delay this film to promote iron man-oscar buzz. the soloist is a weak drama with no external conflict that is vastly inferior to any 2009 best picture candidates.downey and co-star jamie fox aren't to be blamed for this mishap. joe wright is largely at fault but even he can't save a lifetime story. many movies are too complex and alienate viewers. this one is unusually simple. it's a movie about a newspaper reporter, steve lopez (downey), who befriends a homeless musician, nathaniel ayers (jamie fox). that's it. ayers is schizophrenic and doesn't resonate with lopez's traditional approach to friendship. the two become friends. they begin this movie as acquaintances and are bffs by its end. tension consists of moments like this: will ayers let lopez take him to the homeless shelter? this material would have been better suited as a made-for-tv production rather than a feature film.wright includes many scenes of cheap humor to obscure the lack of content. lopez battles yard-defiling raccoons in what i consider a sub-plot. do you remember when this happened in atonement or pride and prejudice? those films were structured enough to permit an occasional joke but nothing so prolonged. ayers' back story is fleshed out when it doesn't need to be. worst of all, these scenes are not connected and appear at random intervals. it's a way of admitting that the main story carries little appeal. nathaniel was a violin prodigy with a tough upbringing (i was too). this is a fabricated attempt to create sympathy with ayers when most of us already have it. he's a homeless schizophrenic for crying out loud! the movie somewhat conveys humanity's love for music, like amadeus and beethoven lives upstairs. it isn't as effective as either of those pictures, however. the entire film is hinged on ayers' schizophrenia. it ultimately is how he interacts with everyone else. his being a musician is a nice touch but hardly worth including. the film doesn't incorporate this characteristic fully into his persona. take music out of amadeus or beethoven lives upstairs, and no film remains. the soloist is more about friendship in general than music. nathaniel could be a writer or film critic and few lines of dialog would need to be seriously altered.this is only joe wright's third film, and his first that isn't a romance staring keira knightley. let's hope this film isn't an indication of how limited his abilities are. there are stylistic nods to his earlier works but the soloist is much weaker than either of them. in his defense, universal should not have agreed to widely release this picture. this film seems tailored for imagine entertainment (distributors of changeling). i wouldn't be so disappointed with it if had a limited release. its poor box office performance may inhibit better dramas from being distributed nationally.

this film is hardly good, not great at all. a few memorable scenes and the unlucky choice of pairing norma jean with an actual actress. jane russell has it all working for her, marilyn's lesser woman and/or actress. one can only wonder why this is considered being one of the highlights of her lame career. 3/10

evidently lots of people really like this, but i found it infantilising and reasonably offensive codswallop, saved from oblivion by jane russell and a couple of memorable musical numbers, especially the opener (but there's a marked dip in invention later on). i don't get on with monroe - she's supposed to be playing a dumb blonde who ain't that dumb, but she just comes over as dumb. russell can't quite convince when she claims never to have been in a gymnasium, but is otherwise rather wonderful. the men are staggeringly uninteresting, as is the plot. by no means atrocious, but so patchy that, if this is a classic, god help us all.

this is a movie about how men think women think about love. no woman describes a one-night sexual encounter and declares it a love story.of the ten monologues i felt only three really had any kind of truth ring through them. i kept waiting for the film to get better, and it did a bit, but never better enough.this is an interesting concept, and i kept wanting it to be good, but it never succeeded. maybe if they actually were love stories it would have worked.

contrary to another reviewer, i think that this is well-written, especially the more fictional it is, because greater imagination would be required; and well acted, because there were no other characters with whom to share the focus of these dozen-minutes-plus, well-done monologues. but i'm just not entertained by such solemn, pious rememberances. everybody has a story to tell and some are more interesting than others. everybody has problems and some are more intense than others. these are just ten, not-very-atypical stories and problems, exemplifying how anybody's life (or part of it) is fodder for film. then again, i think poorly of tv's reality shows, too. so, if that's your bag, you may like this. it's the kind of stuff that would make for good 'phone and/or internet gossip; but absolutely without other-than-verbal action. and, although each of the speakers is female, i'm gonna leave gender outta this.

i discovered this movie on ifc, and i thought it would be interesting. for "tiny" love stories, some of the stories really dragged on in this movie. the fact that none of these women had names almost makes you suspect that the actresses were talking about their own real sex lives, including kathy baker and alicia witt. i have to admit, i want to start seeing some more romantic views of first sexual encounters again, like in "strike!(1998)," when odette sinclair's acquaintances started asking about her presumed first time, and tweety asked "was it beautiful?"some might think re-enactments and flashbacks would improve this movie. i think it would make things even worse. it doesn't necessarily have to be hardcore porn to get my attention, but somehow i just expected more.

the exclamation point in the title is appropriate, albeit an understatement. this movie doesn't just cry -- it shrieks loud enough to shatter glass.filmmakers andrew and virginia stone made shrill, humorless suspense thrillers that strove for a semi-documentary feel. here, they shot on actual new york locations with tinny "real-life" acoustics to jack up the verisimilitude. but the naturalism of the sound recording only serves to amplify the stones' maladroit dialog and the mouth-frothing histrionics of tortured butterfly inger stevens.in a performance completely devoid of modulation, stevens plays the wife of electronics whiz james mason (looking haggard and bored); both are held captive by extortionist rod steiger (looking bloated and bored) and his slimy cohorts in a scheme to blackmail an airline with a deadly bomb that mason has unwittingly helped construct.here is another credibility-straining instance of a criminal mastermind so brilliantly attentive to every detail, yet knuckleheaded enough to hire a drug-addicted degenerate as an underling. the stones' idea of nail-biting tension is to trap the hysterical stevens alone with benzedrine-popping rapist neville brand, filling the frame with his sweaty, drooling kisser. but the camera work is so leaden and brand so (uncharacteristically) demure that the effect is hardly lurid, much less suspenseful. the stones, a square pair at heart, don't even have the courage of their own lack of convictions.the film, which ends with the portly steiger chasing the fleet-footed stevens on a subway train track, is as clumsy as its ungainly heavy. with angie dickinson as steiger's amoral girlfriend, jack klugman, kenneth tobey, and barney philips.

i found this movie to be a great idea, that didn't deliver. it seems they found a way to build suspense, but couldn't stage their payoffs very well. in one case the police, are on the clock to find the hideout of the kidnappers. they painstakingly go from dentist to dentist to match a dental record. at the same time, the kidnapped man (mason) escapes through the elevator shaft. after all the build up, the police arrive at the same time he gets free, which is very anti-climatic to say the least. there are also large narration scenes that take us "inside the thinking" of the terrorized husband and wife, which detracts from the suspense rather than adds to it. we are fully aware of their tension, and the voice-over is an insult and robs the viewer of any chance of a personal experience with the fear, as hitchcock proved time and again, is far more effective. the greatest disappointment, is to sit through the whole movie, and the get the quick, rather bland ending. i mean it just..."ends" in a snore.

the best thing i can say about this film is that it is well-paced. it did not fall flat. the next best things are the supporting performances by the actor playing foppish groom-to-be edward, the always marvelous holland taylor, and the actor playing taylor's husband. the actor helping to critique messing's potential outfits in an early scene brings a delightful absurd-yet-winning quality to the proceedings. okay, that's about it on the positive side.dermot mulroney, whom i adore, is far more believable expressing contempt for messing than in any scene where he's attempting to be either businesslike or supporting. as others noted, he appears to have no emotional investment in this enterprise other than wrapping it up as quickly as possible. messing, on the other hand, sincerely tries to carry the film and to create the illusion of chemistry with mulroney. she is adequate doing so, but is simply not strong enough an actress to pull all of this off without help. give her an "e" for effort and a "c+" for achievement. given mulroney's indifference, the one thing that could've helped messing would have been a brilliantly cavalier irons-esquire performance from the actor playing her ex-fiancé, jeffrey. instead, his performance is weak-kneed, mewling, and feckless.if i tried to analyze this one any further, i'd obviously be paying more attention than most of the people involved. it's harmless enough to pass time if you have nothing else to do, and less obnoxious (and less creative) than the wedding singer, but you're much better off watching "my best friend's wedding" again.

no cinematic achievements here, however that's not even the important question. how does it fare in its endeavour to be a competent date movie--and star vehicle?the formula requires the cute female lead a la ryan or aniston--check; there's a built-in tv audience!add thick-headed, compliant men, usually including the problem ex-boyfriend/fiancée--check. assemble a plot that maximizes the bankability of the stars. so far, so good.what is the male lead to consist of? he has to make all the women in the movie and in the audience (and the gay flight stewards) instantly swoon. but...he cannot be so hunky as to threaten to the male audience, and he can't outshine the star. roll cameras...the problem is messing thinks she's still in a sitcom...she has only one presentation: as the wide-eyed doormat that she's made a career out of. a capable actress might have pulled it off after the love scene, where things promptly nosedive into the soap suds. you can't help feeling good for mulroney...you can read it in his face that he sees through all of this. he's gotten all the respect of a lifetime .260 hitter. this time, he smacks one out to the warning track, and no one can figure out what to do, as he amusedly takes home plate.

when i come on imdb boards,i'm always fed up when i see a "the worst movie ever" post.after watching this *movie*,i think that i am soon going to create my own post!!the opening titles:great,some kind of lame zoom on a gas oven (yeah,focus on the fire=explosions=great action packed movie!!)the actors:i think that ice t is a cool rapper,even a nice actor (sometimes, i insist,"sometimes") but the steven seagal like policeman he plays is...beyond the words. the rest of the cast is...well i don't know where those actors were hired but jeez!!i bet my dog would have been a much better actor than them!!the plot:hijacking.original isn't it??the action sequences:the first shot of the movie is an explosion.i told myself,well, cool!!at least there will be some nice pyrotechnics...i was dead wrong.the rest of the movie is mostly filled with low rent stock shots taken from the air force...the dialogs are hilarious,the music is pure crap,the end is happy( i mean i was happy at the end because the movie was over!!!)my cousin who was watching the movie was delighted( i'm 22, she's 42...well).i was on the verge of taking the movie and burn it.maybe next time i'm gonna watch it...(who said never???)

this has to be one of the 5 worst movies ever made. the plot looked intriguing like that of passenger 57. but with the latter movie it somehow worked a lot better. the plot has been worked out in the worst possible way. just a few of the awful moments in the movie, a flight attendant is standing in the opened doorway of a flying 747 and trying to close the door without being sucked out by the 250 mile per hour winds?!? thereafter the lands the aircraft from a few miles out starting at 8000 feet, thats impossible even for 747 pilots with thousands of hour experience. when on the runway (perfectly straight of course) she is instructed to pull on the flaps, huh!! come on flaps are there to ensure lift at low speeds, when on the runway you use thrust reverse on the engines and give maximum power! i can go on and on about little and mostly big mistakes in the movie, but then my reply would become the size of the english dictionary. this is a movie you want to miss, take my word for it!

i ve finished seeing the movie 10 minutes ago..wow i still cant believe what i've watched.this is absolutely the worst movie ever. if i would list all the flaws in the movie , this review would take me a lot of sentences.( very funny flaws, because of being that bad though)you got to be amazed with the skill of the commandos assigned to rescue the plane. they didn't even know how to move.ice-t is so bad actor... and the thing i don't understand, is how the production wanted him to be like a hero, but he's a zero..of course the major flaws will be the landing of an 747, needing only 3 or 4 tips from a guy in transmission to land the plane...amazing.. as well as the dead bodys that had almost no blood at all..but i strongly recommend of watching this movie, as its very interesting to see how bad can something get

besides all of the technical mistakes ....how about a female flight attendant who's able to kill, all by herself, 4 out of the 7 terrorists (including ex marines), 2 of whom without even using a gun. then, she lands the plane perfectly. we're not talking about sigourney weaver or linda hamilton; we're talking about a regular, frightened, yet very well composed flight attendant. :d how about the leader in charge of the assault/rescue squad, having a full-proof (according to the logic of the script) plan of sleep-gassing everyone and having someone from his team fly the plane. only he decides at the spur of the moment to change plans and instead lead an attack on the terrorists, guns blazing, not knowing where the terrorists are, or how many, and not securing a position of advantage, so that his whole team gets easily wiped out. yeah, that's using the old noggin. only later to decide to use the sleep gas anyway. and it turns out useless for all intensive purposes.bad as this movie was, though, i couldn't stop myself from watching and wondering, what next? :d i can't help but imagine all the excellent, unemployed script writers thinking to themselves, it's not fair. lol! :d

spoilers? maybe a few details, but nothing too plot related. not like it would matter with this movie. air rage blatantly rips off the mid-air infiltration premise of executive decision. ice-t leads a team of four "elite" commandos who wear baggy black shirts that we can only imagine must conceal invisible body armor as their idiotic tactics (similar to what 3rd graders use when playing star wars on the playground) lead them to absorb a hail of gunfire. what entertained me the most about this flick was the use of look-alike has-been actors. you'll immediately recognize cyril o'reily as someone who once acted in a movie that you really liked, though it was so long ago that you probably won't be able to place it (it was porky's). here cyril plays a decent knock-off of a bill paxton character. most hilarious is porker gil gerard, who's so fat that you will never recognize him as tv's buck rogers. instead of evoking his mildly heroic character past, gerard gives us a passable performance of the crusty fat tough guy persona, which was clearly imagineered for john goodman. finally, alex cord gives us a nice hybrid look-alike performance as a chuck connors/kirk douglas type. in the 10 years since new jack city, ice-t's acting has deteriorated remarkably. it's not acting so much as regurgitation of lines that he might have actually memorized. one of the items that plays into this movie is a cd-rom of classified information. it's being hand carried, and it's apparently and unbelievably not encrypted, despite the security-savvy aura of gerard's nsa character. what a joke. i'm severely doubting that the information purported to be on the cd would ever even all be assembled into a portable format. despite being in a closed aircraft without silencers, the gunfire is about as loud as canned air, and causes nary a person to flinch, so apparently no foley budget. the assortment of weapons chosen is pretty funny. the flight attendant's use of a coffee pot is about the most realistic depiction of violence in the film. when she takes intuitively to the mini-uzi pistol, which has got to be one of the worst pistol designs ever, that's just too stupid. a true elite team would carry mp-5s for this type thing or maybe socomm .45s, or even customized hi- powers if they were really old school, or maybe something fn 5.7 if new school... the lame-o standard issue 92fs are totally unbelievable, having lost most of their cool after lethal weapon i. the bad guys, supposedly experienced soldier of fortune types, have an assorted mixture of absurdity, like the aforementioned mini-uzi pistol and a tec-9 with the infamous non-functional barrel extender that isn't a silencer. there was one touch of realism on which i would like to correct the other reviewers: the flight attendant and ice-t did lower the craft to 10,000 feet for "breathable air" before they opened the door. and i also got the impression that the flight attendant was not able to get the door closed, that she basically just gave up on that point. as far as the landing, there was no mention of flaps until about 2 seconds before touchdown. sigh. only the dukes of hazard eluding roscoe p. coltrane at the "pass" could shame this movie for use of stock footage. they obviously chose the incredible (and retired) sr-71 because they couldn't get stock of an f-117. aside from the fact that they were mothballed already in 2001, let's also forget for a moment that the sr-71 is not a pure stealth aircraft in the sense of the b-2, and that at point blank range... well, i'm no expert, but i'm having doubts as to whether it would be invisible on radar. as others have pointed out, the repeated references to "f-15s" when they were showing f -16s was laughable. details of the 747 were pretty stupid. no airline would put that few passengers on a 747 to begin with, not to mention everything else that was idiotic about it. pay attention to the use of exposed electrical wiring. wow. what a show. catch it on stars or something. don't pay to rent it, but do watch it for laughs. in contention for worst movie ever, right up there with no holds barred, which at least had some originality.

what a complete piece of trash. plot notwithstanding, when a movie's action revolves around airplanes, you'd think the writers/producers/director (or anyone!) would do a little bit of homework as to at least a few of the details. the mistakes were so glaring that i was fuming by the end of the movie. here are just a few: i'm glad i missed the sr-71 sequence - certain to have been worse than the "air force one" f-117 spectacle. commercial airlines usually have their logos painted on the aircraft rather than boeing 747  likely the (cheap) use of some boeing advertising/publicity footage by the director. exposed wiring connected by wire nuts is mediocre at best for house wiring, much less multi-million dollar aircraft avionics wiring. airplanes like the 747 rely on pressure alone rather than ship's supply oxygen to maintain breathable air, and if they did rely on an on-board supply, the canister would be far bigger than fist sized. medical tape is not a suitable substitute for a threaded hose connection. those were f-16s, not f-15s. mach 1+ (speed of sound) would be difficult to attain on a static engine run up for takeoff (watch the airspeed indicator). "standard formation" is simply keeping the formation inside one nautical mile, "route" formation is what they were flying - not the most useful formation for an intercept. "acquiring missile lock" is not likely to get an airline pilot's attention - they have no radar detection or countermeasures. "wait for my signal" is not inter-flight communication for preparing to fire anything. depressurization from a door opening in flight is not grounds for an immediate steep left bank. yelling into a headset does not make it transmit. magnetic headings are given as "headings" not "bearings," and headings are between 001 and 360 degrees (compasses in the air are just like compasses on the ground!), so turning left (not "port"  that's a boat thing) from a "bearing" of 618 to 502 is just stupid. it is in most cases impossible to just "turn the yoke left until the correct heading is reached"  that sort of thing will result in 360 degree rolls until the yoke is centered again. the likelihood of a flight attendant immediately finding and successfully engaging the autopilot is only slightly greater than the likelihood of her actually landing the jet safely. airplanes don't stall immediately upon pulling the throttle back, and 747s have more than one little lever to control the multi-engine thrust. flaps are lowered in increments usually just prior to and immediately following landing gear extension, not seconds before landing (good way to crash). wheel brakes are required to stop an airplane, simply pulling the throttle(s) (this time a different lever in the movie) to idle will just allow you to go off the end of the runway at a slower speed. did i mention that those fighter aircraft were f-16s and not f-15s? guess i did and that's just what i remember from recently watching this horrific movie.

one stinko of a movie featuring a shopworn plot and, to be kind, acting of less than oscar caliber. but to me the single worst flaw was the total misrepresentation of a jet aircraft, and especially a 747. some of the major blunders:1. no flight engineer (or even a flight engineer station. 2. mis-identifying the f-16 interceptors as f-15's (no resmblance whatsoever). 3. loading passengers into an "aft baggage compartment" supposedly accesible from the cabin - even if such a compartment existed, placing that much weight that far aft would make the aircraft unflyable. 4. hollow point bullets that "won't damage the aircraft". 5. the entire landing procedure was so bad i wanted to puke. 6. an sr-71 (of all planes) with a pressure seal hatch 7. opening a cabin door outward - into the wind - in flight!!ah nuts, it was just a truly lousy movie. gotta make the list of bottom 10 of the year.

to be honest, i didn't like "executive decision" - which was obvious the template - very much, but compared to this piece of crap, it looks like a masterpiece of art.not only that the people moving in the film (the term actors would be an insult for all other actors) should attend more acting classes, the guy who build the setting hasn't even seen an aircraft from afar. it is so ridiculous, that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard, but this is only the tip of the iceberg. the film is full of illogicalness (e.g.: use sleeping-gas, then don't use it, then use it anyway), which dropped my rating finally to the bottom.you can have more fun in rearranging you sock drawer or in drilling a hole in your knee and fill it with milk.

when i first saw this film in cinema 11 years ago, i loved it. i still think the directing and cinematography are excellent, as is the music. but it's really the script that has over the time started to bother me more and more. i find emma thompson's writing self-absorbed and unfaithful to the original book; she has reduced marianne to a side-character, a second fiddle to her much too old, much too severe elinor - she in the movie is given many sort of 'focus moments', and often they appear to be there just to show off thompson herself.i do understand her cutting off several characters from the book, but leaving out the one scene where willoughby in the book is redeemed? for someone who red and cherished the book long before the movie, those are the things always difficult to digest.as for the actors, i love kate winslet as marianne. she is not given the best script in the world to work with but she still pulls it up gracefully, without too much sentimentality. alan rickman is great, a bit old perhaps, but he plays the role beautifully. and elizabeth spriggs, she is absolutely fantastic as always.

from the start of this movie you soon become aware that the name of the film has nothing to do with the movie itself from watching a naked woman being chased by people in very silly masks to servants running round in the worst clothing i've ever seen and all this in subtitles makes this the kind of movie you should think twice about seeing and as the film slowly moves along you soon realise that the vampire is not a vampire you got to wonder where the title came from some parts of the film made a bit of sense with pierre and is father but as the film gets to its really silly ending you have got to think why end a film this way and surly they had a better ending if only in there heads this is not a film to watch basically

jean rollin artistic nonsense about vampires, aliens and the quest for immortality.the women are beautiful and the photography stunning. the dialog is inane. its a laughable mess. great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful. i'm trying to figure out if we're suppose to be scared or not. at the same time is it a put on or not? its an odd mix of art film and horror that never quite meshes and while its nice to look at it never seems to "mean" anything, and its by no means scary even if the occasional shot or sequence creates a moment of frisson its well made pretentious twaddle. something to leave on in the background as a living wall paper for those who like naked women.

french director jean rollin isn't exactly known for great films, and this confusing mess is one of the reasons why. one of the most confusing things about this production is the title. for a director who is well known for directing erotic films about lesbian vampires; you would expect a film with the word 'nude' in the title to be a particularly bare-breasted one; but in fact, there's not a lot of nudity here at all. instead of erotic lesbian vampires with no clothes on; we've got a cumbersome plot about a man who wants to unlock the secret to immortality, a young woman whose affliction might hold the key and a suicide cult, who don't get to do much. the film starts off promisingly with a sequence that sees a young girl carried off by a mysterious bunch of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young french man, who also happens to be the son of a man of importance. through his investigation, he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal lady, and as he delves deeper into the cult; he discovers that cannot be killed by bullets, drinks blood and can't go out in daylight...sounds like a clear cut case of vampirism to me.jean rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going throughout the film, but it fails to be interesting because the plot is so badly executed. it is possible to keep up with what's going on, but only because there's so many other films that follow similar plots to this one. the director seems to know that he's messed up the plotting too, as the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience. there is a twist thrown in at the end also; but the film would have been better without it. i guess this was jean rollin's attempt to be a little original, but it comes off as a ham-fisted attempt at such, rather than a logical continuation of the story. the cinematography is fairly neat, with lots of the plot taking place in suitably gothic locations. the girls on board complete what is a pretty picture, and what rollin's film lacks in logic and consistency, it somewhat makes up for in style. in the film's defence, it was made in 1969; which somewhat explains the lack of shocks but i can't recommend this movie as it doesn't have much about it that is worth taking note of.

beyond dirt cheap, this shot-on-video exercise in ineptitude was difficult to get through. it's got the typical gore that you'd expect in a zombie movie, but none of the required atmosphere to make it worth while.what's strange is that this is an amateur german video, and the version i saw is english-dubbed! the dubbers seem to be american fans (penpals of the germans?!) who can't decide whether they want to play it straight or turn it into a comedy. one character (a white german, of course) is dubbed by a black guy apparently, who speaks with thick ebonics! 'kno wahm sayin', comrad?

i will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention. zombie 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with schnaas' other horrible zombie entry - zombie doom (aka violent sh!t 3). these films suck so bad that everyone involved in their creation should be shot. i somehow managed (barely...) to sit through zombie doom - but zombie 90 is so horribly inept - even when compared to schnaas' other horrible film - that i had to fast-forward through everything after the first 10 minutes. zero acting skills, inept gore, horrible camcorder-style camera-work, ridiculous dubbing...it just goes on and on. i really can't find a single thing redeeming about this garbage - and i can usually find something redeeming in just about any film. this truly is one of the worst films ever made - you've been warned...1/10

a chemical spill is turning people into zombies. it's up to two doctor's to survive the epidemic. it's an andreas schnaas film so you know what the par for the course will be. bad acting, horribly awful special effects, and no budget to speak of. the dubbing is ridiculous with a capital r and the saddest thing is that i feel compelled to write one word about this piece of excrement, much less the ten lines mandatory because of the guidelines placed on me by imdb. my original review of merely one word: crap wouldn't fly so i have to revise it and go more in to how bad it is. but i don't know if i can, so.. wait i think i may have enough words, or lines rather to make this review pass. which is cool, i guess. so in summation: this movie sucks balls, don't watch it.my grade: f

"the secretary" is one of those cheesy, cliched, "thrillers" that one is subjected to watching on a sunday afternoon, when there is virtually nothing else on. while the plot (a demented woman becomes jealous of all who succeed over her in the office and decides to do whatever she can to stop them) may be one of a kind, i recognized countless plot twists, probably taken from other tv movies that i had been subjected to for the very same reason.to make matters worse, i was not wild about the cast. mel harris is one of those actresses who appears in so many tv movies as either a "mom" or some sort of "victim" of foul play or abuse, that one must wonder the kind of life she leads. in this one, she gets the joy of playing a mom and a victim of psycho secretary sheila kelly, who was not a very good choice as the villain. while sheila kelly has made some good career moves(singles, breaking in, and i guess, law and order), she is also beset by a string of pitiful tv movie roles, and this one just adds to it. as for the others, i don't have any clear memories of them, so that must say something.this one will play on the lifetime network(i think that's where i saw it), but don't bother watching it, unless you are too bored for words. not that it will make you any more excitied...

the temp (1993) didn't do much theatrical business, but here's the direct-to-video rip-off you didn't want, anyway! ellen bradford (mel harris) is the new woman at millennium investments, a high scale brokerage firm, who starts getting helpful hints from wide-eyed secretary deidre (sheila kelley). deidre turns out to be an ambitious daddy's girl who will stop at nothing to move up the corporate ladder, including screwing a top broker she can't stand and murdering anyone who gets on her bad side. she digs up skeletons in ellen's closet, tries to cause problems with her husband (barry bostwick), kills while making it look like she is responsible, kidnaps her daughter and tries to get her to embezzle money from the company.harris and kelley deliver competent performances, the supporting cast is alright and it's reasonably well put-together, but that doesn't fully compensate for a script that travels down a well-worn path and offers few surprises.

an actor's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display, and this film is no exception.but worse than that, even by 1982 standards this is so bad, it's hysterically funny. filmed entirely in the chicago area on an obviously small budget, most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff, wooden, and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater. noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog, and the dialog is truly bad, very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic. scenes are contrived and choppy, and even though the characters go through a span of years, neither the children nor the adults age at all.i do believe it's possible to make a christian film that's palatable to a large, secular audience, but too often the creators of such films are so focused on 'the message' or in this case, their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside. (i'm sure it's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer/director/editor - and cast member.) luckily, michael madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films. careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one.

poor michael madsen; he must be kicking himself to know folks have found out about this horrible flick. i really can't think of anything worse i have ever seen, except amateur porn. it's that bad, and all here; wooden acting, bad script, crappy moral ending, you hate it and it is in this movie.my question is: "who the hell put $$$ into this piece of doggy doo? at least we could have seen michael's sister virginia nude in a scene, but i don't think even that would save this stinker...for a cool guy that has made some exception movies, i want to know what wacky church sponsored this piece of crapola.

i picked this dvd up at the dollar store. the dvd was on the 2 for $1 rack, but since it had michael madsen in it, i thought that since i had never seen the movie, i bought it anyway.i must say that i didn't like the movie. the movie played more like a documentary or an advertisement for religion than anything else. i found that the director's use of flashbacks did not add to the story line for me. i would have preferred to view the story line in chronological order.i won't throw it away like one of the other commentators, but it may be quite awhile before i would consider watching this movie again.who knows, since it was michael madsen's film debut, maybe it might have some archival value at some future date.

i am a huge michael madsen fan, so needless to say, i bought this movie without even renting it or anything... this movie was so horrible, i didn't even take it back to the store, i wouldn't want anyone else to be subjected to this human poison, i just threw it in the trash, never mind the money, it was worth the price to be able to throw it away. the acting wasn't that bad, it wasn't good or anything. the story was horrible, and the ending was something i despise. he was a broken man, alcoholic. his life was a bunch of junk. i thought his horse, peanuts, was an awful device to show his childhood innocence, a dog would have been much much better. i also hate religion, so this ending without a doubt angered me. jesus heals all... i hate that i know people just like this that are huge christians and catholics, and time will show that god doesn't heal all, or anything. it was a horrible movie, if u have the option to see it, pass, or better yet buy it, or rent it, and throw it in the garbage, and leave the coffee grounds on it in the morning

definitely an odd debut for michael madsen. madsen plays cecil moe, an alcoholic family man whose life is crumbling all around him. cecil grabs a phone book, looks up the name of a preacher, and calls him in the middle of the night. he goes to the preacher's home and discusses his problems. the preacher teaches cecil to respect the word of god and have jesus in his heart. that makes everything all better. ahh...if only everything in life were that easy. the fact that this "film" looks as if it was made with about $500 certainly doesn't help. 1/10

against all hope is a very poorly made, sometimes painfully so, movie. this is michael madsen's first movie, and it shows, he isn't that good in it. some people might find the story laughable; an alcoholic realizes his life and family are falling apart so he calls a preacher as a last resort for help. after telling the preacher his story, he accepts jesus christ into his heart. i actually found many of the religious scenes, as when cecil moe (madsen) goes to a church but walks away from it, pretty realistic. i also liked how cecil knows his life is breaking apart and tries to get help, but realizes only god can help him. at the end he realizes with the help of god he can go through life without drinking again.this movie is not well made at all. the acting is bad, the script could use some work, and looks worse than my home videos, but it has a good message. now, just because you become a christian doesn't mean you will automatically be able to stop an addiction or heal your broken family, and cecil realizes this and works hard to stay on track. overall, if your a christian you will appreciate how this movie portrays christianity and if you aren't, you may find yourself being called to find out more about the faith.

here's how you do it: believe in god and repent for your sins. then things should turn around within the next day or so. until the last fifteen minutes, this movie just plays as a bad recap of a drunk's crappy life. his mom dies. his stepmom's a b_tch. his dad dies. he drinks. he gets married. he has kids. he drinks some more. his wife gets mad. he disappoints his kids. the wife threatens to leave. he calls up a reverend late night b/c he wants to kill himself. then after the recap happens, that's when we get the "left behind"-like subtle message."he needed a paycheck". this is the phrase i had to repeat over and over once credits started to roll so i wouldn't lose my respect for madsen.madsen drops to his knees and begs christ's forgiveness. once he does, he walks outside and actually says that he sees the world in a different way. he tells his wife that he's found god and that's good enough for her. flip scene four months and the wife is tired of going to church. end the movie as madsen walks by the bar and gives a soliloquy about how happy he is with christ and without alcohol. final moment? he gives a little dismissive wave to the bar (i.e. sin house) and give a gay, miami-vice, after-school special congratulatory jump in the air as the camera freeze-frames. see why i had to repeat the phrase? "he needed a paycheck".man this movie is bad. the b-grade 80's production values don't help much. the script could have easily been a "touched by an angel" episode. it could have been knocked out in 30 minutes plus commercials. the acting is wooden and never believable. even madsen, of whom i'm a big fan and is the sole reason i sat through this, makes it clear that this is his first acting job and he doesn't know his a$$ from his elbow yet on camera. 45 minutes into it i started to get discouraged. this thing was like homework. i just wanted to put it away and say that alright, i saw half of it. that's good enough. but no. if i sat through cheerleader ninjas, i could sit throughout this.the only reason i'm not giving this thing a 1 is for two points: 1) i love madsen. i know it's not fair. but it's great seeing the opening title "introducing michael madsen". sue me. 2) some of the dialogue is so bad that it's classic. i'll stick some quotes at the end of this so you can enjoy them too.that's about it. to wrap it up ,this thing is a piece of crap that should stay flushed with the rest of the turds. but hey! look! michael madsen! (see also tilt, executive target, my boss's daughter, etc). now i've gotta rewatch reservoir dogs and watch madsen torture a cop to get my respect back for him. see ya, kids."this stuff's gonna make me go blind, but i'm gonna drink it anyway" - madsen's first taste of cheap alcohol"i don't understand! everything seems so beautiful!" - madsen walking outside after confessing to god"i'm going downtown later and pick up a bible and i'm gonna get a haircut too" - madsen after converting at the dinner table, because satan lives in your hair

in a summer that also boasted such repugnant stinkers as snakes on a plane and the da vinci code, that's a pretty bold statement. but i stand by it nonetheless. superman returns, like king kong 6 months before it, is overlong, hyper-indulgent and with cgi up to the eyeballs. my god, this stuff is doing my head in.richard donner had the idea of 'keep it real' for his 2 outings. and i do find his approach to the special and optical effects to be the most appropriate. brian singer bombards us with so much cgi that it really takes you out of the story and constantly reminds you that you are watching a wannabe blockbuster that thinks that the only way to impress an audience is to spend $250 million (a totally irresponsible amount of money) on obnoxious visual effects that don't live up to the hype. we've seen everything and been everywhere that cgi can take us. there's no real atmosphere or involvement in this. and for a film that is 95% made up of this crap...well you figure it out.i've read so many reviews from fanboy critics about how the movie has 'soul' or 'a human heart' or 'tender character moments'. puh-lease! we've already had brooding superheros silently screaming 'you'd love me if you knew who i am' dozens of times already in recent years and sr offers absolutely nothing new in this regard. even the plot is recycled garbage. lex luthor (a seriously mis-cast and hammy kevin spacey) plotting to destroy the landmass of america was done in the first film already! and, well...that's your lot! it's amazing that they managed to draw out this junk to 2.5 painful hours! even if the cast were likable it would make it less unbearable. but brandon routh has the on screen personality of a mahogany hat-stand, kate bosworth is completely unconvincing as a pulitzer prize-winning journalist, james marsden is 250% wooden, as usual and kevin spacey really needs to either fire his agent or acquire some better judgement. the only cast member i liked was the lovely parker posey. but i'm into weird-looking girls.every year films like this get bigger and more bombastic. pretty soon we'll have $300 million films. studios need to realise that maybe they should start looking down instead of looking up. for all the money that warner spent on this pile of crap, for all the resources that this movie cost to make...was it worth it? in my opinion, certainly not! this garbage has put me of superman for life!

in my eyes this is almost the perfect example of hollywood ego, only beaten by the new king kong movie. superman is the original super hero and deserves to be treated with respect even though he wears tights. brandon routh was the worst superman i've ever seen, from the start of the movie u just wanna shove a chunk of kryptonite down his throat. he looks just silly wearing the costume. but enough about him, kate bosworth was a bad choise for lois lane, she is supposed to be a hard ass reporter, but in this movie she looks more like a schoolgirl. the plot was weak and predictable (wow, he is actually supermans son, who would have ever thought....) and the acting was horrible. this movie has one good thing going for it, and it's name is kevin spacey. his portrayal of lex luthor was brilliant but even he could not save this movie. what this movie needed was the cast of "lois and clark" (except kevin spacey of course) and a different story. i watched this movie after watching "the hills have eyes" and i was chocked to learn that there existed worse movies then that.

after a long period in the space, looking for the remains of planet krypton, superman (brandon routh) returns to earth. he misses lois lane (kate bosworth), who got married and has a son with richard white (james marsden). meanwhile, lex luthor (kevin spacey) plots an evil plan, using crystals he stole from the fortress of solitude, to create a new land and submerge the usa.after so many delightful movies of superman with the unforgettable christopher reeve, or tv shows like "lois and clark" (and teri hatcher) or "smallville", a great expectation was created for the return of superman in this bryan singer's version. unfortunately, the awful story is too long and boring, with many unnecessary parts, lack of emotion and overrated in imdb. in addition, the romance between lois lane and superman is something shamefully ridiculous. the twenty-two years old actress kate bosworth is wrongly miscast, playing the role of a mature reporter and experienced mother of a five years old boy. brandon routh is two years younger than tom welling, who plays a teenager clark kent in "smallville". the character of parker posey, kitty kowalski, is actually a silly caricature. last but not the least and in spite of being a terrific lex luthor, kevin spacey is forty-five years old, therefore older and older than the rest of the lead cast. the corny conclusion looks like a soap opera and is terrible. my vote is four.title (brazil): "superman returns"

as a long-time fan of superman from the comics, through the 1950s series, the first two of the chris reeves films and lois & clark, and finally smallville, i was *really* hoping for something clever with "superman returns".instead we got lex luthor making *another* attempt at real-estate conversion, another superman-beaten-up-while-wearing-kryptonite sequence, and internal inconsistencies: he couldn't stop himself falling into the ocean when stuck with 6" of kryptonite, but when lois breaks off 3" of it, *leaving the rest embedded in him*, he can lift *a continent* into space?? really, the only hero in the story was lois' partner - i can't remember his name off-hand. he did all kinds of life-saving, heroic things with nothing but guts and skill - no superpowers, no invulnerability...just a normal human.they keep making superman so small. why can't we have superman battling brainiac or fighting to save the universe from general zod instead of lex's petty schemes. oh, i forgot...they're doing that in smallville.yeah...i think i'll stick to smallville...you probably should, too...

it really doesn't matter that superman comic books are unbelievably naive and their target is ten year old. what matters is that "superman returns" is bad movie. in the beginning,a question for you dear readers, how many of you actually believe that superman will be defeated by bald kevin spacey? anyone? just as i thought. no spoilers here. so let's get to some major issues right now.firstly, this movie looks like commercial (scene in the bar with superman/clark kent drinking budweiser is only scene which looks as it supposed to). imagine commercial of superman, two and half hour long. let's be serious this isn't "amadeus" or "the departed". you actually feel, that this movie is way too long. and special effects are not so special by the way.secondly, scenario is silly. sometimes even if something is acceptable in comic, in cinema it looks just stupid. and it's like that in this case. of course dialogs are disgrace. i can't believe somebody took money to write them. how many times we will be fed with villain making speeches? how many times laws of physics will be raped? (jesus, it's not only the matter of superman's strength but also a resistance of materials his dealing with.) how many times lois lane will be fooled by kent? how many times hollywood producers will seek for a story in a trashy comic books? since there's hard to make a good story, why having a weak story for a starter? it just doesn't work. guys, get a grip. try harder, please. or just stay on this strike forever, who cares. i got the feeling that wga is permanently on strike. no offense. i'm not questioning the lame money those people are paid, but the quality of the product they deliver. in this case there is no quality at all. (at this point you may ask yourself: is it that bad? yes it is.)thirdly, acting is weak, which is quite a surprise since bryan singer (usual suspects) is directing. kevin spacey is having fun, but he's the only one. audience is rather not in the mood for jokes. thing is that comic book hero can be developed into real personality, with clear motivations but also with doubts, fears, some depth. in this case nobody did that job, and characters aren't really interesting.finally, whole effort of creators turns this movie into parody. second unit is so bad that attracts attention, since there's nothing interesting going on on screen anyway. the harder they try (if they try), the funnier it gets (but it isn't laugh you could expect).final conclusion? one word: shame. this particular movie, ladies and gents, is camp. don't waste your time and don't waste your money too. stay home, read a book.

at the beginning i was happy to know about a new superman movie , i though that will be great but it wasn't.is a bad copy of the richard donner work,lex is again a villain that makes no more else , even played by kevin spice.the evil plan is the same of the first movie of donner just a lot forced.the script is predictable and simple (all stuff luthor finds in a museum or an old lady).the story is the wrong thing , it must be the kevin smith script and may be it could be better.i just hope a sequel without brian singer and with a new talent director to do something new and not a copy.all read you later

i usually don't walk out of a movie, but halfway thru i did. this movie promised something different, but i kept thinking haven't i seen that before? spoiler alert! back in 1, the spaceship crashes and lands on earth, well, all these years later, with a super adult on board no less, this thing still manages to burn up and crash! what, this advanced civilization can't seem to develop landing gear? for an industry that's so liberal, we get to see another woody allen movie, no blacks please! superman runs around saving people, making sure he sticks to europe and the us, don't go into darkie areas please. maybe i could stomach this about 30 years ago, but now now.

...this would be the worst film i'd ever seen. hmmm, ok maybe tied with boogeyman then. awful, truly awful.i had low expectations and it failed to meet them! i honestly cant think of one good thing. so here are the worst points...1. the acting 2. the plot 3. the cgi (xbox 360 has better graphics....seriously) 4. the plot 5. the dialogue and finally.... 6. the plot there are so many unanswered questions, did they make a 2:32 hour long movie then realize they hadn't put lex luthor and superman in a scene together and were forced to settle for the 3 minute bit or did they actually think no-one would notice that the main hero and villain have less screen time together than superman's son and the henchman he kills?!!was half the budget spent on persuading kevin spacey to do it?when superman goes to hospital, why don't the doctors ask "what the f*** do you want us to do?! he's a f***ing alien! we don't know jack about his anatomy!"? what happened in the 5 years superman was away to cause technology to advance 28 years? where the people who wrote good reviews watching the same movie?and finally, why? just, why? btw, for those of you wondering how come superman could lift an entire continent of krypyonite, i think i've figured it out......since superman is unaffected by the kryptonite till he sees something green in the rocks, it is clearly all in his head. therefore the continent thing is just him suppressing his fear of shiny green rock....either that or the writers are slack-jawed half-wits who didn't think that was a fairly obvious mistake.

or: it's a bird ? it's a plane ? no, look... it's a disaster ! or: no need to look up in the sky.or: (... ok, that's enough.) if singer tried to make a romantic titanic like movie to crash the box office record, he failed. the sr structure can't do this, the dark and restricted color scheme (i would call it "wishi-washi"), the boring usual dialogs, the clown with advanced alien technology, the missing fun and magic, etc. makes the movie completely disappointing.it simply doesn't work.the main thing at a character like superman is, that he is a superhero. that's the core, the most important thing.love trouble and a sadly lost depressive supersoftie can maximal only be a facet in a 2:40 long superman movie, not the whole time.because then it is not a superman or superhero movie anymore. it's like a (and in this case a very bad and boring) social study, where every 30 minutes a person flies around.that's a big difference.this movie is a joke. holy skywalker, this is superman, so give us supervillains, superaction and the most important thing, superfun.we want entertainment ! singer, if you want to make a 2:40 long soul love trouble drama about lost and sadly people ? then take normal human characters and make a yentl remake.they say: superman returns. and then, supersadlysoftie stands in the door.maybe singer has tried to kill the legend without kryptonite, but one bad movie can't do this. don't give up, they plan a sequel...next time singer (and warner brothers), make a superhero movie, not a depressive superlame soap, or let it be. a superhero movie means a colorful fantasy with a lot of fun and magic.this movie is like a very cheap chocolate box with a super cover. yes, technically there are all sorts in, yes, there is a lot of small talks, there are a few jokes, a view action scenes, etc, but the only one what all these worse pieces have in common is their poor quality.it's not more than a super boring patchwork and one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my live.the ridiculous cast strategy (cast them young as possible, so we can make sequels in the next 25 years) gives the rest. kate bosworth plays a 22 year old star reporter, she's looking like 19. superman was full five years away, so he slept with her 6 years ago, so she was 16, (looking like 13) and a daily planet reporter, wroting "i spend a night with superman". warner brothers, that's too much.routh is not so bad, he is playing a little bit wooden, but the whole movie is wooden, so... ?! temporary good were marsden and sometimes posey. the rest, forget it. even spacey, this is not his terrain.reeve/hackman/kidder were acting so easy, with fun. what a difference.the jesus poses at the end are ridiculous too. what the hell should that be ? the problem here is, they mean this serious, not as a joke. next time spiderman or batman or ironman falls and rises like jesus or angels ? or they speak with god directly. why not ? they are superheroes, saving human lives every day. so at least one talk with god every week should be possible... oh my god.maybe this was not the real announced movie, instead it is from a bizarre dull parallel universe.for the warner brothers this superlame depressive flick will be possibly the greatest disaster in history. not only because of the money.i understand how difficult it (maybe) was to create and transport some messages or feelings, but showing lone, lost and sadly people isn't new and thousands of movies or tv-shows did it better, in very old or new ones like magnolia. and the flying frogs there were more impressive than this flying superwoman, sorry, superman of course.singer and wb, that's simply nothing. in fact it's even more than nothing, it's like a black hole that destroys the passion for (comic/superhero) movies and steals us three hours of our life.mrs. smilla's little brother. (very angry and green like the hulk.)

did the movie-makers even preview this before they released it? the script jumps from place to place without giving much explanation. the beginning doesn't clarify if its a prequel or not. it starts with superman's beginnings on earth and then jumps to a point after the last movie - but doesn't really alert the viewer of this. very confusing! superman himself is weak and in need of prozac. he is portrayed as a potential home-wrecker, a stalker, and someone who is clearly depressed and confused. this type of character rarely makes for an interesting hero. the ending is absolutely ridiculous. superman ending up in a hospital just made me want to kill him off myself. i'm seriously waiting for a snl skit where superman appears on maury povich and maury says, "the results are in - in the case of the child, superman, you are the father." to sum up - ok acting by this superman and kevin spacey, but horrible script. the movie is basically unwatchable.

this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme. i used to love superman movies, but this one made me want to shoot myself. very poor acting, outrageous special effects, and a plot equal to zero. to summarize : superman leaves earth, because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet, some were in space (duh) , doesn't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving (duh again), takes off in a spaceship (?!?),comes back i think 5 years later, and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again (who is now razing his son, which son, in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old). and what about that lex luthor ? trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ? please !!i vote 1 out of 10 for this movie, only because i am not allowed to vote 0. if you have anything else to do with your time, don't go to see this movie, and even if you don't have anything else to do, stay home and watch tv !

this movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological. i stood and watched everyone waddle out of the theater, their faces drained like their lives flashed before their eyes -- eyes wandering at their neighbor, wondering if it was just them. i mean, how could the movie really be bad. nobody'll admit it, it's a classic case of the emperor wears no clothes. "who am i to question a movie containing a guy who stops a jet liner?" but the fact remains, every member of the audience is thinking what i'm writing right now. i actually plagiarized their faces.obviously lois is only aroused by power, she won't even have a cup of coffee with the superman with glasses who doesn't stop jet liners. it can't be the look in "his" eyes to the depths of his soul or anything like that. in the old supermans, she had some level of connection with him, he wasn't priority number 1, obviously, but it strengthened her character that she was "torn". i bet henry kissinger would have even won this lois over before clark kent.and now it's official, kryptonite does to superman what eating at mcdonalds does to the avg. person.superman "one" he loses his earth dad, then finds his real super dad, the story is captivating every step of the way. he's human, he relates to people and he feels love for people, he relates to highschool students, he relates to people who feel different. he relates. the superman returns superman seems to relate only to superpeople and it seems he's just "doing a job" when he's saving people.there's something about clark that lois likes, she's really internally in love with him but can't admit it, and when he comes into the picture as superman, it throws a kink in the on-the-rocks love. without superman, she would've fallen in love with clark (at least that's what the movie points to, whether it was the intention or not). superman returns is a love story between a woman and superman, clark is like a pile of horse maneur to lois. literally.superman two i just watched it again. as a kid, i "thought" i enjoyed the action, but now i know it was the story that held me then too, watching it over and over again. if i saw superman returns as a child, i would've hated it then too, i think.there is so much heart and soul and superpower going around in this movie, it's sick. superman gives up his powers for love as a world plot is going on and meanwhile, meanwhile, lex luther's got something fantastic up his sleeve.superman three now there's a three-way love story between superman and lana and clark, only humanity wins and clark's inner nature beats superman's power, because when his supermoral nature is gone and he's superhuman (who does human things with his superpowers), she sees it's not the power of superman that she's in love with, it's not superpowerman, but supermortalman that she loves -- and who's really super. and when she tells clark she "prefers" him to superman, he is elated, he has made a human connection again. he wants to be accepted for who he is, not just for his ability to bend steel. this is the kind of stuff that's missing from superman returns.clark super-sneezes to help the kid get a strike - humanity again. plus, it's an ineresting use of superpowers. he's not just using straight brute strength.he crushes the coal into a diamond for his woman because she had to sell hers, love is the only thing that drives him to use his powers other than for saving.it seems there's nothing at stake in superman returns. even in superman three, we see the damages caused by the nemesis' world domination plot.. we see suffering, we see how it effects pryor and others and people in the middle of it.. there's no damage, esp. emotional from lex's plot to sink the us. we see a glob of crystal thrown into space.. superman had to get very creative in the first three supermans in order to stop the plot against him, he couldn't just "access" his superpowers. in the first one, he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase history to save lois' life... (this was thirty years ago!!") in the second one, he had to outsmart three guys that he was already more powerful than, but combined with lex's genius, and the villains' immoral tactics, superman's overpowering wasn't enough, he had to work one against the other and outsmart them... in superman iii, again, his superpowers weren't enough to win.. he had to outsmart a computer that calculated everything it saw. he couldn't use straight aggression on the computer because it calculated it in advance, so he had to use a benign acid that would only become deadly to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression. and he found that acid earlier when he couldn't simply use his superpowers to blow out a fire because it was a chemical fire, so he had to use his superbrains -- he couldn't carry water, so he froze a lake and dropped it on the fire.. now in superman returns, he simply lunges the island into outerspace, like a night temp for ups. he doesn't need to figure anything out, he just uses his "super strength". and lex luther's brilliance was shown at the premeditation level of a junkie who just ran out of junk.to say nothing of the fact that he threw that island into outerspace after getting stabbed with a knife of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream and the island itself was dripping kryptonite spores in his face, but he just averted his eyes and nose like it wasn't grey poupon he was looking at.

i saw the movie last night and i really wanted to like it. my expectations for the movie had been going up and down ever since i heard it was being made. some days i'd see something spectacular and some days i'd be disappointed.yet being the kind of fan i am, i had high hopes for this movie but in the end i was sorely disappointed.while i love the richard donner movies i didn't like their sometimes campy nature or the changes they made to superman's character and his powers.singer however chose to take the worst elements of the donner movies and put them in his version.while his lex luthor is slightly darker he's still nothing more than a shyster, a conman and a common criminal. he's no more intelligent than when gene hackman played him. kevin spacey does his best to play luthor well but ultimately he falls victim to shoddy writing and unremarkable dialog.his henchmen are more two dimensional than even comic book henchmen. most of them literally have no dialog in the movie.****spoilers ahead**** kitty kowalski is almost exactly the same character as ms. tesmacher. she seems to be as evil and cold as lex luthor but she proves to be just an underling who melts after seeing superman in trouble and quite predictably betrays luthor.the biggest disappointment in the movie was frank langella as perry white. i wasn't a huge fan of the over the top perry white in the donner movies but at least he had a soul. he was after all said and done, a veteran reporter who cared about the truth and a good story. langella's perry white is nothing but a corporate stooge. he wants everyone to concentrate on the superman related stories because they sell papers even though every other paper is doing the same thing. he doesn't care about the real stories, the real mysteries like the black out and what lex luthor is up to now that he's out of prison.the worst thing about langella is that he's dull! some actors can be quiet and sober and yet have an undercurrent that lets you know that still waters run deep. frank langella is puddle.brandon routh is not a bad actor. he's ok but again there is not a single memorable line in the whole movie. not the actor's fault. his movements are clearly meant to look graceful, like even the slightest movement of his fingers effects the way he flies. but it still looks choreographed and artificial.lois lane while badly written was surprisingly well acted by kate bosworth. unfortunately, again, for a pulitzer prize winning journalist and writer, she is about as eloquent as any teenage on dawson's creek.james marsden was my favorite actor in the whole movie, mostly because he looks more like superman than even routh. without any superpowers he manages to figure out lois lane's message, flies a plane to the location, gets on board luthor's yacht and rescues lois and her son.the only moving moment in the movie is when they are all trapped pantry as it is flooding with water and the ship is sinking. you see them slowly going being immersed in the water. you know superman's going to come by at the last moment to rescue them but still you can't help but feel sorry for them.as i said before the plot is very haphazard. unlike singer has said, this is not a movie about a superhero returning and trying to find his place in the world. as soon as he returns the world welcomes him back with open arms. lois is the only one who's not happy to see him back. even luthor is happy to have superman back because it gives him a chance to settle the score with the man of steel.superman is shown to be probably one of the dumbest heroes in the universe. a big green piece of meteorite is stolen from a museum, lex luthor is out of prison, he now has knowledge about superman's powers and weaknesses, and yet he's still not able to connect the dots enough to know luthor would be using kryptonite against him.according to the movie the only thing superman is good for is lifting really, really heavy things. the action sequences are all incredibly predictable.

i guess this movie is a fitting tribute to the first superman film,as it is just as crummy and painfully long as the original.after an opening scene consisting solely of murky intergalactic visuals, the credits pay homage to the even-crummy-looking-for-their-time futuristic sweeping credits of the original superman film.then there is some more murky stuff. ma kent sees some kind of murky ruckus on the farm, and spends a good portion of my life slowly walking up to some debris in the cornfield. then superman sneaks up on her and faints.next we catch up with lex luthor in a scene about many murky close-ups of an old lady as she dies. we don't see luthor's face until the end of the scene, an early instance of the film's drive to leave no hackneyed stone unturned. lex luthor is a guy who doesn't like superman because he is not human. also, he probably doesn't like humans either, as the movie occasionally features some kind of plot about lex luthor planning to kill most of earth's population.after a while, clark kent shows up back at his old job (i forgot to mention, he had been away on a five year trip where nothing happened). then he finds out lois lane has an illegitimate kid and is dating cyclops. it upsets him so much that he loses control of his super strength to such an extent that he accidentally breaks a picture frame.at this point we see that miss lane is on some kind of jet attached to some kind of space shuttle. it is some kind of important event on account of it is on television. then we learn that there are people in a control room monitoring this event. there are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit. the film then reminds us that these people are involved by cutting between them for most of the summer.as the events leading up to the inevitable disaster started to build, i excused myself to get a soda. i accidentally walked back into the wrong theater and watched that movie about al gore showing slides in its entirety. i tried to find my way back to superman returns, but i somehow wandered into prairie home companion, which i watched twice in a row. then it was time to stop messing around.i walked back into the first theater, found my seat, and looked up to see that the impending lois lane space shuttle disaster was almost upon us. still, it seemed to be taking forever, so i wandered around the theater, met a girl, got married, raised a son and sent him off to college. while attending my son's medical school graduation, i remembered that i should probably check in on superman returns, so i excused myself and raced back to the theater only to learn there was no need to hurry. it still took about another half hour before things went wrong for space shuttle lane. when they did, superman saved everybody, which was pretty cool.. and then there is a a subplot where superman turns really creepy and starts stalking lois lane and her family with his x-ray vision and super-hearing. then he tries to get her to cheat on cyclops, who seems like a good guy.meanwhile, lex luthor is involved in some kind of contest to display every possible generic villain behavior before the end of the movie. i forgot to bring my scorecard home with me (they give you one at the door), but i think he scored damn close to one hundred percent. i hope he wins the million dollars.at this point, things start to gear up for the big murky finale. i think maybe the projector was broken, on account of the movie seemed to be in some kind of loop for a while here. i remember seeing murky things growing out of the water, superman getting sick, superman getting better, back to the murky things, he's sick again, no wait, he's okay again.then lex luthor unleashed his final bad guy move: yelling at his girlfriend a little bit.then superman died and came back to life. i thought the movie was over, so i left.ninety years later, the nursing home where i lived felt a little chilly. i realized i left my sweatshirt back in the theater, and i went to retrieve it. when i did, i was slightly surprised to find that superman returns wasn't over yet. i tried to ask some of the viewers what i missed, but most of them were only skeletons with long gray beards by now.i sat back in my old seat and watched as lois lane puttered around her house for a while. then superman showed up and started quoting the beginning of the movie, and since i already saw that part i thought it was okay to leave.so that is my review of superman returns.oh, also, if you like jokes about people eating dogs or jokes about one dog eating another dog, you will love this movie. on account of there are two jokes like that in it.

special effects? good.script? terrible. no plot. no depth. no meaning. this film rendered superman as a meaningless hero, a hero with no archetype. in the original film, he represented america in the cold war. here, he represented nothing but a hulk.sure, the actors were fine. kevin spacey was a fine choice, among others.this still does not resolve the problem that this film had no depth whatsoever. i cannot see how anyone can come away with anything meaningful from this film, when superman was, and is, daily created to be a meaningful hero in not only comics but also in people's minds. this was a real waste of money considering how many directions this film could have taken.just a few instances: lex luthor could have been a villain of global corporatism, political domination, totalitarianism, and on and on and on. he was just another goofball hackman incarnation.and superman? for what did he stand in this film? nothing but another hack "savior" figure.wait until it comes to the dollar theater if you see it at all.

first, let me just comment on what i liked about the movie. the special effects were fantastic, and very rarely did i feel like i was watching a video game. there, that is the last nice thing i have to say about this film. in fact, i would just like everyone reading this to take note that i can't even put into words how hard it was for me to write this review without swearing. i have innumerable complaints about the film, but four major complaints jump to mind. my first major complaint has to do with the incredible cheesiness of the "plot twist" (if you can call it that since most people probably saw it coming a mile away) where lois's 5 year-old son turns out to be the super-powered child of superman. when the crying super-child throws a piano at lex's henchman to save his mother, i almost got up and left the theater. singer could have made a much better superman movie without resorting to cheap gimmicks like a seemingly fragile but latently super-powered illegitimate child. it's been 5 days since i saw the movie and i still want to vomit. my next major complaint has to do with the fact that superman lifts a continent made out of kryptonite up into outer space. it doesn't take comic book guy from the simpsons to point out what's wrong with that. i don't know how many comic books brian singer has read, but when superman is exposed to even a small amount of kryptonite he barely has the strength to stay on his feet. whoever had the idea to have him fly a large island made out of his greatest weakness into space has no business being associated with any superman-related projects ever again. the concept is as ridiculous as making a dracula movie where the title character has a stake through his heart and still manages to fly a spaceship made out of garlic into the sun. why not just have superman eat kryptonite? he can eat it and then brush his teeth with it, and then go to sleep in kryptonite pajamas. that's not any more absurd then having him hoist a continent of kryptonite into space and then fall powerless through the atmosphere without burning up in re-entry or splattering all over central park when he hits the ground. my third major complaint has to do with the fact that singer slaps movie-goers across the face with religious symbolism the entire movie. i have to take issue with his characterization of superman as the only son of a god-like jor-el sent to earth to be a savior. jor-el wasn't all-wise, he was just a scientist. and he didn't send his son to earth to be a savior, he threw him in a rocket and hurriedly fired it into space because his planet was about to explode. i'll buy the christ allegory if brian singer can show me the part in the bible where god sends christ to earth because heaven was about to explode, and then radioactive pieces of heaven become christ's primary weakness. furthermore, the "crucifixion" scene where luthor stabs superman in the side with a kryptonite "spear" just makes me want to slam my face into a brick until i'm too brain-dead to notice the brazenly obvious and inappropriate symbolism that will be tainting the man of steel for the foreseeable future. they might as well rename this movie "superman returns: the passion of the christ."and speaking of luthor, my last major complaint has to do with singer's depiction of lex luthor. lex luthor is a shrewd, cold-hearted business tycoon who is more apt to run for president (which he does in the comics) than try to destroy the world. the man wants money and power; he wants to be in charge, not wreck everything. yet the luthor we see superman returns, as well as all the previous superman movies, is a wacky theatrical dunce who comes up with zany schemes to destroy the world. if singer had the slightest loyalty to the characters instead of the (quite awful) previous superman movies, this film might not be such an unbearable travesty. maybe singer's next project can be a batman movie where he focuses on the interpretation of batman from 1960s tv show. zam! whap! pow!!to summarize, i don't know what i hate more, the movie itself or the fact that so many people seem to be giving it good reviews. everyone is entitled to their opinion, but if you don't hate this movie then your opinion is wrong. i sincerely encourage anyone who reads this not to see this movie if you haven't already. don't see it, don't buy it when it comes out on dvd, don't rent it...basically don't contribute any money towards it in any way. this movie does not deserve to make any money. in fact, i think that for every person that sees this movie, bryan singer should be fined 45 billion dollars. if you're a superman fan and you really want to see this movie, just bend over and have someone kick you in the balls and you'll get the same experience without having to waste 2 hours of your time.

along with 2 days in the valley, i think this is one of worst movies i've ever seen. just another of the long line of tarantino rip-offs that have emerged since pulp fiction. the atmosphere the movie creates is amusing for the first five minutes, but then the film makers make the unforgivable mistake of allowing unnecessary and grotesque violence to up the "hip" quotient. you're better off skipping this one.

i anticipated the release of the film as much as any fan of the broadway play. i waited and read reviews for months about the award winning performances. i mean with the star power of eddie murphy, jamie foxx, beyonce knowles, danny glover... the movie couldn't be less than 4 out of 4 stars, right? wrong! i was definitely disappointed by the finished product. the film did not match up to the publicity hype it was given and the only saving graces were eddie murphy, anika noni rose and jennifer hudson.eddie murphy's james brownesque performance rescues the movie just when it hits its multiple lulls and jennifer hudson's performance compels you to pay attention each time she's on screen. her performance of "and i am telling you" was the only time that i felt the hype was deserved. you cringed as she begged her no good man to let her stay in the group and in his life. as many reviewers have stated, she steals the movie from the more experienced actors and deserves all the accolades she's receiving for this performance. anika noni rose was also a strong presence with a great voice and comedic talent. jamie foxx and beyonce knowles, on the other hand, cruised through their performances. foxx's acting skills for this film seemed to predate his extraordinary "ray" performance and beyonce knowles was on an extended fashion photo shoot or video taping, posing and shimmying her way through the movie. her performance wasn't strong enough to make you care about her character at any point in the film.the movie was too hyped, 30 minutes and 1 song (beyonce's "heartfelt" solo to jamie foxx) too long.dh -- vancouver, wa

yes there are great performances here. unfortunately, they happen in the context of a movie that doesn't seem to have a clue what it's doing. during the first 45-60 minutes of this all the music takes place as realistic performance. suddenly, about an hour in, the characters who, until this point, had always spoken to each other, suddenly start singing to each other. to further confuse things, a little further in, out of nowhere, they actually do about 15 minutes of sung-through dialog, then seem to drop that idea and move on to other things, such as a number that begins in a jazz club with a drummer and two electric guitars suddenly turning into a fully orchestrated piece with a massive unseen string section. on top of all this inconsistency in how the music is used, is the composers' clear inability to actually write music in the style that is supposedly being portrayed. while the first couple of pieces do sort of mimic the 1950s motown sound, the rest of the film is just (bad) broadway show music. then there's the pure silliness of snippets of a group doing a bad jackson family imitation and eddie murphy morphing from little richard to james brown to lionel richie. when he started channeling stevie wonder i couldn't help laughing out loud. this was clearly one of those films that make me appreciate how little time i have on earth and resent that i wasted two hours of it watching this film.

i had been looking forward to seeing dreamgirls for quite a while...what with all it's raving reviews, nominations and media attention. and i must say, the first quarter of the movie was good! it really portrayed the black music scene back then. however, as the movie wore on, me and my whole family were bored out of our wits. the singing just kept coming, one after the other. i mean seriously, just one more music number and it would have broke even with rent.furthermore, i noticed hardly any character development in any of the characters; i just didn't care what happened to them! even when eddie murphy's character died of a drug overdose, i knew i should have been sad, but i just couldn't feel any emotion for that character. the characters were given a flimsy background about singing in their childhood and whatnot, but there personalities were not revealed enough to draw me in.finally, the conflict was simply not significant enough to make the viewer care, which goes along with the lack of character development. this movie reminded me of a copy-cat movie based on ray, chicago, and rent (ray and chicago were wonderful movies in my opinion). overall i think this movie would best suit someone who doesn't really care about an overall story, yet would enjoy two hours of entertaining and fun singing performances.

despite the excellent cast, this is an unremarkable film, especially from the aviation perspective. it may be somewhat better than the egregious "von richthofen and brown" but not by much. "blue max" remains the best of a small market over the last 35 years while "darling lilli" is fun if not taken seriously. it's interesting to speculate what ilm could do with zeppelins and gothas in a new, high-quality ww i aero film.

funny that i find myself forced to review this movie, but here i am.i am reviewing it, because just recently, i have had the chance to witness the revival of r.c. sheriff's play "journey's end" on stage in new york, at the belasco theatre, starring hugh darcy, boyd gaines, jefferson mays and others, as well as being masterfully directed by david grindley.i left the theater shattered. i am not exaggerating, i was flabbergasted. after almost two and a half hours of a recreated and very claustrophobic depiction of soldier's life in the trenches of the somme (i speculate), during world war one, brought to life vividly, by everyone involved, i came out of the theater with the shakes.mind you, i am not easily shocked, nor am i too sensitive. i am a stage actor and a director myself, so i know the buttons being pressed to achieve certain effects, both emotionally, as well as psychologically.but what i had just witnessed, came so much to life, that i had chills in my spine as i left.none of these emotions came to life, while watching "aces high", the movie based on this play and even adapted for the screen, in cooperation with r.c. sheriff himself, shortly before he died.the screen adaptation takes place in the skies over france. so, gone is the claustrophobic ambiance to start with.the only plus of the movie, are the aerial battle scenes, which look dated in their special effects, compared to today's standards, but still very valid in the flying tactics adopted on screen.granted there had been a couple of screen adaptations of "all quiet on the western front" by erich maria remarque, which takes place in trenches, and not in the sky, but that was the "german" vision on things, if one would like to be picky on such things."journey's end" is just the other side of the medal, and would have made it into a great movie, if they had left it alone and intact.the transfer on dvd is poor, even though in widescreen and adapted for 16:9 tv screens, the quality of the film itself is that of a movie theater. nothing more, nothing less. it sports various defects, such as minor scratches and dots, although the copy, for the rest, is clean.if you want another wwi movie in your collection, especially for those who love and enjoy to see aerial battles among old-timers, then this is a picture for you. but i rather would suggest "von richthofen and brown" as an alternative, although that too, is a movie filled with inaccuracies.for the rest of you, who love good acting and drama, i would leave this one out. buy the play. go watch the play, if you have the chance to get a decent revival of it near you, but keep off this would-be adaptation.it is an anti-war movie, granted, but the weakest i have ever seen in my lifetime ever.the presence of actors such as trevor howard, ray milland, richard johnson and john gielgud, is just a bluff, since they are just seen in very weak and very brief cameo roles throughout the movie.mcdowell, the very talented christopher plummer, simon ward and peter firth, all deliver very weak performances, not due to their lack of skills, but rather due to lack of true and solid direction.there are too many gaps in it, and as said before, it drags itself to the dubious end. dubious because in the original play, none of the men we come to know and sympathize with, stay alive. they are all killed in a fatal and futile mission. in the movie they all die, except malcolm mcdowell, who manages somehow to stay alive another day, being the wing commander of the unlucky bunch, just to receive another three pilots to fly and die for another lost cause.the end of the play leaves a bare stage in total darkness. you just hear the cannons roar, the machine guns rattle, and grenade impacts throughout the theater. then, suddenly, total peace and silence. the curtain comes up. lights. and here they all are. lined up, standing straight and rigid. obedient corpses...far more interesting and far more shocking than "aces high" finale, which is also dragged by the hair.it is up to you to judge.for me, if i had the money and the contacts to do so, i would take the play and develop it, the way it was meant. adding here and there some action scene in the field, just to visualize the "outer" horror and slaughter going on in the "vasty fields of france", around the men involved, but then, just strictly concentrating on what is going on, in that tiny "shack" at the edge of sanity and the world...want such a movie?then ask for it.this is not it.

before i begin, i want to briefly say that this movie in and of itself is very well made and well acted by all involved, including whittaker, who indeed deserves his nomination. it is highly entertaining, and . . . taken in the right context as a work of fiction, it is a very good movie. for that, i give it the two stars.however, rather than wasting your time with what you can read a hundred times elsewhere, i want instead to point out the absolute fictional nature of this film and how dangerous it is to sell people a work of fiction as if it is truth. i stress that this film nowhere in the credits lets us know that the main character, dr. nicholas garrigan, is a complete invention of fiction. rather, it presents this character into a real historical setting, and allows the uninformed viewer to assume he was in fact real, and what they are seeing is the truth. i have no problem with the blending of fact and fiction - but to do so in such a dishonest matter is, in a word, reprehensible.there can be no doubt that africa, along with most third world countries is rife with human misery and suffering. hollywood has long attempted to capture the suffering of people in these countries on film. but hollywood also has its eye toward making money. the only true way to capture the suffering that seems to happen everywhere but the west is to either experience it for yourself, or to at least have it captured in an honest documentary.but these depictions of fictional characters in real historical settings can only do so much. at the end of the day, they become less about presenting the facts for the viewer to decide for himself, and more about leading you from image to image and hitting you over the head screaming, "see, we told you it was bad!" the seminal example of this can be found by anyone willing to watch the documentary on the dvd after sitting through the movie. arguably the most shocking image of the film is the viewing of the body of kay amin, idi's second wife, whom he killed when he discovered her infidelity. in the film, we see that her limbs have been severed and reattached in reverse (arms for legs and vice-versa). this is the director making sure you understand that amin is, as the gungans say, bom-bad! but watching the documentary, we learn that this is in fact nothing more than a myth, which the sitting minister of health at the time himself tells us is not true.so . . . what . . . they just make up these things? why? because hollywood has a low opinion of our intelligence, that's why! they don't trust us to come to the right conclusion ourselves. look, that she was murdered and dismembered is in itself enough for us to conclude that amin was not the likable guy he portrayed to the media - we don't need this texas chainsaw massacre inspired imagery to reinforce that! and this is just the tip of the iceberg. what is also not explained to the casual viewer is that lead character garrigan is himself fictional. there was no young scottish doctor taken under amin's wing. as such, garrigan is clearly present only for the sake of helping us dumb westerners understand the african world. the producers seem to thing we won't be interested in a film about africa unless there is a white face in it. (ironically, even the titular character is portrayed by an american black actor!) the problem with this is that the movie is no longer an expose of amin and his regime, but instead an exploitative thriller about a white westerner coming to africa for all the wrong reasons, making several horrible mistakes, and then "redeeming" himself, even at the cost of three other innocent lives. honestly, i have to say it is nearly reprehensible to suggest that the real tragic death of mrs. amin was the result of a tryst with a fictional scottish doctor - it almost seems to become a morbid joke for the sake of entertainment! i really wish hollywood would stop jerking us around for our money. i first realized its propensity to do this with the woefully manipulative a beautiful mind, ron howard and akiva goldsman's sugary-sweet adaptation of the life of john nash, which deleted the darker side of the man to present only the tortured hero that america just can't get enough of. the sad truth is that hollywood has been selling us these fakes for years, and viewers, who are predictably and understandably too lazy or uncaring to investigate for themselves, buy these fake portraits hook, line, and sinker.look, i'm certainly not suggesting amin is being turned into a villain he wasn't. my point is, with the truth being so shocking enough to convince us of the brutality of the man, why must hollywood then go to such fictional lengths? why must hollywood continue to insult us by holding our hands through these films? why can they not trust us to think for ourselves!? can we not just put the honest portrayals on screen and let the audience decide for themselves? i urge all who continue to watch hollywood's purportedly "true" movies to do yourself the favor of always investigating for yourself, and to never assume that what is on screen is even close to the truth!

this so-called prequel is just a badly made remake to to a better version of dangerous liasons. the plots are identical as is most of the script. i loved the book its based off of, and i loved the first movie, but i'm not even going to bother with the 3rd movie. the pointless banter between the two main characters in the prequel was completely predictable and unoriginal, and...i just can't stress how bad the movie was. if you don't want to take my word for it, just watch it, and you'll see what i mean. if you've read a review that says that 'if you likes the first one, you'll like the second one' the only reason that is is because it is the exact same movie! although the plot is not even as good. they took so many lines from the first movie, its hard to tell which movie you're watching.

the first cruel intentions, the original, is my favorite movie of all time. it was an absolute masterpiece. so how on earth could they make a sequel so downright bad. sarah michelle gellar was perfect in the first movie. in this one, amy adams sucks. she is terrible. and couldn't they have found a chick who actually looked like sarah michelle gellar? at least the same hair color!!! i mean come on. robin dunn isn't as bad as adams, but he is absolutely terrible when compared to ryan phillipe. the sebastian in the first film is devious, deceitful, and much more evil than the sebastian in the prequel. and what is up with the story line. it basically goes like this...1- sebastian has a bad rep at his first school, so the movie says, although it mentions nothing about him and his dating life, and how he has been with girls 2- sebastian moves to new york, and just suddenly decides he's going to turn himself around. he "falls in love" with danielle (might i remind you that in the original, sarah michelle giller says quote "you broke up with the first person you ever loved because i said to- so how can he have been in love in the prequel???). and he's all nice and charming, and all "good person", as he turns down sex from the chick his dad was doing.3- he does a complete 180, and ends up in a threesome at the end of the movie, and then seducing cherry.i mean, its terrible. and i loved the first one so much. i haven't even seen the third one yet. i hope to god its better than this prequel.

i watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning, a time in the day where i am usually very open when it comes to movies. but still i think it wasn't good, this movie wasn't good at all. the reasons why are many.the acting isn't all that good, and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90's chevy chase comedy. i mean, come on, like the handcuff situation, and the poker situation amongst the servants... this movie was so obviously based very much on the first one, and thats ok. but if i hadn't seen the first one before seeing this, it would have sucked even worse. like the ending, it came very suddenly, and i felt like i got no closure what so ever... sebastian changed very suddenly, and this this movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1, and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good. the score is the same as in the first one, and it didn't feel like a movie at all...they should have handled the situations with more style and class, but they didn't, and therefore, this movie turned out bad...

cruel intentions 2 is bloody awful, i mean uber-bad. words can not explain how bad it is, but i'll give it a go anyway.the plot of cruel intentions 2 is very similar to the first film. sebastian (robin dunne), is kicked out of a private school and is forced to move to new york. there he decides to make a fresh start and just a life a normal life and settle down. unfortunately he has to deal with his step-sister kathryn (amy adams) wants to drag him down. sebastain starts to fall in love danielle (sarah thompson), the innocent daughter of the headmaster of the school. kathryn wants sebastain to just sleep around with the whole school which had been describe as a 'whore-house'. kathryn also wants to get revenge with cherie (keri lynn pratt), who humiliated her during the school assembly. kathryn wanted to make the freshman into the biggest slut in the school, a similar sub-plot to the first film.cruel intentions 2 is basically a cancelled tv-show, which was turned into a prequel. there are so many problems with the film. it is poorly written, unfunny, and badly acted. luckily for amy adams that the show never took off because now she is a fairly big actress. whilst cruel intentions had a sense of realism and can been seen to be set in the real world, cruel intentions 2 is set in sitcom land and as described on amazon.co.uk 'a randy version of saved by the bell'. there were some dark themes involving sex and drug use in the first film, but in cruel intentions 2 tried to make it funny and some of the ideas in the film shouldn't be, such as kathryn having an affair with a teacher. other ideas also don't work such as the secret society where all the popular kids meet to discuss the downfall of other students. the film also had a major problem of sexualised 15/16-years-old. i know that teenagers do have sex, sometimes a lot, but when done on film or television, is treated very seriously. one famous sense was when daneille encourages cherie (who is around 14/15 in the film) to simulate sex on the back of a horse to the point where she has a orgasm. the idea of turning a girl around 14/15 into a slut is just very wrong with me, and shouldn't be made into a subject of comedy. the jokes in the film fall flat, whether if it's a verbal gag like 'she goes all moist when she sees you' to a visual gag where sebastian pushes kathryn face first into mud.there is a lot wrong with this film, which i don't have time to go into, but i say it should be avoid. just watch cruel intentions, whilst not a classic, still is a decent film and treats the subject matter well.this film is just a pervert's wet dream, having school-kids having lots of sex with each other.

basically, cruel intentions 2 is cruel intentions 1, again, only poorly done. the story is exactly the same as the first one (even some of the lines), with only a few exceptions. the cast is more unknown, and definitely less talented. instead of being seductive and drawing me into watching it, i ended up feeling dirty because it compares to watching a soft-core porn. i'm not sure whether to blame some of the idiotic lines on the actors or the writers...and i always feel bad saying that, because i know how hard it is to do both...but it was basically a two-hour waste of my life. it literally amazes me that some movies get made, and this is no exception...i can't believe they'd make a third one.

they had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat. in the first cruel intentions, we are left wondering what motivated the lead characters to become the way they are and act the way they do. there is almost no character development whatsoever in this prequel. it's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me. it was as if they left out good writing in place of unneeded f-words. and the end makes absolutely no sense and doesn't explain anything. the writing was just terrible. another thing that bothered me was that they used at lease 3 of the exact same lines that were in the original. such as "down boy", or the kissing scene, and a few others i can't remember. i was not impressed at all by robin's acting, but amy did a great job. that's about the only thing that reconciled this movie.

half past dead, starring steven seagal in the main role was a major b-hit. half past dead 2 is just a direct-to-video sequel, an action movie with nothing lose but with no capacity to win something. it's less entertaining than the first one: in all aspects. but it's although worthy a look. if you like action movies or just something to watch during a popcorn session; if you also like to watch former wwe stars on screen or even if you love to watch sequels, even if they are direct or not.kurupt did a good job, bill goldberg was below the average, i think he isn't made to the job. kurupt is a good comedian, i say. the rest did the job, but nothing amazing, nothing far from alright.technical details, well, a production made by sony can't be great. cinematography was a disaster but overall direction was acceptable. whatever, just watch it if you want. if you watch, you won't lose anything. but if you don't... well, you won't lose either.

for those of you who were desperate to find out what happened to twitch in the original movie, heres your chance, and then get back to the real world.the guy who hid the gold in the first movie told twitch, so he gets transferred to another prison, where wrestling champs hang around looking broody. twitch plans to leave the jail in a month to get the gold to start a life with his woman.then something happens and someone gets shot, and the film turns into die hard in another prison. but the wrestler's daughter is caught up in it all, so he and twitch go to find her and twitch's woman.as you can imagine, the acting is below par, it features a lot of (really annoying) rap music, and poorly edited fight scenes. on the plus side, it's got that hispanic bloke in it, who stars in every prison/action/thriller ever made, and he shuts a door in this.it's not very eventful, but at least it's harmless.if you were a massive fan of the original, it's okay-ish stuff.if not, you have been warned.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning long time inmate twitch (kurupt) gets himself transfered to a tougher prison than the re-opened alcatraz. he claims it's to be closer to his lady but his real motives are a bit more grandiose. there he crosses paths with burke (bill goldberg) a bulky prisoner who can take care of himself. twitch, despite being less muscular, is just as mouthy and is pretty much the same. but there is a gang war brewing between the black and hispanic inmates that explodes into a hostile takeover of the prison when the black's gang leader is shot dead and the finger points at burke. but the sh!t really hits the fan when the real killer and leader of the hispanics, cortez (robert madrid) takes twitch's girlfriend and burke's daughter hostage.steven seagal doesn't do sequels (reportedly very opposed to the idea of under siege 2 and only agreeing to do it on the condition the film company he was with at the time let direct his own movie) so despite this being a dvd sequel, the lead role this time round goes to bill golberg (steve doesn't even appear in some of the stock footage from the first film that appears towards the end.) but there's a reason he hasn't done much work since universal soldier 2 and that's because he's not much of an actor, and not much of an action star either, managing a character that begins as very dark and brooding but unsubtly turns into a standard action hero awkwardly quipping off dull one-liners. support wise, veterans from the first film, kurupt and tony plana, have merely jumped at the chance of extra work.this is a film that's tried to copy the style of the original quite well, with the dim lighting, dark shadows and rap music playing over a lot of it. it does this quite well, unfortunately it can't contend with an unengaging hero, an equally cardboard villain and an apathetic story that the makers do very much seem to have made up as they went along. **

i can't believe that none of the official reviews for this movie warn people that it contains two quite upsetting sexual assault scenes. it's as though our culture accepts this kind of behavior as simply sexual but not violent. my biggest problem with the movie is that it doesn't seem to condemn these assaults - as in, the woman who is repeatedly assaulted and pressured never holds the men accountable for their actions, and neither does anyone else. one man is stopped from completing the assault when someone throws a dagger at him, but he is reprimanded only with "you cannot force a woman to love you" rather than "you should never force a woman sexually, you jerk"... from a woman's point of view, the movie is a let down. it sort of "throws a bone" to women in letting them be both skilled fighters and leaders, but the movie is much more defined by the romance - which is characterized by the notion that human sexuality must involve an imbalance of power, with men dominating the woman they love. this amazing martial arts fighter doesn't use any of her fighting skills to try to fend off her attackers. she never even makes them apologize - rather, she seems apologetic. overall, a depressing and upsetting movie, with some great cinematography and some cool fight scenes, but not as good as hero by a long shot.

