i don't want to go too far into detail, because i can't really justify wasting much time on reviewing this film, but i had to give an alternate opinion to hopefully help people avoid the movie. the animation is crud and the story alternates between boring/pointless to extremely irritating. the humor was completely lost on the audience, and yes - ghost in the shell fans, this is not an action sci-fi or anything like that - its an attempt at slapstick comedy, and the humor just did not work after being translated. it was a total chore to watch this movie, and horrible way for me to kick off the film fest, especially considering how excited i was and how open i was for anything - i wasn't expecting a ghost in the shell sequel, but i was expecting something entertaining, and it simply didn't achieve this. yaaawwnnn... rent kino's journey instead.

vijay krishna acharya's 'tashan' is a over-hyped, stylized, product. sure its a one of the most stylish films, but when it comes to content, even the masses will reject this one. why? the films script is as amateur as a 2 year old baby. script is king, without a good script even the greatest director of all-time cannot do anything. tashan is produced by the most successful production banner 'yash raj films' and mega stars appearing in it. but nothing on earth can save you if you script is bland. thumbs down! performances: anil kapoor, is a veteran actor. but how could he okay a role like this? akshay kumar is great actor, in fact he's the sole saving grace. kareena kapoor has never looked so hot. she looks stunning and leaves you, all stand up. saif ali khan doesn't get his due in here. sanjay mishra, manoj phawa and yashpal sharma are wasted.'tashan' is a boring film. the films failure at the box office, should you keep away.

the worst movie i have seen since tera jadoo chal gaya. there is no story, no humor, no nothing! the action sequences seem more like a series of haphazard akshay kumar thumbs-up advertisements stitched together. heavily influenced from the matrix and kung-fu hustle but very poorly executed.i did not go a lot of expectations, but watching this movie is an exasperating experience which makes you wonder "what were these guys thinking??!!".the only thing you might remember after watching it is an anorexic kareena in a bikini.the reason why i did not give a rating of '1' is that every time i think i have seen the worst, bollywood proves me wrong.

if this is a 2008 product from one of the biggest production houses of indian film industry (yash raj) then i am afraid it is a very long ahead for us to reach the right standards.if you can go wrong to this length with such an enormous star cast of anil, akshay, saif and kareena, then movie making is still to be studied much harder by everyone associated with this film. the film lacks in almost all departments except cinematography and akshay kumar. he has a few good dialogues to render but that alone cannot make you enjoy a flick with huge expectations.the first scene of a car going down into a river from the mountain has very cheap graphics like that of a cartoon film. that itself was a clear indicator of the director's vision. every actor who otherwise is an asset to a movie is simply wasted. anil kapoor's gimmick of attempting good english falls flat most of the times. and saif will surely hit himself thinking why he signed this movie.in short it's the biggest waste of resourses after "jhoom barabar jhoom". i would say that even "aaja nachle" was a better enjoyable movie than this.one cannot understand how and why this kind of script was written and approved. the most unwanted was the flashback sequence of akshay's love story. after the faulty script the weakest point of the movie is its music. vishal shekhar have given just some filler tunes to each song. the songs start off very well and suddenly the tunes drop drastically. only one song "falak tak chal" is somehow good of all in the lot. an opportunity wasted by vishal shekhar.regarding the continuity intelligence of the makers just sample this : akshay and saif are on the road in the hilly area of a foreign location (probably ladakh). in the next scene they are searching for kareena in haridwar and then back in the hills with kareena in the dicky of their car. i am still thinking who wrote this.if you manage to sit till the last then the climax is too long with silly and unnecessary stunts. you can see all the heroes walking through the storm of bullets not hurt as if they are god. are we still seeing a 2008 movie with all these technical heights achieved? so no more words on this pathetic and downgrade movie but a sincere request to senior actors from their fan.dear anil kapoor & akshay kumar, if possible please ask for a preview of your movies after their first copy is out. as artists of such stature, you have certain responsibilities towards your fans and viewers. people still clap for you as you enter the screen in your first scenes respectively. i think this kind of movie should not see the daylight as it hampers the reputation of all associated with the movie, the actors and the production house both.

i had some expectation for the movie, since it had a nice star cast and it is the return of the duo of akshay and saif. well, i was hesitant to watch the movie because this was done by the same man who wrote the story for dhoom franchise because i hated dhoom 2; but if dhoom 2 is compared to tashan, i would say dhoom 2 is very realistic. when i saw the credits at the beginning, i felt nice because it was put up in a nice way. well, the very first scene itself pis*ed me off. then, the major drawback of the movie is the action sequences. me and my friends were laughing our guts off watching this crappy fights. it was like akshay against some 30 thugs and all and the thugs even got machine guns! phew...you got to see this to understand how bad the action sequences are.the other thing about the movie is the far too predictable story. it reminded me of some of the early 80's movies.well, the only thing the movie is worth is of sexy kareena, who looked really hot in this one.and for that, i give a rating of 2 out of 10.guys, please..please...don't see this one thinking that it is a real gangster movie. well, you can watch this to have some laughs at the terrible fight scenes.thats all.

ok, i am not japanese. i do know a little about japanese culture, and a little less about japanese pop culture. other than that, i am spanish, i eat paella and i like black humor.good, with that point set, i can comment on the movie: i have no idea on how it is enjoyable to the japanese audiences, mamoru oshii is quite a good director- despite the overly pedantic postmodern stuff in the style of talking head, and even that was curious and somehow interesting- and i am surprised he came up with this. it may just be one of those lost-in-translation cases, i am afraid it is, but as a european viewer watching the film with subtext overloaded english subtitles i just thought it was horrible. the jokes seemed bad, the script was overcooked- i mean, give the audience a break, and shut up a little you damn narrator- to the point of almost making my head explode over an overkill of fast-paced speaking and absurd action.however, i thought the animation was really cool. the idea is great, and it is well exploited in those animated scenes. however, the eye-candy finishes as soon as the characters are left aside to start with an endless not funny at all mumbo-jumbo speech over still pictures. it just makes you want to fast forward to the next cut-out hysterical characters scene.i read mamoru oshii is actually planning on a sequel for this. the idea was good but horribly exploited. maybe the second part will bring up the good parts of this first one and actually make an interesting movie, or maybe it will be more and more over-narrated scenes. but hell, if you thought talking head was dense, amazing lifes of fast food gifters will give cause you a stroke.of course, all this comment is based on the experiences of someone who is european. probably this is totally useless to japanese people, maybe it was a really funny film lost in cultural frontiers and translation. maybe.

jewish newspaper reporter justin timberlake (as joshua "josh" pollack) is puzzled when a courtroom defendant whispers "thank you" to testifying officer ll cool j (as rafe deed) as he leaves the witness stand. in the opening sequences of this film, you are given the explanation. you will see mr. cool j's devilish detective partner dylan mcdermott (as frances "laz" lazerov) decide not to murder damien dante wayans (as isaiah charles). the cops in the city of "edison" are so corrupt they shoot their suspects, steal their money, and snort their dope. whether he's out to impress his girlfriend (herein, called "pussy") or win a pulitzer, the city's corruption does not sit well with the noble mr. timberlake.timberlake decides to investigate the corruption, which reaches both unexpected scope and life-threatening levels of danger. writer/director david j. burke keeps the film above water, but just barely. ll cool j beats timberlake in the "pop star to movie star" sweepstakes (aka the "rapper to actor" progression). mr. mcdermott has fun with his role. lending gravitas to the proceedings are sagely supporting actors morgan freeman (as moses ashford) and kevin spacey (as levon wallace). f.r.a.t. means first response assault and tactical, but it's more important to know that "edison (force)" stars justin timberlake and ll cool j, not morgan freeman and kevin spacey (who seems lost).**** edison (9/17/05) david j. burke ~ justin timberlake, ll cool j, morgan freeman, dylan mcdermott

unless you are mentally ill or the most die hard segal fan you will tire of this horrendous excuse for a film in under 5 minutes.the plot - even for a seagal film, the plot is just stupid. i mean its not just bad, its barely coherent.the acting - unbelievably wooden. literally seen better acting in porno's. ironically this film tries to cash in on this audience which a 'lesbian love scene' which is utterly cringe-worthy.special effects - wouldn't look out of place in a 60's sword and sorcery flick.unless you suffer from insomnia and have exhausted all other cures, don't make the same mistake as i did and buy this dvd, as you will be asking for that hour and a half of your life back.

steven seagal movies have never been oscar material but with each passing release they get worse and worse.this one starts with seagal getting picked up by the fbi because he killed a few people 'in self defence' he's active military so is saved from jail to rescue a stolen stealth plane that will be used by the cliché 'evil english villain' that hollywood is so obsessed with including these days.suffice to say the film has terrible dialog that is almost always delivered with a hefty topping of cheese and lack of acting talent. the story isn't interesting and there are segments of it which make absolutely no sense and do not add anything to the story, characters of movie as a whole such as the 'lesbian' interaction between the two main females in the cast which is there purely for titilation to get viewers and yet isn't even titilating just confusing as it makes no sense as to why it happened when it didn't need to.in short a terrible script with bad dialog, delivered by sub-par actors, boring and at times badly choreographed action scenes, and non-relevant parts that only serve to achieve the near-impossible and make the movie even worse.save 98 minutes of your life and give this miss, even if you are seagal's most ardent fan.

i just watched this movie on starz. let me go through a few things i thought could have been improved; the acting, writing, directing, special effects, camera crew, sound, and lighting. it also seemed as though the writers had no idea anything that had to do with the movie. apparently back in 2007, when the dollar was stronger you could buy a super advanced stealth bomber that could go completely invisible for $75 million. now-a-days those things cost about $3 billion and they cant go invisible. apparently you can fly from the us to the middle east in an hour. there was a completely random lesbian scene, which i didn't mind, but it seemed like a lame attempt to get more guys to see it. the camera would randomly zoom in on actors and skip to random scenes. oh yeah, since its a steven segal movie, its predictable as hell. all in all i rank it right up there with snakes on a plane.

nobody could like this movie for its merit but, if you have a sense of humor and enjoy schlock movies for their mst3 quality, then this is for you. it ranks up there with "road house" for its preposterous characters, sets and story line. the bad writing really cracked me up: "i want you to dust those guys off" instead of ". . . dust those guys." f-14s take off from the carrier but, when they get into formation, they're f-16s! without a hint of anger or skepticism, segal goes back to work for the general who, only minutes before, was overseeing a covert "mind wipe" on seagal. segal runs out of bullets and resorts to a knife to kill the guards. so naturally, the guards all drop their guns and fight with knives too! the hand grenade is a dud but explodes anyway. the little stealth fighter can fly all the way from california to afganistan without refueling. then segal flies it back to california - the long way, i.e., by way of europe - even though there's a carrier giving him air support 20 minutes away in the arabian sea. the cic in the carrier consists of 3 black pcs, 2 flat screen tvs and pictures of gauges and maps on the walls. what a hoot!

first of all, f117 is not high tech any more and it is not a fighter aircraft.secondly, the f14's and f18's cannot change their appearances; they are not transformers. thirdly, the f16 has only one m61 cannon, not two. last but not the least, at the end of the film, seagle selected sidewinder missile. but somehow when he pulled the trigger, the actual missile fired turned out to be a maverick. as i have the experience of seeing f18's and f14's being mysteriously transformed into f16's, this small transformation of missiles is not a big surprise to me. however, there is still one question i have to ask: how did they manage to use an air to ground missile to shoot down a flying f16...when students hand in really bad work, teachers assign 0's. now i think for the sake of properly marking this film, imdb should seriously consider adding a '0/10' option. otherwise, it is not fair for those who receive 1 out of 10...

over the years i've seen a bunch of these straight to video segal movies, and every one holds the same amount of entertainment; unfortanetley, the entertainment level is at a low. sure, the action sequences were amusing, but that was pretty much it. seagal was really in his prime when he did movies like; under siege, under siege 2, and executive decision(at least on the action standpoint), but during the past ten years, these types of movies that star segal really do not meet his past qualifications.on the more positive side, the movie did make good use of time, like some of the action sequences and use of wit. just when the movie seemed to just drag on, a pretty cool action scene brought it up out of the gutter. i honestly believe that more of segal's movies would do better if he wasn't the only one that fans recognize in the movie. supporting actors and actresses are a very important thing, and if his current movies had this known supporting actors and actresses, maybe the movie will get more popular results.

you've gotta hand it to steven seagal: whatever his other faults may be, he does have good taste in women. if you pick a seagal movie, chances are there will be one or more very beautiful women in it. and usually, they do not function as mere eye candy; they get involved in the action and fight, shoot guns, kill with knives, etc. "flight of fury" offers the duo of ciera payton (who has a very sexy face, with luscious lips to match angelina jolie's) and katie jones, and finds time to get them involved in both a catfight and a little lesbian fondling! and if it seems like i'm spending a little too much time talking about them, it's because the rest of the movie, although passable, is so unexciting that it's hard to find much else to talk about. ironically, the weakest aspect is probably seagal himself, who looks as if he can't even be bothered to try to pretend to care. this being a military-type actioner, there is very little fighting in it, and he doesn't fit into his role (a stealth fighter pilot, "the best in the world", of course) very well, which may explain his almost offensive sleepwalking. (*1/2)

this movie should have never been made.what a shame of the budget.please hire convincing actors, and make a proper movie. very thin plot, and unconvincing lines. almost hilarious, and that is a shame for an action movie.... definitely not worth watching.they keep replaying the same "shots" of an stealth airplane flying away. you have seen it ones, and that was not worth re-running 3 or 4 times.it is time for steven seagal to retire from movie-making.his movies are getting worser every time.black dawn, and submerged were already bad, but this movie is even worse.

steven seagal, mr. personality himself, this time is the united states' greatest stealth pilot who is promised a pardon from the military(..who attempted to swipe his memory at the beginning of the movie for which he escaped base, later caught after interrupting a gang of robbers in a shootout at a gas station)if he is able to successfully infiltrate a northern afghanistan terrorist base operated by a group called black sunday, who have commandeered an air force stealth fighter thanks to an american traitor. along with a fellow pilot who admired the traitor, jannick(mark bazeley), john sands(seagal)will fly into enemy territory, receiving help from his arab lover, jessica(ciera payton)and a freedom fighter, rojar(alki david) once they are on ground. jannick is kidnapped by black sunday leaders, stone(vincenzo nicoli)and his female enforcer, eliana(katie jones), and sands must figure out how to not only re-take command of the kidnapped stealth fighter, but rescue him as well. and, maybe, sands can get revenge on the traitor he trained, rather(steve toussaint)in the process. sands has 72 hours until a general's navy pilots bomb the entire area. on board the stealth, black sunday equipped a biochemical bomb, hoping to detonate it on the united states.seagal gets a chance to shoot afghans when he isn't slicing their throats with knives. the film is mostly machine guns firing and bodies dropping dead. the setting of afghanistan doesn't hold up to scrutiny(..nor does how easily seagal and co. are able to move about the area undetected so easily) and the plot itself is nothing to write home about. the movie is edited fast, the camera a bit too jerky. seagal isn't as active a hero as he once was and his action scenes are tightly edited where we have a hard time seeing him taking out his foes, unlike the good old days. one of seagal's poorest efforts, and he's as understated as ever(..not a compliment). even more disappointing is the fact that seagal never fights in hand to hand combat with the film's chief villains, tis a shame. he doesn't even snap a wrist or crack a neck in any visible way(..sure we see a slight resemblance of some tool getting tossed around, but it's not as clear a picture as i enjoy because the filmmakers have such fast edits and dizzying close-ups).

flight of fury starts as general tom barnes (angus macinnes) organises an unofficial test flight of the x-77, a new stealth fighter jet with the ability to literally turn invisible. general barnes gives his top pilot colonel ratcher (steve toussaint) the job & everything goes well until the x-77 disappears, even more literally than barnes wanted as ratcher flies it to northern afghanistan & delivers it to a terrorist group known as the black sunday lead by peter stone (vincenzo nicoli) who plans to use the x-77 to fly into us airspace undetected & drop some bombs which will kills lots of people. general barnes is worried by the loss of his plane & sends in one man army john sands (co-writer & executive producer steven seagal) to get it back & kill all the bad guy's in the process...this american, british & romanian co-production was directed by michael keusch & was the third film in which he directed seagal after the equally awful shadow man (2006) & attack force (2007), luckily someone decided the partnership wasn't working & an unsuspecting public have thankfully been spared any further collaboration's between the two. apparently flight of fury is an almost scene-for-scene word-for-word remake of black thunder (1988) starring michael dudikoff with many of the same character's even sharing the same name so exactly the same dialogue could be used without the makers even having to change things like names although i must admit i have never seen black thunder & therefore cannot compare the two. flight of fury is a terrible film, the poorly made & written waste of time that seagal specialises in these days. it's boring even though it's not that slow, the character's are poor, it's full of clichés, things happen at random, the plot is poor, the reasoning behind events are none existent & it's a very lazy production overall as it never once convinces the viewer that they are anywhere near afghanistan or that proper military procedures are being followed. the action scenes are lame & there's no real excitement in it, the villains are boring as are the heroes & it's right down there with the worst seagal has made.flight of fury seems to be made up largely of stock footage which isn't even matched up that well, the background can change, peoples clothes change, the area changes, the sky & the quality of film changes very abruptly as it's all too obvious we are watching clips from other (better) films spliced in. hell, seagal never even goes anywhere near a plane in this. the action scenes consist of shoot-outs so badly edited it's hard to tell who is who & of course seagal breaking peoples arms. the whole production feels very cheap & shoddy.the imdb reckons this had a budget of about $12,000,000 which i think is total rubbish, i mean if so where did all the money go? although set in afghanistan which is a war torn arid desert flight of fury looks like it was filmed down my local woods, it was actually shot in romania & the romanian countryside does not make a convincing afghanistan. the acting is terrible as one would expect & seagal looks dubbed again.flight of fury is a terrible action film that is boring, amateurish & is an almost scene-for-scene remake of another film anyway. another really lazy & poorly produced action thriller from seagal, why do i even bother any more?

flight of fury takes the mantle of being the very worst steven seagal flick i've ever seen...up to now.it's a dreadful bore with no action scenes of any interest, seagal isn't really trying in this - he's fat and his voice is dubbed once more.the co-stars fare no better, being a rather sorry load of 3rd raters.the direction by keusch is very poor and it comes as no surprise that he's also responsible for another couple of seagal stinkers (shadow man & attack force) the screenplay co-written by seagal himself is laughably inept.according to imdb $12m was spent on this boring load of old tosh - if these figures are correct i sense a big tax fiddle as nowhere near that amount was spent.flight of fury is actually a shot for shot remake of the michael dudikoff flick black thunder - which has to be better than this tripe.this has no redeeming qualities whatsoever,give it a miss! 1/2 * out of *****

end of the world is an uneventful movie, which is odd since it is supposed to be about the total destruction of the earth. the main character is some kind of scientist, i'm not exactly sure what kind. he has two jobs at a government(?) facility guarded by four security men. his first job is monitoring transmissions to and from space (although this actually seems more like a hobby he does when not working on job #2). job #2 requires him to put on a protective suit and go into a dark room...at least that's the best i can figure. apparently the "plant" is not exactly top-secret, as the scientist brings his wife there. she hangs out (they're on their way to a dinner) while he discovers a message from space: major earth disruption, repeated over and over. he says something about it being the first message from space he's ever been able to decipher; his wife tells him they're going to be late for the dinner party. so they leave and go to the party (!?!). moments later he finds out that china has suffered a major earthquake. from there, the movie goes... nowhere! yes, christopher lee is in it, but that really doesn't help much. besides, lee gives a lackluster performance along the lines of his appearance in howling ii. this movie is boring, but it has enough stupid elements that you might want to suffer through it once if you like christopher lee or z-grade sci-fi. plus, there's lots of stock footage of the earth being destroyed.

this is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen, its horrible. christopher lee is good but he is hardly in it, the only the good part is the opening scene.don't be fooled by the title. "end of the world" is truly a bad movie, i stopped watching it close to the end it was so bad, only for die hard b-movie fans that have the brain to stand this vomit.

end of the world looks like a good movie on the box cover but be warned its bad.being a big fan of mega star actor christopher lee i was fooled. like tentacles(77)a good cast does not mean it'll be a good film.the beginning looks promising then it turns to tedium,many parts of the movie are too dark to see whats going on.the rest of the cast is shown briefly like;lew ayres,dean jagger,and macdonald carey as a security guard.i would expect better from charles band who made good fun movies like the re-animater and dolls.i heard christopher lee was tricked into making this film.he was told his co stars were going to be jose ferrer,john carridine,and dean jagger.well dean jagger is there but the other two never made it(lucky them)if you make a movie about the end of the world use a bigger budget and better storyline.dean jagger went on to do two good movies afterwards;alligator(80)and game of death(79) sue lyon(lolita)is also in the movie minus her lollipop.if you are a glutton for punishment then watch end of the world i dare you to say awake during the whole movie.1 out of 10.

what can i say about this film other than "don't see it". i waited and waited and waited for someting (or anything) to happen and it just didn't come. watch amazingly as two people walk around while setting the record for most filler screen time in a single movie. what are they doing? are they solving a mystery? are they gathering clues? possibly, it's just hard to tell. at the end of the movie, after a lot of radio signals are decoded (illegibly on some sort of pet monitor) and this guy gives some lectures, the plot is finally revealed and tossed aside as quickly as possible. some aliens want to get back to their home world utopia and are so happy there that they want to blow up the earth (i guess they don't like sharing the wealth). my guess is they finished filming and saw their 35 minute work or art (garbage!) and decided that they'd let the editing crew turn it into an 88 minute feature film. watch at your own peril, it's not even funny because it's so bad, it's just bad.

dull, cheap sci-fi thriller, made with an almost total lack of conviction (a control room full of computers and other devices used to receive and decipher messages from outer space is run by only one man, and is very poorly guarded at night), and full of campy sound effects. christopher lee is not only wasted, but he also gives one of his few "i'm here strictly for the money" performances. (*1/2)

a good deal of running around. a badly conceived adversary with very little complexity. a scientist who works in communications sending off signals into space and receiving them, gets caught up with aliens. along with his pretty wife, he invades their territory and is given secrets about them. he becomes rather traitorous in the process. granted, he is given little choice anyway. there is a scene where he gives them everything they want. this is a dull movie with lots of long stretches where little happens. the plot isn't technically bad. it's just that we are usually following a car, a trip through a woods, investigating a building. this is what editing is all about. i suppose the story wouldn't technically support much more. not much here.

"a scientist discovers signals from space that appear to carry information concerning a series of seemingly unrelated natural disasters, occurring across the globe. hoping to discover the source of these signals and who's behind them, the scientist and his wife set out on a trek to locate the intended recipient of the signals. what the couple eventually discovers is a small remote convent with occupants who are not really who they appear to be," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.kirk scott (as andrew boran) is the scientist who intercepts alien messages on his computer. he suspects a series of "large earth disruptions" may be connected to the weird space static. mr. scott and pretty blonde wife sue lyon (as sylvia boran) investigate the mysterious signals from outer space. they discover priestly, but creepy christopher lee (as "father pergado"), and other silliness. given that, "end of the world" is remarkably dull. *** end of the world (1977) john hayes ~ kirk scott, sue lyon, christopher lee

christopher lee is one of my favorite actors! i'm trying to view all of his work. he has been known to single-handedly save movies with his presence. unfortunately, this is not one of them. this movie suffers from a low budget and it's production values are disturbing. please...for the love of christopher....avoid this film!

spoilerswow, end of the world is a singularly underwhelming cinematic experience.here is the full story: a scientist is getting messages from space (a la independence day). the messages say stuff like a massive disaster is about to happen and then the scientist hears later on the radio that a huge earthquake just happened in china. he starts thinking that the messages have something to do with the disasters around the world so he's trying to figure out who's receiving the messages (and who's also sending out messages in space). he and his wife eventually figure out that the messages come from a convent. they visit it. everything looks normal, including the priest played by a bored christopher lee. but the scientist is adamant and really believes that the messages are coming from and going to that convent. so he and his wife secretly go back to the convent where they are caught snooping around by the aliens, disguised as priests and nuns. they are held against their will and the alien played by lee forces the scientist to get something they need in order for them to return to their planet. once the alien get the special element, the aliens all depart one by one to their home planet in some sort of tacky looking transporter platform. lee, being the last alien left, tells the couple that the earth will be destroyed because of some sort of hokey decision by the aliens. lee walks in the transporter and he's gone. the couple, looking at the monitors that show stock footage of natural disasters occurring all over the world, decide to follow the aliens. because earth is doomed, the couple doesn't see any point of staying behind so they walk in the transporter and disappear. the last shot of the movie is a papier mache planet earth exploding. the end.that's it. i've never seen such a dull movie in my life. it's the most underwhelming movie i've ever experienced. the scientist and his wife are two of worst heroes or protagonists ever put on screen. they don't care about anything. they see the earth disasters on the monitors and decide "what the heck, who needs earth anyway?" they don't even try to stop them or do something to make things better. this kind of story might have worked if the film had an overwhelming sense of doom to everything but the action and atmosphere are nonexistent. the actors and the folks behind this dull flick are going through their paces, so much so that you can almost feel when they punched their cards when they got off and returned to work. i wasn't expecting much with this movie because it is a charles band production, but i didn't expect it to be this bad.christopher lee was once asked what was his worst film he ever made and he mentioned starship invasions. well, i'm sorry chris but starship invasions was actually goofy fun. starship invasions is terrible but terribly entertaining. end of the world is much, much, much worst: it's beyond dull and inert, with no entertainment value whatsoever.

it's got christopher lee, it's got huge banks of 1970s computers that make teletype noises as letters appear on the screen, it's got radioactive isotopes that not only glow in the dark but emit pulsing thrumming noises, it's got volcanoes! evil aliens disguised as nuns! tidal waves! earthquakes! exploding cars! exploding coffee machines! and as a climax the entire planet blows up. how on earth does this film managed to be so incredibly, mind-numbingly dull? the answer, my friend is because 90% of this movie is made up of establishing shots, most of them involving long tracks, pans, or zooms in combinations, or occasionally all three, that do nothing except give the crew something to do. there are endless shots of our protagonists driving, getting in and out of cars, driving again, walking around looking at stuff, getting in cars and driving... i just sat there watching endless parade of nothingness in stupefaction muttering "say something, please somebody, just say something... do something... anything!..."the dialogue, when it does come, is terrible."maybe their minutes are measured on a different scale than ours." was a typically meaningless line. the script culminates in the destruction of the world by stock footage, justified in this speech from lee as the head alien:"the planet earth has emitted an over-abundance of diseases, they are contaminating the universe. all the planets light years away from here will suffer unless it is destroyed!" this is is neanderthal sf script writing. this is the sort of motivation you find in the sort of 1950's japanese monster suit movies aimed at 7 year olds. it is, and i collect such things, the most god-awful line from an english language sf movie since buster crabbe retired. it beggars belief that this movie was released in the same year as star wars and close encounters.lee, who always struck me as a smart, useful actor with a sure knowledge of his limits, delivers his lines as if he is going to kill his agent for getting him into this pile of drek. i don't blame him.

your mind will not be satisfied by this nobudget doomsday thriller; but, pray, who's will? a youngish couple spends the actual end of the world in the hidden laboratory of some aliens masquerading as church people.small _apocalyptically themed outing, end of the world has the ingenuity and the lack of both brio and style of the purely '50s similar movies. and it's not only that, but eotw plays like a hybridnot only doomsday but convent creeps as well. the villain of the movie is a wellknown character actor.this wholly shameless slapdash seems a piece of conventexploitation, that significantly '70s genre which looks today so amusingly outdated. anyway, the convent's secret laboratory is some nasty piece of futuristic deco! christopher lee is the pride of end of the world; but the end of the world is not at all his pride!

this film had a great cast going for it: christopher lee, dean jagger, macdonald carey, lew ayres -- solid b-movie actors all. but this downer of a movie didn't use any of them to any sort of advantage, with none of their characters even meeting on screen (though christopher lee does get to play opposite himself in several scenes).the motivations for the aliens in this movie seem to change at the drop of a hat. first, they just want to repair their ship and leave, then they turn on the main character by killing most of his friends and not releasing his wife after he gets them the crucial part they need. then, out of nowhere, this "peaceful" race decides they have to destroy the planet because it causes too many "diseases" (though they do offer the main character and his wife a spot in their society).most of the film is spent watching the man and wife drive or walk or stand around or sit at desks doing nothing. you almost wish they had gotten taken out with the rest of the planet at the end, just in vengeance for boring us to death.unless you really like chris lee or seventies low-budget sci-fi, i'd give this one a miss. it falls into that narrow range of wasted celluloid between star odyssey and ufo: target earth.

the earth is destined to be no more thanks to father pergado and a bunch of nuns. christopher lee (who has since said that he was duped in to appearing in this by his producers who told him loads of great actors were involved) is father pergado and gets to do his usual serious and scary routine. the cast are not too bad, though most have now retired from acting. the film has terrible sound effects (mainly created from pressing keys on an old computer it seems) and it ridiculously pondering at times - showing a scene of the sky, for instance, for what feels like hours at a time. despite this the story is pretty humorous in a world-is-doomed sort of way and the production is adequate. interestingly one scene features albert band and wife jackie; meda band; writer frank ray perilli and charles band's assistant bennah burton. despite its plodding nature i genuinely wanted to see how it all worked out and thus quite liked it.

i saw this movie in the theater when i was a kid and always remember it as my first experience with getting ripped off by a horrible movie with a good commercial. the commercial was great, but it i found out later that it had every explosion or 'special effect' in the entire movie (about 4) and even some that weren't in the movie. there was some sort of plot relating to the aliens but the aliens were never actually shown in the movie as far as i remember. it was clearly a case of someone making a buck off a cheap movie designed to scam people. i guess my world of innocence ended that day, when i found out there were bad people out there who make bad bad movies.

this movie was terrible!i rented it not knowing what to expect.i watched the 1st 5 minutes and the movie and knew it was a bomb.the acting was bad and there was no plot.the monster is soooooo fake.it growls and its mouth doesnt move.also why would they have a doctor playing a xylophone to kill the monster.just plain bad don't even waste your time.(1 out of 10)

wow, i just saw this on t.v. as one of the "scary" movies they show around halloween. was this rated g? there wasn't really anything to make this movie scary, or worth watching. also, other people say this is a spoof, but i don't think so. for a spoof, you need something called "humor". this low-budget crap-fest didn't have a shred of humor, and it didn't make much sense, either. you basically have a goofy looking monster (man in rubber suit) coming out of closets, killing people, i guess, since you never see the monster doing violence to anyone or any bloody aftermath. the spinning newspaper tells you that people were killed by the monster, so i guess that's good enough.the military tries feebly to kill the monster, which isn't much larger than a man. they have very bad aim. then the military flees! wow, did this movie make the u.s. military look pathetic or what? the monster, while hard to kill, doesn't do much besides shuffle around and roar. oh, and occasionally a second head pops out of its mouth and shrieks. it was a slightly interesting, yet a total alien ripoff.what was the deal with the scientist playing the xylophone to attract the monster? it was hard to understand a lot of the dialog due to the poor sound quality. also, why did the monster carry around the main wimpy guy for so long? why didn't the monster go into the closet when it had a chance? why do i insist on trying to make sense out of the senseless?

if there was ever a call to make a bad film that reflected how stupid humanity could become, this one would take the prize. the plot centers around bible prophecies that lie in hidden messages of the scriptures that prompt a group of power-seeking thugs to attempt total control of the world. just how stupid does this writer believe people to actually be?  the acting was bad at best. casper van dien wasted his talent doing this film. michael york's work was a fair match for the role, since he was the center of the film, and did a good job.  this plot was sickening and very disturbing. no tender or immature minds should see this film. this is how a basic good vs. evil plot can go astray. there must be a lot of mental disease floating around the film circles, who look for ways to market this type of junk. there must have been something censored out to get a pg-13 rating, but it was still awful.

i didn't know what to expect from the film. well, now i know. this was a truly awful film. the screenplay, directing and acting were equally bad. the story was silly and stupid. the director could have made a smart and thought provoking film, but he didn't. i squirmed in my seat for the last half of the movie because it was so bad. where was the focus to the film? where was anything in this film? christians should boycott this film instead of promoting it. it was shabbily done and a waste of my money. do not see this film.

yes i admit i cried during this movie. it was so incredibly disappointing, that i couldn't help myself but cry. tbn (trinity broadcasting network) has done it again. first with having the million dollar man (ex-professional wrestler) on their program, and now this.the omega code follows a stream of sketchy religiously oriented movies. it was quite amusing, yet at the same time it was disturbing to find it so biblically inaccurate. the movie follows what is known as "the bible code" rather than following actual biblical scripture. this film is extremely poorly made; from its writing to its directing to its hilariously horrible acting. its depressing that people actually put effort into this movie. it appeared more like a late night movie someone would watch on the usa channel or a straight to home video rather than a theatrical released movie.i highly recommend you do not watch this movie, even if your life depended on it.

wow what a great premise for a film : set it around a film maker with writer`s block who decides to take up tango lessons . hey and what an even better idea cast the central role to a film maker who`s interested in tango. gosh i wish i had that knack for genius . yes i`m being sarcastic.it amazes me that these type of zero potential for making money movies are made . come on unless you`re a rabid tango fan ( i do concede they do exist judging by the comments ) or a die hard member of the sally potter fan club ( ? ) there`s nothing in this film that will make you rush off to the cinema to see it . even if you`re into tango much of the film is taken up with meaningless scenes like a house getting renovated or a man in wheelchair going along a road coming soon the review lesson where a failed screenwriter from scotland sits in front of a computer writing very sarcastic but highly entertaining reviews of films he`s seen . gasp in shock as theo robertson puts the boot into the latest hollywood blockbusters , weep in sympathy as he gets yet another rejection letter from a film company , fall in lust as he takes a bath and rubs soap over his well toned body . the review lesson coming soon to a cinema near you if anyone is stupid enough to fund the movieps sally potter is unrelated to harry potter

the dancing was probably the only watchable thing about this film -- and even that was disappointing compared to some other films. my gawd!to me, this is the worst kind of film -- one that assumes it's a work of art because it has all the trappings of film-as-art. yes, it's beautifully photographed, but ultimately lacks the depth and tension of the dance around which the film supposedly surrounds itself. tango is a tease, it's hot, it has drama, it's audacious -- precisely what this film is not.

this is the worst movie i have ever seen, and i have seen quite a few movies. it is passed off as an art film, but it is really a piece of trash. it's one redeeming quality is the beautiful tango dancing, but that cannot make up for sally potter's disgustingly obvious tribute to herself. the plot of this movie is nonexistent, and i guarantee you will start laughing by the end. especially where she starts singing. it's absolutely unreal.

strange how less than 2 hours can seem like a lifetime when sitting through such flat, uninspiring drivel. if a story is as personal as this supposedly was to sally potter, wouldn't you expect a little passion to show through in her performance? her acting was completely detached and i felt no chemistry between sally and pablo and the tango scenes, which should have been fiery given the nature of the dance, were instead awkward and painful to watch. obviously, revealing such a personal story on film can be daunting, and as such sally potter would have been wise to let a better actor take on the task rather than let her passion fall victim to her own sheepishness.

dire. just dire. the script is contrived, the acting painful, and the story just drags along. it is, without a doubt, a celebration of sally potter and little else. this wouldn't be so bad, but she's the director, writer and star of the film, and so is just self-glorification. i found myself not caring about the developing romance between the principal two characters, and the ending came not a moment too soon. it has two redeeming features. first is that a lot of the shots are really quite lovely, particularly in paris, and look rather good in black and white. secondly, whether you're a fan of tango or not, the music is by and large, excellent (except where sally starts singing). watch this film at your own risk, or if you need an unintentional laugh. i am sure it appeals to someone. statistically, it has to.

probably encouraged by admirers of her much-better "orlando", potter here delivers a vehicle for herself in the worst way: she writes, directs, stars, and actually co-writes the music, including a mawkish love song. the film strongly resembles a high school or college project by a teenager convinced that her own intimate loves and melodramatic obsessions are as fascinating to us as to her. but potter's character is as unsympathetic as the object of her romantic obsession is unlikable, and the whole film is an embarrassing display of narcissism masquerading as a celebration of the tango. perhaps if she hadn't cast herself it might have worked. she just can't act, whether playing herself or not. pretentious, over-ambitious, dull, and silly.

the film is severely awful and is demeaning to rape victims. on the surface, it may be a daring film about rape but if you dig beneath the surface, what lies is a not-so-positive message about rape. aishwarya the rape victim is shown to be a helpless victim who cannot cope all because she is a woman. she needs a man to help her. when the society makes jibes about her and throws comments at her, she does not stand up for herself. it is all left to anil kapoor to do all the talking while aishwarya does all the crying.the director (satish kaushik) went down the wrong path by portraying a rape victim as weak and submissive. what would have been more effective is portraying a strong woman who rebels against her enemies in a courageous way. the director is famous for being chauvinistic. his films are usually full of weak women but he tries to hide them in controversial roles. he needs to learn that just because the role is controversial, it does not mean that the character herself is strong.the most degrading scene in the film is when aishwarya 'cleans' herself after just being raped. she does it to please her father who thinks that she is now dirty. though it is commendable that shah shows the stigma against rape victims in such a stark light, what he does not show us is whether ash's father was wrong for making his daughter do such a thing. thus we are left with a confusing message about rape.the comedy too is not needed in a strong subject film like this. even more so, the comedy is simply not funny. ash is wooden in her role while anil kapoor does nothing but shout. the music is mediocre except for the title track, which is beautifully picturised (the only bright point of this film). sonali bendre's role is disappointing and pointless. overall, what could have been a great movie to remember ends up being an awful mish-mash that will give some viewers severe indigestion.

...but a lousy film. as maltin says this was christopher lee's attempt to make a serious horror film. well, it is serious...too serious! the plot is silly and slow (something about old people inhabiting the bodies of young children to achieve immortality)...the film is all talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the same things over and over again. i actually dozed off a few times! the film is sooooo dull! the cast sleepwalks through this with the sole exceptions of peter cushing and lee...but this was probably a labor of love for both (they often complained about horror movies being too violent...well, this has no violence!). avoid at all costs...unless you have insomnia...this will put you to sleep!

i won't add to the plot reviews, it's not very good.very improbable orphanage on bala.cushing and lee at their height.some nice scenery.good for face spotting, and i quote, "look at the mouth, that is cassie from fools and horses".otherwise, a poor example of the british film industry.fulton mackay was far better in fraggle rock, keith barron was better in anything else and diana dors did what she did best.redeeming feature? it was free to watch on the horror channel prior to its going over to subscription. i won't be subscribing on this effort.

i actually have a fondness for christopher lee, but this just wasn't up to his other performances... and he was one of the better actors.the film does not live up to its premise. it's not that scary, it's overly melodramatic, and it draaaaaags. every time i thought, "oh, here comes the good part" the good part never quite arrived.the evil ones aren't at all convincing. most of the other characters were also lacking in depth.perhaps if i'd been in the proper frame of mind, i might have enjoyed some mstie-fication at this film's expense, but.... naaahhh... didn't really seem to be worth the effort. it wasn't really very good, it wasn't really very bad, it was just mediocre.

"three daring daughters" is a sickly sweet, rose-colored look at divorce, remarriage, and single-parent living. obviously, social issues and economic difficulty have no place in the picture perfect life of a single parent mother who feels exhausted, takes a cruise, and then dates and marries a band conductor. even when the "its just a movie" phrase excuses the script from addressing real-life problems, 'daughters' suffers from too many incoherent high-note songs, children whose personalities are not based on real children and band leader hose iturbi playing himself. isn't it bizarre that any real person would star in a film in which their supposed real self gets married? admittedly, this movie was released in the nineteen forties. only a love for old style hollywood romance and comedy could make 'daughters' a tolerable film.

in an otherwise good review, loleralacartelort7890 says "the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum-anti-radiation-alloy. it is not that well-known. and the exact specifications are a secret. and why is it a secret: well, why should they reveal it back then?? if they where in a space race with the russians, then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation." this is completely incorrect. there is (and was) no "secret" to radiation protection in apollo. the design and construction of the apollo command module has long been publicly available. it uses a lightweight "honeycomb" of aluminum and stainless steel. the entire outer surface (except the windows of course) is covered with a heat shield made of a phenolic resin, thicker on the bottom that faces forward during re-entry. these materials are actually *better* at stopping the kind of radiation we have in space (charged particles) than lead, which is better suited to stopping ionizing photons like x-rays and gamma rays.space radiation is a definite problem for *long term* space flight because of the risk of big solar flares. but it simply wasn't a serious threat to the apollo astronauts. the command module gave them pretty good protection during their brief (1/2 hour or so) passage through the van allen belts. they all carried dosimeters so we know exactly how much radiation they each received: no more than 1.5 rem, and usually much less. of the 24 men who flew to the moon (12 of whom landed), 18 are still alive. only two have died from cancer: alan shepard (leukemia) and jack swigert (bone cancer). the rest died from heart attacks, pancreatitis (roosa), and a motorcycle accident (conrad). these are actually pretty good statistics for a group of men now in their late 70s (shepard would be 86).

i am a 11th grader at my high school. in my current world affairs class a kid in my class had this video and suggested we watch. so we did. i am firm believer that we went to the moon, being that my father works for nasa. even though i think this movie is the biggest piece of crap i have ever watched, the guy who created it has some serious balls. first of all did he have to show jfk getting shot? and how dare he use all those biblical quotes. the only good thing about this movie is it sparks debates, which is good b/c in my class we have weekly debates. this movie did nothing to change my mind. i think he and michael moore should be working together and make another movie. michael moore next movie could be called "a funny thing happened on spetember 11th" or "a funny thing happened on the way to the white house".

this documentary is founded on sponge cake as soon as you put any real evidence on it the integrity slowly sinks into a big pile of crap for example bart sibrel claims they must have had multiple lighting sources because the shadows appear to be crossing if this were the case wouldn't there be two or more shadows for each object when apollo 11 went through the van allan radiation belts they spent 30 min's there not the 90 min's claimed in the documentary and they received a dose of radiation more equivalent to that of an an x ray.seriously do some research learn what really happened don't let this pile of crap of a documentary mold your opinion of what really happened

i notice that most of the people who think this film speaks the truth were either not born before the moon landings (1969-1972), or not old enough to appreciate them. i think it is much easier to question an historic event if you did not live through it.i was a youngster at the time of apollo, but i was old enough to understand what was going on. the entire world followed the moon landings. our families gathered around the tv to watch the launch. newspaper headlines screamed the latest goings-on each day, from launch to landing, from moonwalks to moon liftoff, all the way to splashdown, in a multitude of languages. in school, some classes were cancelled so we could watch the main events on tv. during apollo 13 the world prayed and held its collective breath as the men limped home to an uncertain fate. you couldn't go anywhere without someone asking what the latest was. the world was truly one community. now with a buffer of 30-odd years after the fact, it is easy to claim fraud because worldwide enthusiasm and interest has died down. we are left with our history books, and anybody can claim that history is wrong and attempt to "prove" it with a bunch of lies and made-up facts while completely ignoring the preponderance of evidence showing otherwise--not to mention the proof that dwells in the souls and memories of those who lived through these wonderfully heady and fantastic days.

this so-called "documentary" tries to tell that usa faked the moon-landing. year right.all those who have actually studied the case knows different.first of all: there is definitely proof. when the astronauts was on the moon, they brought back many pounds of rock from the moon - for geological studies. these where spread around the world to hundreds of labs, who tested them. and they all concluded that they came from the same planet, not earth: because the inner isotopes of the basic elements are different from those found on earth, but similar to those calculated to be on the moon. i.e. the conspiracy theorists never studies anything: they only take the thing that fit into their theory and ignores the rest.another wrongful claim from them is that their was wind in the hangar where they shot the moon landing, i.e. the flag moves. there is a logical explanation: the astronaut moved it with his hand, so it moved. and what proves this: well, if the conspiracy theorists even studied the footage, they would see that the flag never moves after the astronaut have let it be, i.e. the conspiracy theorists are bad-scientists, they cant study a subject properly, or only studies it until they have what they came for, so that they can make a lie from that, and make a profit (i.e. this so-called "documentary").a claim says that it cant possible have been filmed on the moon because all the shadows come from different places, because there are different light-sources, the artificial lighting from the studio. once again the conspiracy theorists are wrong (as usual), the same would happen in an earth desert at night, with no light-sources. but i doubt that any conspiracy theorists have ever been outside their grandmothers basement for more than how many days a star treck-convention is held over.the conspiracy theorists are in denial, big time. they only see what they want to see. so they make up all these lies to seem important - that is a fact.

the only reason i didn't score this a one is that sibrel does show that he is adept at the technical aspects of making a film. it is a technically adept film.that having been said, this is a film based on lies and distortions that are quite easily disproven. most of the documentary is spent using propaganda techniques to bash the space program, rather than actual fact. and sibrel's "irrefutable proof" that the landings were faked is easily refuted if you know anything about orbital mechanics.i do not recommend watching this, but if you do, see it at google video for free. don't let bart sibrel profit from your curiosity.

the last tarzan film starring johnny weissmuller (looking surprisingly aged a year after "tarzan and the huntress") is bad, in spite of all the trivia one can add to make it look better. it is obvious that rko tried to make a great farewell for weissmuller, shooting in beautiful scenery in méxico, with a top star of that country (andrea palma) and multiple award-winning cinematographer gabriel figueroa, and bringing in prestigious composer dimitri tiomkin to do the score. although it may have cost less for filming abroad, it looks more expensive than any other rko film in the series, taking advantage of acapulco beaches and real pyramids as aquatania, and with impressive décors for all the scenes related to the temple of god balu (especially the exterior, built on steep rocks.) kurt neumann should have stayed as director, instead of robert florey, who gives it a very slow pace. neumann had done a fine work with "tarzan and the amazons", "tarzan and the leopard woman" and "tarzan and the huntress", and finished his career directing the classic "the fly" the year before his death; while florey became a television director, after a career of few remarkable films. if weissmuller looks tired, the chimp playing cheeta is not as good as the others, but the worst character is benji, an obnoxious mailman who sings horrendous songs (that have a caribbean air, in a location supposed to be africa and shot in méxico!) boring and decidedly of dubious taste, it was a sad farewell to weissmuller's tarzan.

the finale of the weissmuller tarzan movies is a rather weak one. there are a few things that derail this film.first, tarzan spends much of the film wearing floppy sandals. in my opinion, any footwear on tarzan, whether it be sandals or boots as sometimes portrayed, takes away from the character, which is supposed to be anti-civilization and pro-jungle.second, the character of benji, as mentioned in a previous post, totally derails the movie as the comic foil. to me, his character is unnecessary to the film's plot.also, while weissmuller still cuts a commanding figure as tarzan, it's apparent that he was not in his best shape. although in his later jungle jim movies, his physique had improved somewhat from this film.the octopus battle is a terrific idea, but i think it should have been done in an earlier weissmuller film when he was at his physical peak. likewise, the battle, which takes only 30 seconds tops, would be much more thrilling if it was drawn out to 90 seconds to 2 minutes like the classic giant crocodile battle in tarzan and his mate.and while brenda joyce as jane and linda christian as mara are overwhelmingly pleasing to the eye, it doesn't manage to salvage this last weissmuller film - a disappointing ending to a great character run.

johnny weissmuller's final film as 'king of the jungle', after 16 years in the role, tarzan and the mermaids, is bound to disappoint all but the most ardent of his fans. at 44, the ex-olympian, one of hollywood's most active 'party animals', was long past the slim athleticism of his youth, and looked tired (although he was in marginally better condition than in his previous entry, tarzan and the huntress).not only had weissmuller gotten too old for his role; johnny sheffield, the quintessential 'boy', had grown to manhood (he was a strapping 17-year old), so he was written out of the script, under the pretext of being 'away at school'. brenda joyce, at 35, was appearing in her fourth of five films as 'jane' (she would provide the transition when lex barker became the new tarzan, in 1949's tarzan's magic fountain) and was still as wholesomely sexy as ever.produced by sol lesser, at rko, on a minuscule budget, the cast and crew took advantage of cheaper labor by filming in mexico. while the location gave a decidedly hispanic air to what was supposedly darkest africa, veteran director robert florey utilized the country extensively, incorporating cliff diving and an aztec temple into the story.when a young island girl (tyrone power's future bride, linda christian) is rescued in a jungle river by tarzan, he learns that a local high priest (george zucco, one of filmdom's most enduring villains) had virtually enslaved the local population, threatening retribution from a living 'god' if they don't do his bidding. the girl had been chosen to become the 'god's' bride, so she fled. faster than you can say 'is this a dumb plot or what?', the girl is kidnapped by the priest's henchmen and returned to the island, and tarzan, followed by jane, colorful spanish character 'benjy' (charmingly played by john laurenz, who sings several tunes), and a government commissioner are off to take on the deity and his priest (poor cheeta is left behind). after a series of discoveries (the 'god' is simply a con man in an aztec mask, working with the priest in milking the island's rich pearl beds), a bit of brawling action, and comic relief and songs by benjy, everything reaches the expected happy conclusion.remarkably, tarzan and the mermaids features a musical score by the brilliant film composer, dimitri tiomkin, and is far better than what you'd expect from this 'b' movie! while the film would provide a less-than-auspicious end to weissmuller's time in tarzan's loincloth (he would immediately go on to play jungle jim, a more eloquent variation of the ape man, in khakis), the talent involved lifted the overall product at least a little above the total mess it could have been.tarzan was about to get a make over, and become much sexier...

this movie is without a doubt the worst horror movie i've ever seen. and that's saying a lot, considering i've seen such stinkers like demon of paradise, lovers' lane, and bloody murder (which is a close second). however, i love bad horror movies, and as you can tell from my username, this one really sticks out. at times there's nothing more entertaining than a poorly made slasher flick. as for this film, the opening scene in which a woman gets fried in a tanning booth appears to have no bearing on the film whatsoever, especially since the movie fails to tell you that the event happened 2 years prior to the rest of the film. the acting is nonexistent, and most of the camera shot are of women's areas shrink wrapped in spandex. the policeman was the most stone-faced, monotone actor i've ever seen. the best/worst part of this movie, however, has to be the murder weapon. a giant safety pin?! what were they thinking? who's the killer? a disgruntled "huggies" employee? i'd have to give this movie an overall zero, but darned if i didn't have a blast watching it

want to know the secret to making a slasher film set at a fitness center work? just pad the film out with lovely ladies in super tight workout outfits and have them bump and grind the floor like they are at a gentleman's club. that's what the makers of this horrid slasher film did and that little gimmick kept me watching till the bitter end. this is the worst slasher film i have ever seen, but every time i was ready to switch the channel, they'd add another scene with the workout girls and i'd stay put. as a slasher film, killer workout fails in every category i can think of. as a showcase for beautiful girls working out, it is a success. strong recommendation to avoid, unless the thought of half the film being a big t&a show appeals to you.

you know jason, you know freddy, and you know leatherface. now, get ready for: the safety pin killer! that's right, in killer workout, a dumb slasher movie if i've ever seen one, the unseen murderer dispatches his (or her?) victims with an oversized, novelty safety pin. it is an odd choice to be sure, the kind of thing that deserves an explanation. naturally, the movie never even attempts to clarify where the killer acquired such a thing.as the title suggests, an aerobics gym is under siege by a mad killer and everyone is a suspect. in fact, the movie gives so few clues as to the identity of the killer, just about everyone in the movie is a potential murderer until they get killed. and since just about everyone but the killer winds up dead, it's really just process of elimination. oddly, while the entire name cast is killed off, the aerobics classes continue in earnest. in fact, nothing is capable of stopping the dancing. while three men are murdered in the next room, the workout goes on. death isn't even a factor; one character dies, but is still seen prominently in the later workout sessions. director david prior knew what he was doing when named the movie killer workout and not logical workout.cop chases, explosive tanning beds, and hundreds of shots of women's exposed flesh are thrown in for good measure. much like the woman caught in the tanning bed, i felt very uncomfortable by the end of killer workout. finally, thankfully, the end flashed on the screen. what happened next? you got it, shots of the women working out. not even the end of the movie can stop them!

one two three four five six seven eight and back, haha. this is a must see, first of all to see the work out. there are a lot of work out shown, see those close ups, man you will enjoy it. a few years ago a video clip was surely based on this movie. it's a slasher but without suspense. the ending is funny too, and the clothes she's wearing in the wood confronting the copper, jesus, looks like a clown. the killings are mostly done off screen, the blood flows but never too gory. there are a lot of fight scene's too, and hey, no one got hurt. and what about the weapon to kill, never seen a big one like that, won't spoil it, you must see it. and being a slasher there's a lot of t&a too. to guess who's the killer you will be trapped a few times and that's the best part, but what about the story of the copper in the woods, huh! but still due his cheesiness this one is still one that many would like to have. i'm glad that i have my copy, one of those slasher failures. but man, those clothes and not to mention the hairstyles! if you are in your 40's then this is one is back to memory lane.

big hair, big boobs, bad music and a giant safety pin.......these are the words to best describe this terrible movie. i love cheesy horror movies and i've seen hundreds..but this had got to be on of the worst ever made. the plot is paper thin and ridiculous, the acting is an abomination, the script is completely laughable(the best is the end showdown with the cop and how he worked out who the killer is-it's just so damn terribly written), the clothes are sickening and funny in equal measures, the hair is big, lots of boobs bounce, men wear those cut tee-shirts that show off their stomachs(sickening that men actually wore them!!) and the music is just synthesiser trash that plays over and over again...in almost every scene there is trashy music, boobs and paramedics taking away bodies....and the gym still doesn't close for bereavement!! all joking aside this is a truly bad film whose only charm is to look back on the disaster that was the 80's and have a good old laugh at how bad everything was back then.

i love the book, "jane eyre" and have seen many versions of it. all have their strong points and their faults. however, this was one of the worst i have seen. i didn't care about jane or mr. rochester. charlotte gainsbourg (jane) was almost tolerable and certainly looked the plain part, but she had no emotion in any of her lines. i couldn't imagine what mr. rochester saw in her. that brings us to mr. rochester. william hurt had even less emotion than jane, if that were possible. how two such insipid people could fall in love is a mystery, but it certainly didn't hold my attention. perhaps the director (zeffrelli) fell asleep during the production.the timothy dalton (too handsome for mr. rochester!) version is far more faithful to the book, but ciaran hinds plays the perfect mr. rochester in the 1997 a/e version (which is not all that true to the book).trying to find something positive about this movie: geraldine chaplain was perfect in her role.

oh just what i needed,another movie about 19th century england. which is pretty much like regular england,only nobody's vandalising football stadiums.in this picturesque setting of lords,dames and other randomly chosen titles,charlotte gainsbourg walks around aimlessly as jane eyre,from that novel nobody has ever read willingly.jane usually hangs out in mr.rochester's crib,where she tries to teach a french girl to look at an empty chalkboard all the time.one day,mr.rochester(william hurt on auto-pilot)comes back to fall in love with jane and all that,but there's still the matter of his fruitcake wife that is locked in the attic.oops,that wasn't in the brochure.after some people being thrown around and some carefully spread fire(they probably rented the set),the movie finally comes to an end.everything looked really authentic,that's something i guess.but then again,nah.

this 1996 movie was the first adaptation of jane eyre that i ever watched and when i did so i was appalled by it. so much of the novel had been left out and i considered william hurt to be terribly miscast as rochester. since then i have watched all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel, the three short versions of '44, '70 and '97 and the three mini series of '73, '83 and 2006, and i have noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse rochesters.this is without doubt the most exquisite jane eyre adaptation as far as cinematography is concerned. director franco zerifferelli revels in beautiful long shots of snow falling from a winter sky, of lonely rochester standing on a rock, and of jane looking out of the window - but he is less good at telling a story and bringing characters to life. in addition, his script merely scratches the surface of the novel by leaving out many important scenes. as a consequence the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between jane and rochester, and sadly it does also not include the humorous side of their intercourse. there are a number of short conversations between rochester and jane, each of them beautifully staged, but the couple of sentences they exchange do not suffice to show the audience that they are drawn to each other. we know that they are supposed to fall in love, but we never see it actually happen. the scene in which rochester wants to find out jane's reaction to his dilemma by putting his case in hypothetical form before her after the wounded mason has left the house is completely missing, and the farewell scene, the most important scene - the climax - of the novel is reduced to four sentences. zerifferelli does not make the mistake other scriptwriters have made in substituting their own poor writing for brontë's superb lines, neither are crucial scenes completely changed and rewritten, but he makes the less offensive but in the end similarly great mistake of simply leaving many important scenes out. what remains is just a glimpse of the novel, which does no justice to charlotte brontë's masterpiece.the cast is a mixed bag: while fiona shaw is an excellent mrs reed, anna paquin's young jane is more an ill-mannered, pout lolita than a lonely little girl, longing for love. the ever-reliable joan plowright makes a very likable, but far too shrewd mrs fairfaix, and one cannot help feeling that billie whitelaw is supposed to play the village witch instead of plain-looking, hard-working grace poole. charlotte gainsbourgh as the grown-up heroine, however, is physically a perfect choice for playing jane eyre. looking every bit like 18, thin and frail, with irregular, strong features, she comes closest to my inner vision of jane than any other actress in that role. and during the first 15 minutes of her screen time i was enchanted by her performance. gainsbourgh manages well to let the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will which are hidden behind the stoic mask. but unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of jane's character any further. as a result of leaving out so many scenes and shortening so much of the dialogues, gainsbourgh's portrayal of jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory. this is a pity, as with a better script charlotte gainsbourgh might have been as good a jane as zelah clarke in the '83 version.but while it is still obvious that gainsbourgh is trying to play jane, there is no trace whatsoever of rochester in the character that william hurt portrays. hurt, who has proved himself to be a fine actor in many good movies, must have been aware that he was physically and type-wise so miscast that he did not even attempt at playing the rochester of the novel. his rochester, besides being blond and blue-eyed, is a soft-spoken, well-mannered nobleman, shy and quiet, slightly queer and eccentric, but basically good-natured and mild. he is so far from being irascible, moody and grim that lines referring to these traits of his character sound absolutely ridiculous. additionally, during many moments of the movie, hurt's facial expression leaves one wondering if he is fighting against acute attacks of the sleeping sickness. particularly in the proposal scene he grimaces like a patient rallying from a general anaesthetic and is hardly able to keep his eyes open. if you compare his rochester to the strong-willed and charming protagonist of the novel, simply bursting with energy and temperament, it is no wonder that many viewers are disappointed in hurt's performance. still, he offends me less than the rochesters in the '70, '97 and 2006 versions and i would in general rank this jane eyre higher than these three other ones. hurt obviously had the wits to recognise that he could not be the rochester of the novel and therefore did not try to do so, whereas george c. scott, ciaràn hinds and toby stephens thought they could, but failed miserably, and i'd rather watch a character other than rochester than a rochester who is badly played. and i'd rather watch a jane eyre movie which leaves out many lines of the novel but does not invent new ones than a version which uses modernised dialogues which sound as if they could be uttered by a today's couple in a starbucks café. of course this jane eyre is a failure, but at least it is an inoffensive one, which is more than one can say of the '97 and 2006 adaptations. i would therefore not desist anyone from watching this adaptation: you will not find jane eyre, but at least you will find a beautifully made movie.

having read the novel before seeing this film, i was enormously disappointed by the wooden acting and the arrogance of the producers in their blatant disregard of the plot. i feel this film in no way reflects the brilliance of bronte's work, and rather gave the impression of a shallow love story. in the condensing of the film to a short 2hours, the film lost many of the key features which make the book comprehendable and progressional, thus resulting in a somewhat jumpy plot with little grounding. there is no build up to the romance between rochester and jane eyre, so this appears rather abrupt and unfounded since the two characters have such infrequent interaction you cannot help but imagine their 'love' is superficial. this is such an injustice to bronte's novel;you are given no impression of jane's quirky cheek and boldness which attracts rochester to her, and his arrogance which attracts jane to him.despite to poor scripting, i think that a few of the characters were portrayed very astutely, namely mrs fairfax and grace poole, however overall the production was poor. given a better scripting, perhaps the film would have been more successful. see "jane eyre" (1970) with zelah clarke and timothy dalton for an outstanding production.

i agree with one of the other comment writers about good story & good actors but mismatched, and i would also say rushed. it has been about 24years since i read the book as it was in school. but i felt that you would need to know the story of jane eyre when watching this one as bits are left out & therefore it doesn't fully make sense. for example jane & mr rochester have hardly spoken & suddenly he is proposing marriage!!! the actors don't have time to let the audience know how their character feels about each thing happening in the story.the actors are good but aren't given enough time to do this story justice. i'm sorry to say it but i didn't really enjoy this version.the 1970 version with susanna york & george c scott would be the jane eyre movie of my preference but you should check out the 1983 bbc mini series version with zelah clarke & timothy dalton in the 2 main roles. i love it so much i watch it regularly.there is an abridged version which goes for 225mins or the full version for 330mins.

what was franco zeffirelli thinking? was hollywood responsible for this travesty, or can i take comfort in the idea that someone who didn't speak english as a first language just completely missed the point of charlotte bronte's classic? i don't think i can improve on a comment i read below, so i'll just paraphrase it: "jane eyre is a great great book, the screenwriter should read it sometime." it's true that this movie's two leads were sadly miscast. but pity the actors, because the screenwriter left out all of the best scenes. the dialog that makes you understand the jane and rochester have a meeting of minds and a shared sense of fun...deleted from the script. the marriage proposal, the fortune teller...gone. the allusions, half joking, half sincerely felt, to jane as a fairy sprite from olde england come to rescue rochester in his despair...eliminated.it is unfortunate that zeffirelli felt the need to completely rewrite the end of the novel and jane's interactions with the rivers family. but it is unforgivable that he has surgically removed the love from one of the best love stories ever written.do yourself a favor and go find the 1983 (?) mini series with timothy dalton.

i just finished a marathon of this series, and it became agonising to watch as it progressed. from the fictionalising of the historical elements, to o'herlihy's awful accent in later episodes, the show just slumps the further it goes. if you are looking for some low quality production generalised ww2 fluff, then i could recommend season 1, but avoid anything after that, it degenerates into being one step from a soap opera, with increasingly worse story lines and sensibility.the old b&w film is by far the best of any form of entertainment with the colditz name attached to it, and even that is not what one could hope for.

saw this 'film' recently and have to say it was the worst attempt at film making i have ever had the misfortune to see. what the hell was going on with coolio? totally unprovoked shooting at people in distress. totally uninvolving, slow, tedious and detached. worse than spawn. long live "evil dead ii".

what the hell of a d-movie was that? bad acting, bad special effects and the worst dialogues/storyline i ever came across. the only cool thing here was coolio, who had a nice cameo as a freaked out cop. however, the rest of the film is awful and boring. it's not even so bad, you can laugh about it. just plain crap. and whoever compares this to the evil dead series might as well compare tomb raider to indiana jones (well, ok, at least there was angelina jolie in tomb raider)! 1 out of 10

this movie is bad! it's basically an overdone copy of michael jackson's thriller video, only worse! the special effects consist of lots of glow in the dark paint, freaky slapstick fastmoving camera shots and lots of growling. i think the dog was the best actor in the whole movie.

this film is so much of a rip-off of the masterpeice "demons" and thats the only thing that makes the movie worth watching. the acting is terrible,the action scenes are speeded up,the script is almost painful and budget non existent.if you think this film is good then you havn't seen a real horror film, skip this and get a copy of the movie demons.

lame, lame, lame!!! a 90-minute cringe-fest that's 89 minutes too long. a setting ripe with atmosphere and possibility (an abandoned convent) is squandered by a stinker of a script filled with clunky, witless dialogue that's straining oh-so-hard to be hip. mostly it's just embarrassing, and the attempts at gonzo horror fall flat (a sample of this movie's dialogue: after demonstrating her artillery, fast dolly shot to a closeup of barbeau's vigilante charactershe: `any questions?' hyuck hyuck hyuck). bad acting, idiotic, homophobic jokes and judging from the creature effects, it looks like the director's watched `the evil dead' way too many times. i owe my friends big time for renting this turkey and subjecting them to ninety wasted minutes they'll never get back. what a turd.

this is arguably the worst film i have ever seen, and i have quite an appetite for awful (and good) movies. it could (just) have managed a kind of adolescent humour if it had been consistently tongue-in-cheek --à la rocky horror picture show, which was really very funny. other movies, like plan nine from outer space, manage to be funny while (apparently) trying to be serious. as to the acting, it looks like they rounded up brain-dead teenagers and asked them to ad-lib the whole production. compared to them, tom cruise looks like alec guinness. there was one decent interpretation -- that of the older ghoul-busting broad on the motorcycle.

my friend's mom used to work at a video store and got to preview movies before they came out, so when she brought home the convent, a horror movie, i couldn't wait to watch it. given that it's supposed to be scary but is actually downright hilarious, i can say that in some weird way, i like this movie. yes, the acting is bad, and yes, it's the cheapest movie i've ever seen, but it's so damn funny! "what, are you smoking ca-rack?!" i didn't know this movie even was ever released... i figured it was too bad... yeah, so... overall the movie is pretty bad (you gotta admit that much at least) but i promise you, you will get a good laugh out of it.*this movie kinda sucks but it's good for a laugh... especially that guy that holds the 'dagger of despair'.. the dagger of despaaaaaair!

this movie is one of the worst horror movies i have ever seen. from the very first scene, i knew it would be a smash crash. it starts with a seemingly bad girl killing a bunch of nuns in a mission. as it turns out, the people in it were possessed by some random zombies. well, some years later, some college kids are pulling some pledge prank. horrible acting goes from pledge to the head jock. things like the jock yelling at him to do stuff in quite a non-chalonte manner, with pledge over reacting and over-doing the whole "eager to be popular role" what really took the cake with this one is the final battle. absolutely horrible special effects with the guns. for example, guns making a noise with no muzzle flash, and vice-versa. this is accompanied by stop-animation zombies (why they move in stop motion is a mystery), cheesy music, and about 40 guns that come out of nowhere.overall, this movie is crap. just like so many others you can rent for 50 cents at your nearest low brow movie rental place.

this film wasn't programmed in italian cinemas,i have seen it at a manifestation called "fantafestival".i find it terrible because some scenes seems like music videos chaotic and dark, the use of fluorescent colors is ridicule and there's no suspence in the film. music is completely out of the story and i don't have words to describe the visual effects.if you look at the first scene the film seems to be interesting, but a few minutes later it becomes busy.the story is interesting but the development needs a complete review.

in fact, these young people were so distasteful that i couldn't wait for all of 'em to get slaughtered, and that includes clarissa (joanna canton) since i considered her the most annoying of the bunch.but i knew it was gonna be a mess from the opening minutes when a teen christine opened fired on the priest and the nuns with the leslie gore music playing in the background. it had nowhere to go but down.even the prosthetics looked fake and the "blood" looked suspiciously like hawaiian punch, although later on it took on red day-glo look to match the silly halloween makeup they were all wearing. i'm sure all the goth morons out there will appreciate this bullsh-t since it'll appeal to that bunch. it sure didn't appeal to me. blah...and not even my favorite horror babe adrienne barbeau can save this stupid teen horror flick from itself. she still looks hot, though. i'm glad she takes care of herself since we don't get to see too much of her nowadays.however, it is a step up from dante tomaselli's meandering horror (2002) in that it has a somewhat coherent plot, so i'll give it that much. that and the little boston terrier named boozer also brings it up a notch. i like what boozer does to clarissa in the end. it was the only good scene in an otherwise silly film.lion's gate films sure must have been desperate when they picked this one up.2 out of 10

when i tell people that i review movies as a hobby, the first thing they say is "what do you think of such-and-such movie?" there are a couple of problems here. firstly, there is the probable chance that i've not seen it and thus, i ruin my reputation. secondly, i could trash the movie in question without realising that it's actually their favourite. lastly, i could be given dvds to watch so they can judge my opinion. thus, i find myself sat before "the convent" which is the sort of film i would ignore completely given the choice but unable to avoid here. more's the pity because this frankly dreadful "horror" is about as scary as a box of kittens.following well-worn clichés, "the convent" focuses on a bunch of american high school students on a trip to an abandoned convent on a mission to get stoned, laid and mildly spooked. but you'll never guess what happens next? a group of cannibalistic demonic nuns emerge from the cobwebs who proceed to pick the kids off one by one in classic horror movie tradition. will any of them survive and more importantly, haven't you got better things to worry about? the only thing that saves "the convent" from being a total waste of time is the fact that nobody is really taking this tosh seriously with the exception of coolio's bizarre cameo as a hyperactive cop with an itchy trigger finger. it's far too amusing to be properly frightening - the zombie cheerleader who makes chipmunk noises for no reason, the day-glo paint jobs that appears when you become a zombie - but what really kills it as a horror is the fact that you can instantly tell when someone is going to jump out and get messily murdered. but even if they were trying, i still doubt that it would work - demonic nuns wearing the sort of make-up you'd see in the "buffy the vampire slayer" tv show aren't really that scary. the scariest thing about this movie really is that over 10% of voters gave this a maximum score. i mean, i know it's funny but i hardly split my sides. to be honest, i've had more fun in a dentist."the convent" isn't really a horror movie as such. it's more of a comedy horror like "scary movie" or "shaun of the dead" but you're laughing at it instead of with it. i honestly can't recommend this to anybody except the family of the cast and crew but even then, i doubt very much they'd enjoy it. i don't enjoy the "so bad that it's good" genre - i personally feel that if the film-makers can't be bothered to salvage a turkey then i shouldn't bust a gut trying to watch it. yes, it's a bad film and yes, they really should have gone home and done something more constructive. a rubik's cube, for example. the dvd box has two price stickers - one for £4.99 and a reduced price of £3. but it was sold for £1 and that should tell you everything you need to know about this poxy, cheap, awesomely bad flick. sorry if you do like it but "the convent" really is a pile of unholy crap.

i just watched the convent for the second time. i had enjoyed it previously and figured it would make for a good drunken friday night film, some gore, some style, bit of humour and suchlike. i was saddened to find that i could no longer appreciate it much. it seemed like someone had set out to revisit cheeseball epics like night of the demons for a modern audience but lost the things that made the original worthwhile. for the record i'm not even a huge fan of night of the demons, but there were some things i really dug about it. the convent does the cheese but the not the goodness so much. apart from the main girl (likeable performance from joanna canton), the goth girl and a sweet cameo from adrienne barbeau pretty much all the characters were excruciatingly unlikeable, festering at the absolute lowest levels of moronic, offensive jockhood. the film is then gravely hampered by the complete lack of gratuitous nudity which means that, given the awful dialogue, it is difficult to watch the characters and harder to appreciate the good points of the film. the evil nuns are original in design and get lots of good scenes, though not scary their certainly kinda cool, and the film also fields a fair amount of neat gore. towards the end, when adrienne barbeau is on the scene the film becomes quite entertaining cause all the obnoxious people are dead and its an evil nun bashing frenzy. the stylised direction also occasionally yields good results, although sometimes the camera just moves too fast. all in all, this was a film where for me the shining good points just can't make up for the things i hated. those more fond of this kind of film may well enjoy it a lot more, but for me it wasn't a good time.

......this film is pretty awful, the only thing stopping me from giving it a rating of 1 was the fact that i unfortunately have seen worse.the jungle music, juttering demons, and fluorescent uv style blood/teeth/eyes give it that "awful" look, and the script is dire.....this film is more like a test to see how long you can last before giving up on it. it's also predictable but not in a good way. nothing this film does is in a good way. i watched it 10 minutes ago and thought i would rant a bit so there you are. (oh and the acting doesn't let the film down, it's also terrible)

i think that new york is a big fake, i mean her whole guidelines of this show is stupid. i enjoyed flavor fl av more better, she acts like a slut, and a hoe put together. her mother is out of this world, i think she is the devils daughter. i mean what does she think she is doing these men already have girls and i believe once you have been with her you will be to ashamed to go back to your girl. she is nasty, spoiled and a big fat fake.the show is very interesting to watch, how much money is she getting to do this awful show, and whats up with her mother,i thought her and new york did not get along, but now it seems as though she is just as fake as her crazy daughter.and where is the so called husband, he is no where to be found,i would not to be with them either.

this is the most saccharine romance i ever sat through. the perfect film for an idle housewife in kerchief, housedress, and ostrich-trimmed high-heeled mules to watch in the afternoon, lying on the couch eating bonbons. in fact, bonbons play a prominent role in the movie.the only reason i was able to watch to the end, is that i finally was able to gaze at keanu reeves' dreamy face in almost every scene. in most of his films, he moves too fast to get a good look. the only rapid action in this show is giancarlo giannini waving his hands with latin emotionality - more italian than mexican, really. the dialog is as stiff as wood. unfortunately, no bodices are ripped - the hero is disgracefully perfect-mannered and mild. the aristocratic warm-blooded old-world family cliche is as old as the hills. what does it matter if they are irish or italian or mexican? this is a fairy story.i knew before the titles finished running that this would not be the movie i hoped for. the glowing grapes looked like the paragon of all food ads in women's day magazine. i didn't see his name listed, but the art director surely was thomas kinkade, who paints the million dollar canvases of irish cottages snuggled in fuchsias. this film was literally seen through rose-colored glasses. if you like dreamy pink and blue sky, this film is for you! (the bonbons looked really good, too!)

it must be the most corniest tv show on the air. this is probably a escape for jim belushi and all of his bad movies. his brother sucked all the talent out he younger brother. i hope this show is canceled and never spoken of again except in a negative use. jim has got to retire or something. please let them go of the air. if i here a joke from that show i will throw up and and wash my eyes out with a toothbrush. id rather be taken from the devil himself than watch a full half hour that piece of programing. i still do not understand why the show is still in the air and running. we all know deep down that we want to shoot our tv screens when we see jim's face. in conclusion, no more please.

i love the episode where jim becomes the greenman. it is great! when jim tosses that little person through the window, the look on his face is priceless. then when he starts to address the priest in his wife's behalf only to find out that she has become the pee-woman? great writing and great casting along with great acting makes this a must see. i am attempting to find a certain photo from that episode. i'd like to use it as my avatar on a message board because i think the greenman is hilarious. does anyone know where i can download a photo of jim as the greenman? can anyone point me in the right direction to find such a photo?

i always wrote this series off as being a complete stink-fest because jim belushi was involved in it, and heavily. but then one day a tragic happenstance occurred. after a white sox game ended i realized that the remote was all the way on the other side of the room somehow. now i could have just gotten up and walked across the room to get the remote, or even to the tv to turn the channel. but then why not just get up and walk across the country to watch tv in another state? "nuts to that", i said. so i decided to just hang tight on the couch and take whatever fate had in store for me. what fate had in store was an episode of this show, an episode about which i remember very little except that i had once again made a very broad, general sweeping blanket judgment based on zero objective or experiential evidence with nothing whatsoever to back my opinions up with, and once again i was completely right! this show is a total crud-pie! belushi has all the comedic delivery of a hairy lighthouse foghorn. the women are physically attractive but too stepford-is to elicit any real feeling from the viewer. there is absolutely no reason to stop yourself from running down to the local tv station with a can of gasoline and a flamethrower and sending every copy of this mutt howling back to hell. except.. except for the wonderful comic sty lings of larry joe campbell, america's greatest comic character actor. this guy plays belushi's brother-in-law, andy, and he is gold. how good is he really? well, aside from being funny, his job is to make belushi look good. that's like trying to make butt warts look good. but campbell pulls it off with style. someone should invent a nobel prize in comic buffoonery so he can win it every year. without larry joe this show would consist of a slightly vacant looking courtney thorne-smith smacking belushi over the head with a frying pan while he alternately beats his chest and plays with the straw on the floor of his cage. 5 stars for larry joe campbell designated comedic bacon because he improves the flavor of everything he's in!

all the funny things happening in this sitcom is based on the main character jim being either a bad father, a bad husband or generally just enormously selfish. how can that be funny? of course a character in a sitcom has to be flawed, but jim's character is flawed in an extremely unsympathetic manner.and why it that? my guess is that it's because "he should now better". jim's not a stupid guy, he can take care of things and he's got the opportunities to do so. but he chooses not to. it's a conscious choice he makes, when he chooses to not play with his kids, not go shopping because he doesn't want to buy "lady products" and it's a choice he makes, when he puts down his relatives.the other characters seems to only be in the series so jim can have someone to be a jerk to. if the cheryl character was a real person, she would have left him years ago, and not stay with the deadbeat for 8 years. but alas, she's just a catalyst for jim's quirky middle-class extreme selfishness.

you need to watch this show once to have seen them all, the formula is exactly the same in each episode. jim does something his way he means well but he upsets his wife, at the end she finds out that what he did was really for her, she caresses his cheek and gives a gummy smile while he looks on bashfully. in fact the story lines are so lame and formulaic that i'll take a stab at one now.episode 'valentines pay'jims wife notices that all of jims weekly pay has disappeared, he then explains to her he lost it at the casino. she screams and leaves the house lamenting how awful he is. then on valentines day he turns up in a limo with tickets to a ball (hence explaining the missing wages). she realizes 'her' mistake and the usual 'oh jim, you're so lovely'. ..the endanother very obvious item is the fact that jims character is based on homer simpson who as a cartoon character can get away with being belligerent and ignorant, when this is attempted with human beings it does not work and jim just comes over as an arrogant self centered jerk. imo the only reason that this is successful is simply because we're so many now in terms of human beings with tvs, these days you could make a show about a man who insulates walls and you'd get an audience.'two and a half men' on the other hand is fantastic and hilarious.

the show is average. it doesn't make me laugh particularly. however, i think courtney really brings it down. she doesn't look natural. she has these three ways to talk, all robotic. she talks quietly (with no intonation), she talks normally (with no intonation), or she does that thing where she starts talking normally, and starts yelling gradually. however, her yelling is like "let's pretend i'm yelling because i shouldn't be too loud on the set". she is constantly aware of herself being this cute actress doing this funny thing. it's annoying. you can't really get her personality, because she doesn't really produce emotion, and doesn't get upset. she has this husband, who's doing all these stupid things, and there is no reaction from her. very dry and plain acting.

i wish i could say that this show was unusual in it's banality,but it is usual in every way.it has the dumb husband,his smarter but boring and conventional wife, along with the idiotic sidekick for "comic" relief-it sorely needs it.stale predictable jokes, with even more predictable reactions from the laughtrack, punctuate this noxious mental narcotic's nauseatingly unimaginative plot lines to leave me either physically ill, or in a deep sleep more resembling that of an induced coma. but it might be on for a while yet because it gives the average american a personage to which they can truly identify.a "regular" guy just like you and me.i live in the southern u.s, so to me this show is just the opposite of escapism.down here, that obnoxious character is everywhere, in some form or another.seeing him on television is brutal overkill.

this is certainly the worst movie i ever saw? the beginning is somewhat good, but the end? i still don't even get it! magical power, 300 years later, goddess, dancing what the f*** is that about??? the acting is somewhat not so bad.. but some place i could do better for sure!

shown in australia as 'hydrosphere', this incredibly bad movie is so bad that you become hypnotised and have to watch it to the end, just to see if it could get any worse... and it does! the storyline is so predictable it seems written by a high school dramatics class, the sets are pathetic but marginally better than the miniatures, and the acting is wooden.the infant 'muppet' seems to have been stolen from the props cupboard of 'total recall'. there didn't seem to be a single, original idea in the whole movie.i found this movie to be so bad that i laughed most of the way through.malcolm mcdowell should hang his head in shame. he obviously needed the money!

this movie is absolutely pointless, one of the good esamples how malcom mcdowall never got one decent role after clockwork orange. this one may be one of the worst though. no story, crappy special effects, shot in 4:3/or even worse cropped on dvd, just avoid it ....

this is probably one of the worst movies ever made. bad acting, bad special effects, bad plot, bad everything. in the last 15 minutes a cat suited-cyborg is introduced which muddles everything. malcom macdowell must have needed to make a house payment because otherwise he would have had to sell himself on hollywood blvd to pay the bill. i just don"t know how you can go from clockwork orange to this crap and be able to look yourself in the mirror each morning. i could have done better special effects in my bathtub. there's no continuity. the editor must have been asleep or on drugs its so bad. acting. do they have to smoke to be bad.? the gun either shoots blue flames or bullets, make up your mind. the bad girl and the other girl in the movie look so much alike that it is confusing. whay is it called 2013 seadly wake. it has nothing to do with the movie

there are two reasons why i did not give a 1 to this movie. one reason are some of the actors (like malcolm mcdowell and gwynyth walsh) work, who tried to play at their usually good level of acting. however at many scenes they were somehow blocked by the bad scripting.the other reason is the cool idea and looking of the cyborg, which is quite different to most other such roles i've seen so far.everything else in this movie is as bad as it can be. boring scenes, useless and boring dialogs, bad script work. and it seemed as it was the first movie ever for many actors. it could have been an interesting story though, but they failed completely.

malcolm mcdowell has not had too many good movies lately and this is no different. especially designed for people who like yellow filters on their movies.

if mr cranky had rated this, i'd be tempted just to copy his review and paste it here. but as he hasn't, i'll have to give it a go myself.the only thing giving this movie a 1 instead of a 0 is that malcolm mcdowall's acting is excellent. however not even he can save this film from disaster. the director must have been really distracted when he worked on this one because it is just a conglomeration of scenes that were thrown together with very little continuity - reminiscent of bad '70's movies. even worse, both the actors and director appeared to be making it up as they went along which probably showed how bad the original script was.it's not even worth discussing the story line although it revolves around a futuristic corporation called the proxate corporation who put together a crew of dispensable people to carry a dangerous cargo on an old container/slave ship to nigeria. this ship's computer is a baby kept in a glass jar and wired into one of the crew via usb 12 or something. the company should have been called the prostate corporation as the entertainment value of this movie is on a par with an examination of the same name.i honestly can't find one scene that i could say was well made and made any real sense in the context of the movie. i only watched it to the end as i had a touch of the bird flu and this movie reminded me that there were people out there who were actually worse off than me - malcolm mcdowall in particular. i won't hold this against him as he's a great actor and every great actor is entitled to one bad movie in their career and this one is a doosie.so, unless this is the only movie your shop hires out or you're male and you're doctor isn't doing prostate examinations this week and you somehow feel this is a bad thing then give this one a really wide berth unless of course if you're really community minded, buy a copy to support malcolm and then use it as a drink coaster.

terrible use of scene cuts. all continuity is lost, either by awful scripting or lethargic direction. that villainous robot... musta been a jazz dancer? also, one of the worst sound tracks i've ever heard (monologues usually drowned out by music.) and... where'd they get their props? that ship looks like a milk carton... i did better special effects on 8mm at the age of 13!i'd recommend any film student should watch this flick (5 minutes at a time) so as to learn how not to produce a film. or... was it the editors' fault?it's really too bad, because the scenario was actually a good concept... just poorly executed all the way around. (sorry malcom. you should have sent a "stunt double". you're too good an actor for such a stink-bomb.)

a terrible movie containing a bevy of d-list canadian actors who seem so self-conscious about the fact they are on-camera that their performances are overly melodramatic and quite forgettable.this film is badly written, badly edited, and badly directed. it is disjointed, incomprehensible and bizarre - but not in a good way. mcdowell does a great job with what he is given, but is the only one in this film to do so - he really has a bad story and script to work with. it's not even camp enough to be funny.i have yet to see van pelleske act in a credible manner, and even the sub-characters like eisen (with his nasal, whiny voice) confirm that we are on a lot in toronto rather than on a barge off africa.didn't the director see that the 'creature' looks like a jazz dancer in an alien suit? the fight between the blue bolts of lightning and pelleske's orange wisps of 'magic' (!?! for lack of a better word), is obviously the result of bad actors, with no choreographer, overlaid with completely derivative special effects. was there even a director on set or in the editing room for this disaster film (not the good kind)? learn from the mistakes of others ... don't even waste your time with this one, you'll regret it like i did. i have nothing more to say about this waste of celluloid.

one hour, eight minutes and twelve seconds into this flick and i decided it was pretty lame. that was right after hopalong (chris lybbert) drops on his horse from a tree to rejoin the good guy posse. i was pretty mystified by the whole hopalong cassidy/great bar 20 gimmick which didn't translate into anything at all. obviously, the name coppola in the credits couldn't do anything to guarantee success here, even with more than one listed.if you make it to the end of the film, you'll probably wind up asking yourself the same questions i did. what exactly was the hook with the gloves? what's up with the rodeo scenario? who was the stranger supposed to represent? why did they make this film? i could probably go on but my energy's been drained. look, there's already a western called "the gunfighter" from 1950 with a guy named gregory peck as the title character. watching it will make you feel as good as watching this one makes you feel bad. that one i can recommend.

the closing song by johnny rivers was the only great thing about this movie. unfortunately that is all the positive i can say about this western movie. i have to write 8 more lines for my comments to be posted, but there is more than 8 lines of awful in this western. i am not sure if the movie was a tribute to hopa along, or just a spoof. the hero and the villain in this movie were too plastic. not realistic at all. a lot of the supporting actors in this movie looked authentic, but the shooting scenes were a joke. a previous commentator thought this movie was great, and in the comments took a cheap shot at president bush. this was not a democratic or republican western. it was just a bad western movie to be sold commercially. i wonder if it made any money. at times i thought i was watching a movie made by college movie students. if that was the case, then it was a great movie.

i enjoy watching western films but this movie takes the biscuit. the script and dialogue is laughable. the acting was awful, where did they get them from? music was ok i have to say. luckily i didn't buy or rent the movie but its now disposed of.i was geared up at the beginning when the stranger (martin sheen) started to tell his story. i have to admit i did enjoy the confrontation between hopalong and tex where hopalong shot tex's finger off and told him to practise for 40 years to reach his league. but thats where it all went pear shaped thereafter. i had to watch the whole film in the hope that it would get better, never did.

hip. erotic. wickedly sexy ... whatever. it's "the terminator" with werewolves.no, seriously. the cop saves the girl (waitress!) from the big monster and refers to himself as her 'protector'. the lead actor ryan alosio does a pretty good job of emulating kyle reese ... there's a massacre in a police precinct ... the bad guy is muscular with red eyes ... and it even contains dialogue along the lines of "you said it yourself, he won't ever stop. never." the dire script comes from a first-time screenwriter who, thank god, hasn't sold anything since this, and it's all thrown together by famously bad director richard friedman.the movie opens in a strip bar (always a good sign), and a mean-looking biker guy bursts in for no apparent reason, pursued by three cops. one of them is black, and (shock horror!) he's the one who gets killed in the first five minutes. the film goes downhill for the next hour or so, then picks up a little with some decent action sequences, before rounding it all up with an abysmal ending.for the most part, the cast come across as competent actors doing what they can with a bad script and a director who's willing to settle for less. if nothing else they appear to be learning how to act in this movie and alosio, along with some of the supporting cast, shows signs of talent. darkwolf in his human form is played by gargantuan kane hodder -- famous for his numerous portrayals of jason vorhees in the 'friday the 13th' movies. he's decent enough, especially considering he isn't used to speaking roles.it's become famous amongst groups of horny teenage boys for the lesbian rooftop scene between andrea bogart and sasha williams, who gets her kit off a couple of times in the grand tradition of former 'power rangers' actresses. and it's unnervingly clear that the editor spent way too much time on that scene ... anyway, the main redeeming feature is that the physical werewolf effects are rather good, and the design of the wolf isn't bad at all.but the cgi is bad. just plain bad. i mean seriously, if you can't reach some level of realism - why bother? just throw a little extra money into the make-up! aside from the terrible script, this movie does have it's moments, many of which are unintentionally funny. it's good for a laugh if you don't have anything better to do, but just don't spend any money on it. please.

what a horrible, horrible film. the worst collection of cliches i have seen in a long time. not that i saw much. i left the theatre screaming after about 40 minutes in search of a stiff drink to soothe my nerves. meryl streep was awful as usual. how many hurt and tortured expressions can 1 person have? aidan quinn's talents were - as so often - totally wasted. and who told gloria estefan she could act? trying to be polically correct this movie still enforces racial stereotypes. (brave inexperienced lonely music teacher teaches underprivilegded kids violin in poor neighbourhood school). the kids weren't even cute! just written in to suit the appalling script. aaargh! wes craven really made me cringe for once. real horror this one!

are you kidding me?! a show highlighting someone who opens cans and envelopes for a meal? how talented do you have to be to do this? she may be able to cook but it is not portrayed in this half-hour stomach churning painful production. i know she has a martha-stewart-esquire empire. so does warren buffett but i don't see him with fake knockers opening cans of cream corn and alpo.she has a nephew named...brycer. brycer? stop talking about anyone a name that stupid.more time is spent on "table-scapes" than actual cooking. who has that kind of time?! silicon should be on your spatula, not on my tv. this show should be on cartoon network, not food network.

there is a reason why this made for british tv movie only appeared at the 1977 toronto film festival. it is dull, plodding and lacking in suspense.peter oõtooleõs diffident performance and the appearance of playwright harold pinter are the only elements of interest.note : some british film fans will enjoy seeing philip jackson, best known for his portrayal of inspector japp in the poirot television series, in one of his earliest roles....

very much a film from the times -- extremely long sequences with no dialogue, bad flashbacks, and an almost entirely male cast. the two women who appear have a total of under 10 lines and exist only as romantic interests for men.o'toole is riveting whenever he speaks; unfortunately, he spends much of his time peering through shrubbery. alastair sims is always a joy to see but he, too, is terribly underused.the film has one additional positive aspect, in that it depicts many aspects of british fascism and fascist sympathies (such as the casual appearance of the mosley graffiti) that many people today are unaware of. too many of today's films about wwii paint the allies as all-good and the axis as all-evil, when history tells us people are far more complicated than that!this would be a good movie for when you're recovering from the flu and are bundled on the couch and not able to absorb anything too complex. if you just need something to pass the time while your electrolytes stabilize, this is the movie for you.

2002's undeservedly popular "i love the 80's" is an inane, idiotic, offensive and downright disgusting pop-culture mess of a show that was the first in a long-line of horrid television programming that ultimately spelled out the end of vh1, which was at one time the only real music-oriented channel left on tv! i used to practically live on vh1 up until the spring or winter, i forget which one now, of 2002 when garbage like this started to appear for absolutely no reason whatsoever. out of sheer morbid curiosity (i'd guess that's what you'd call it) i had decided that i would go ahead and give it a look-see anyhow the first night it came on even though the advertisements looked like complete crap. at least i can honestly say that i wasn't a bit disappointed by it because my expectations were obviously bottom basement-level to begin with. the emphasis of this show i found out within the first 5 minutes was less on each year of the 1980's and what was and wasn't culturally significant or popular (which is what i was expecting to see), but instead more of an impromptu platform for a whole slew of really god-awful no-name comedians to display what they more than likely think is their comedic skills *rolls eyes*...more like lack-thereof if you ask me! it's pretty easy now to see why no one had ever heard of any of these idiots before they appeared on this show because they are all so terribly unfunny and pathetic in their attempts at so-called "humor" that i swear i could feel my intestines knot up with each and every rancid one-liner they shot off one after another! altogether, i have no problem in saying that "i love the 80's" was/is trash of the lowest denominator, and one of the main reasons why i almost never watch vh1 anymore.

if it wasn't for the bad dialogues and script. i mean, the direction was really in touch with it's subject. the actors were doing good at bringing their characters to life. but in the end, the thing that was really missing was a solid script to hold all the pieces together. i would highly suggest not to watch this. unless you're a al pacino enthusiast like i am and will watch everything he is playing in. even if the result lately are rather poor. this is, after s1m0ne, a second very bad movie for this actor that once knew how to choose roles.

al pacino? kim basinger? tea leoni? ryan o'neal? richard schiff? my mouth was watering. i dropped everything to watch this movie on cable. 30 minutes in i was having trouble staying awake. 60 minutes in and i hit the record button and fell asleep. finished watching it the next morning. shouldn't have bothered. what a waste of a great cast and an idea that could have been an interesting story of a "day in the life..." cure your insomnia if you have it and watch this movie. i guarantee you at least an hour and a half of uninterrupted sleep. dialogue horrible. continuity non-existent. camera work could have been done with a hand held super 8 and looked better. this movie was a total disaster.

unless somebody enlightens me, i really have no idea what this movie is about. it looks like a picture with a message but it´s far from it. this movie tells pointless story of a new york press agent and about his problems. and, that´s basically all. when that agent is played by pacino, one must think that it must be something important. but it takes no hard thinking to figure out how meaningless and dull this movie is. to one of the best actors in the world, al pacino, this is the second movie of the year (the other is "simone") that deserves the title "the most boring and the most pointless motion picture of the year". so, what´s going on, al?

saw this movie in an early preview, and i cannot stress enough how bad i thought this film was. from the very beginning, the audience was groaning over pacino's awful southern accent. poor al looked really, really haggard, and i can't decide whether this was purposely part of his role as a drug addicted publicist, or perhaps he just didn't get any sleep before coming to the set. much worse than pacino's close ups, however, is the wretched excuse for a plot. early in the film we are given indications that pacino's character is gay, and i suspect that is what the screenwriter had originally intended. later, however, we are supposed to suspend our incredulity and believe that both tea leoni and kim basinger (both of whom are sleepwalking through lame roles) lust after this elderly, half dead looking, effeminate man with the ridiculous accent. the worst part overall was the main plot thread, which had to do with some corporate espionage that is never fully explained and we never, ever care about in the slightest. because this was a preview i will reserve my final judgment, because of the possibility of re-shoots and editing, but you can bet i will not pay a cent to see this in theaters.

in what seemed like the longest 1hour 35 i've had to endure in a long time, al pacino delivers an accurate performace to be sure. not his usual typecasting, which was nice. but his character was just truely pathetic. someone to pitty as he stumbles around forgetting appointments as we realise that the hollywood social life has drained him of his life energy. but in this movie we needed someone to like. and for some reason, every character in the picture said "i don't know why i like you, eli" to al pacino's chracter and i couldn't even come close to liking him.all the other actors played their usual styles. tea leoni, richard schiff, and bill nunn did nothing to change their established personas developed on tv or in earlier films. and kim basinger wasn't even in the film long enough to deliver a performance of any kind.the movie's story had no momentum. most scenes never driving the story forward, but rather just collecting factoids about characters which later came into play in an anti-climactic ending. it had potential except for their unwillingness to build upon the story.whats the point of the film? daniel algrant and jon robin baitz would have you believe "once hollywood has you, you can't get out." yeah right! and that's why so many people get fired in hollywood.

firstly,i must admit that it isn't a good movie. and,i would never watch this movie if pacino wasn't in it.the movie is about a publicist's strange 24 hours.and he is overworked,dizzy,sick and sometimes regretful.i don't like the character at all.it's really boring,after 20 minutes you may fall asleep.and i don't understand why pacino wanted to be a part of this horrible movie.just because of money or what?since i'm an avid pacino fan,i bought this 2002 movie people i know.if you haven't bought it yet,don't even think about it,it's just a waste of time.

much as we all love al pacino, it was painful to see him in this movie. a publicity hack at the grubby ending of what seems to have once been a distinguished and idealistic career pacino plays his part looking like an unmade bed and assaulting everyone with a totally bogus and inconsistent southern accent.the plot spools out this way and that with so many loose ends and improbabilities that the mind reels (and then retreats).kim basinger is there, not doing much. her scenes with pacino are flat and unconvincing. hard to believe they meant a lot to each other. there's no energy there.tea leone, on the other hand, lit up the screen. she was electric and her scenes with pacino were by far the most interesting in the movie, but not enough to save al from embarrassment.

the only good thing about "people i know" is that it serves as a perfect example of movies that al pacino should avoid performing in. the first big turn-off i had was the way in which pacino tried to portray a georgia accent; at times it was weak and unattractive while in other segments it seemed too overdone. dialogue and character interaction was terrible along with a weak plot. the supporting cast did an extremely perfunctory job in keeping the movie interesting, and within an hour i still saw no signs of a sturdy plot. the story overall is a real bore, and i had to slap myself in the face a few times to keep myself awake.this movie will surely bore you as well...avoid at all costs.

the movie is about two stories: one is a political murder of a call-girl, the other an upper-class political party. the crossing point is the public relation character played by al paccino, as he is the witness of the crime and the instigator of the evening.if the script is terrible without any decent dialogs and the directing void of any sense of drama, the performance of al is memorable: how many fellows can be as much convincing as a powerful and feared man (as "the godfather") as here as a little servant (see also "donnie brasco").actually, the big young lion has become a tired old one. this passing of ages is very moving, because it makes the audience ponders about getting old too.but his slowness is only a make-up because he can get back his energy in church scene.maybe it is a good thing that the movie is so awful because it put the starlight on al's talent!

very silly movie, filled with stupid one liners and jewish references thru out. it was a serious movie but could not be taken seriously. a familiar movie plot...being at the wrong place at the wrong time. an atrocious subplot, involving kim bassinger. very robotic and too regimented. i have noticed that al pacinos acting abilities seem to be going downhill. a troubleshooter with troubles , but nothing more troubling than pacinos horrible atlanta accent. damage control needs to fix this damage of a film. ok my one liners are bad, but not as bad as the ones in this film. this movie manages to not only be boring but revolting as well. usually a revolting film is watchable for the wrong reasons. this movie is unwatchable. i did manage to sit through this. the plot ,if written a tad bit better, with , perhaps a little better acting and eliminating the horrendous subplot,and even dumber jokes, could have pulled this thriller out of the doldrums. what we are left with is a dull, silly movie that made sure it was drilled into our heads that eli wurman was jewish. an embarrassment to all the good jewish folk everywhere.

"people i know" is a clunker with no one to root for and no one to care about -- despite the game efforts of a talented cast.pacino delivers his usual tour de force as eli wurman, a past-his-prime publicity agent hollowed out by a lifetime of moral corruption. but unlike michael corleone, it's impossible to have an emotional investment in this character, his dilemma, or his fate.the film traces eli's preparations for a benefit for a liberal political cause, while distracted by a client's (ryan o'neal, good in an underwritten part) latest "dirty laundry" -- in this case, a tv actress companion who's gotten involved with the wrong people. tea leoni brings her customary star power to this supporting role, although again, the script doesn't give her much to work with. as eli's sister-in-law, kim basinger manages to evoke sympathy despite implausible plot mechanics.this movie is strictly for those who like watching pacino strut his stuff, and enjoy the other principals. unfortunately, between the script and direction, "people i know" is strictly amateurish. hence its limited theatrical release, and speedy journey to dvd. consider yourself warned.

this is a truly terrible film.i'm only writing this so that some people somewhere are put off watching it. if i have stopped one person from wasting some of their precious life watching this film i shall die happy.unutterably dull, although since it stars al pacino i was fooled into thinking that at any moment something interesting was going to happen. then the credits rolled, and i realised i had been completely fooled into watching this unbelievable drivel.i cannot believe that this film has achieved as high a score as it has at imdb (over 5 stars when i last saw the voting). are you people voting ironically?please, please, please do not watch this film!

yes, mtv there really is a way to market daria. what started as a clever teenage angst-"comment on everything that sucks and make the viewer feel better about their sucky teenage life" sitcom now mutated into a "how you should deal with your problems"-charade. i used to watch daria all the time and loved it. now, sitting here after watching the so called "movie" i can only wonder what the point of this all was. daria tells us how to lead out life in college? excuse me? didn't the point daria made every episode that what you like to do is ok, as long as it is ok with yourself no matter what the rest of the sick sad world thinks of it? this entire thing reminded me of the scene in "reality bites" the movie channel shows the documentry for the first time.

i wanted to watch this movie, but one bizarre ridiculous scene after another forced me to shut it off. character's don't seem to react to anything. consider this: heath ledger is walking a night (through a cemetery i believe) when he is attacked by spirits, which he drives away. once past this ordeal he calmly walks away and meets up with a friend that saw it all. when asked what happen he says blandly "attacked by demons, nothing serious.", as if this is only a little more exciting than a flat tire.i shut it off when they go to ask something-a demon or something, i stopped caring-a ques ion. the answer can only be rented out of someone with the energy of their death, and the priest watch in what appears to be vague annoyance as a man is strung up and hung and they ask his thrashing, dying body question.0 out of **** stars.

the orders fatal flaw-besides an asinine plot-is that the character's simply don't resonate or even react.two examples: a priest, walking through a graveyard late at night, is suddenly attacked by ghostly spirits. after fighting them off, he calmly resumes his walk when his buddy come up. "anything wrong?" his buddy asks, having seen the attack. "just some demonic spirits-nothing i couldn't handle." no reaction, no surprise, just like he'd changed a tire. his buddy is equally unconcerned... must be standard priest training... ["and then you put the wafer into their mouths. any questions? ok, moving on, demon spirit attacks..."]example two: at one point the priests need an answer to a question, and only a demon (or something, who cared by now) could provide it. how? why, you have to ask a dying man! so the demon has some random person hung in front of the two priests so they can ask their question to the thrashing, gasping man. "hey, don't kill him!" or maybe "that's not nice!" would have been more realistic then their response. they never ask that they let the man go or stop-in fact, the closest to reacting they get is mild annoyance. they ask their question and go.i had to shut it off at that point-my brain was starting to atrophy.avoid* / **** (one star out of four)

this really is the worst film i have ever seen. ever. period. i actually paid £3.50 to watch this steaming turd of a movie. incredibly dull, poorly acted, dire script, often incoherent and too many scenes that don't seem to have any relevance to the overall film (like when heath ledger's priest partner get's nailed to a wall by a ghost...what was the point in that scene? answers on a postcard please...)i should have got a medal for sticking with this film for it's entire running time. i would rather take a strong kick to the groin than sit through this film again.this should be cast into imdb's bottom 100. hopefully my vote of 1/10 will help it on it's way.

always enjoy great films which deal with the super-natural and the deep thoughts of the spiritual world. however, this film just turned me off as far as its production and direction. there is nothing to go into deep discussion about what this story has to tell; all i can say is that it was a big waste of time and effort to put it on the big screen. the actors, namely: mark addy, thomas garrett, gave an outstanding performance in his native land england, and we have seen him in "still standing" a tv series. heath ledger, played the real wicked dude and we have recently viewed him in "brokeback mountain",'05, gave a great supporting role. shannyn sossaman, (mara sinclair), did a good job of seducing a priest from a church not recognized by any faith. don't waste your time, you will be sorry!

first of all, i have to say i have worked for blockbuster and have seen quite a few movies to the point its tough for me to find something i haven't seen. taking this into account, i want everyone to know that this movie was by far the worst film ever made, it made me pine for gigli, my boss's daughter, and any other piece of junk you've ever seen. belyt must be out of his mind, i've only found one person who liked it and even they couldn't tell me what the movie was about. if you are able to decipher this movie and are able to tell me what it was about you have to either be the writer or a fortune teller because there's any other way a person could figure this crap out.for the love of g-d stay away!

the order starts in rome where the head of a special order of priests who deal in ghosts & demons named brother dominic (francesco carnelutti) is found dead, cut to new york city where one of his order alex bernier (heath ledger) is contacted by top-brass cardinal driscoll (peter weller) who ask's him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding dominic's death. along with his girlfriend mara willims (shannyn sossamon) & fellow priest thomas garrett (mark addy) alex travels to italy to delve into his mentor's death, as the truth begins to emerge it appears that dominic was a 'sin eater' someone who absorbed other's sins & lived with the burden of them so they could die peacefully & that the church wasn't happy about his activities. alex must do what's right even if it goes against what he believes...also know under the title the sin eater this american german co-production was written, produced & directed by bian helgeland & didn't really do that much for me if i'm honest & i usually am, honest that is. anyway lets start with the mess of a script that has some ok ideas but it's throughly predictable, excruciatingly dull & boring, really silly at times & it takes itself far too seriously. the whole concept is daft & while it thinks it's clever with it's oh so neat twist ending that ties everything up & brings the story full circle i thought it was the most obvious & lazy way to end things. there's the usual religious themes here, morality, sin, forgiveness, faith, belief, prophecy's, blah, blah, blah you know the sort of thing. then there's the twists which aren't hard to see coming, there's the abuse of power by high ranking clergymen, corruption, greed, evil, etc. you know the sort of clichéd hollywood ideals & themes that get reused every time it deals with the church. the order has nothing new to say & as a serious piece of film-making it sucks, a lot. i'm not too sure who the order is meant to appeal to, as a die-hard horror fan i didn't see much horror in this at all, as a thriller it's less than thrilling, as a mystery it's too predictable & there's nothing here to really grip or maintain ones interest & for some reason i cannot figure out the imdb also lists the order as an action film which is absurd as it's as exciting & action-packed as the average episode of sesame street (1969 - present), harsh maybe but it's what i think...director helgeland does an ok job, the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme & it all looks a bit drab, grayish & dull. for a supposed horror film the order is very light on scares or horror elements, in fact there aren't any of either apart from two evil kids who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason, don't ask. forget about any gore or violence as there isn't any which is fine but it would have helped at least make the order somewhat watchable. according the imdb's 'trivia' section the release date of the order was put back so some of the special effects could be improved because they looked unintentionally funny, all i can say is judging by the finished film the effects must have been really bad to start with because they aren't exactly brilliant as it stands now.i was amazed to see the order had a budget of about $28,000,000 which is a hell of a lot of money & i just can't see where it all went apart from the sets & production design which are good. the whole film looks & feels very average & utterly forgettable. the acting is ok although the annoying fat guy who seems to be some sort of foul-mouthed comic relief irritates, a good actor such as peter weller deserves better than this.the order, i prefer the title the sin eater actually not that it matters too much, misses all of it's intended targets by the proverbial mile as far as i'm concerned & is a pretty dull way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life so don't do it! not recommended.

i saw this movie in my international cinema class and was grossed out from get go. this movie is nothing but one scene of blatant shock value after the next.the 4th man is about an alcoholic writer named reve, who has visions of his in-pending danger. he meets up with a woman named christine when giving a lecture at a local book club, and only decides to stay with her when he discovers how attractive her boyfriend is. to put it plainer, reve likes the dutch sausage. so reve concocts a plan to seduce christine's boyfriend so he can ultimately have sex with him. but its later discovered that christine has had 3 previous husbands, who she all murdered. now reve and christine's boyfriend could be "the 4th man." the storyline makes sense with no plot holes. the editing and everything else that is technical about this movie is perfectly fine. the movie is just gross and i felt the need to vomit in some parts. basically, this isn't my cup of tea.the movie opens with reve getting out of bed in just a t-shirt. so in the very beginning, you get to see reve's lovely pecker flopping around as he walks around his cramped apartment in a hangover state. later on he has a dream where his pecker gets cut off by a pair of scissors, and they do show it along with the blood fountain that ensues. reve fondles a statue of jesus and has homosexual sex in a mausoleum. plus there's a lot of blood. more blood than all the freddy krueger movies combined.not that i have anything against "shocking" scenes, but this movie is just so blatant when it comes to shocking. the whole movie is revolved around the shock value.so if any of this is your cup of tea, watch this movie. otherwise, stay far far far far far away from this one. my mind is still scarred.

within the first few minutes of this dutch thriller, we learn that krabbe is a gay alcoholic writer who sleeps sans underwear, fantasizes about murdering his roommate, tries to steal a magazine from a news stand, and lusts after a studly young man he meets at the train station. and he's the hero of this nonsensical movie that is all dressed up (except for krabbe in at least one scene too many) but has nowhere to go. the basic plot is very simple but is dragged out to nearly two hours before reaching a pointless conclusion. verhoeven has a nice visual flair but resorts to scenes of wild hallucinations, overt symbolism, and gratuitous gore when he runs out of ideas.

the acting is some of the worst i've ever seen, the characters are totally unconvincing. this could be overlooked to some extent if the plot was interesting, which the plot to "the prodigy" was not. it's sort of a bad mix between "fresh" and "animal house", except that both of those movies were good.

i didn't know it was possible to release a movie this bad. the labeling sounded so promising, but you would think that with a cast of 20, at least one of them would be able to act. my wife left me and went to bed after the first 20 minutes. she made a wise decision.

this movie feels so empty. in every scene in the movie the maximum number of actors on the screen is like 10. because everything was shot in front of a blue screen there are never really any extras and the movie just feels weird.the acting was horrible! it's so obvious this was in front of a blue screen because all of the action scenes you can see the actor/actress wondering around half running when they should be running for their lives.. looking at the floor for their marks...spoilers: also you'll find yourself banging your head watching the movie. at one point at sky captain's home base they have like 100 planes sitting on the airstrip. they have advanced warning an attack is coming... so what do they do? nothing. all of the planes get blown up and yet again the only person fighting back is the sky captain...the entire world is under attack and he's the only person ever fighting back. at the very end of the movie you see hundreds of plains taking off finally... but what do they do? nothing... the movie is over...

i've said this in other reviews, without a story, you can give the audience all the smoke and mirrors you want, still no one will give a damn.the director seems to have a great eye for 30s art deco (which i love), and i think the idea of using all digital backgrounds and such could indeed be the wave of the future in movie making. however, it's obvious the director got so interested in the digital rendering of his movie, he forgot to film many scenes which would have enormously helped this surprisingly thinned-plotted film. (spoiler) for crying out loud, they forgot to have a villain in this thing! ok they have one, but he's been dead for 20 years by the time the movie takes place. conran misses the point of having a villain. as far as action goes, well let's see, sky captain (law) shoots down one robot, two or three of the flapping wing airplanes (before dex (ribisi) tells him to stop shooting them down!!!), and a couple robots, but mostly spends his time looking dashing and getting others to fight his battles for him. paltrow as polly or peggy or punky or whatever is totally wasted in this movie (the reviewer who comments on hers and law's lack of chemistry is so right) and i for one got a little sick of seeing repeated shots of the top of her camera, showing she only has two shots left, both of which she wastes subsequently in the movie, one uncomically, one quite funny, although i saw it coming from 70 years away. no one except law and paltrow have any significant time on screen, and that's the movie's real flaw. an audience doesn't identify with robots, they need a hero to root for, and a visible, despicable villain to hate. without that, plus a good engaging story, all the cg in the world won't help.

i gave 1 to this film. i can't understand how ettore scola,one of the greater directors of italian cinema, made a film like this, so stupid and ridiculous! all the stories of the people involved in the movie are unsubstantial,boring and not interesting. too long,too boring. the only things i save in this movie are giancarlo giannini and vittorio gasmann. hope that scola will change radically themes and style in his next film.

this movie should be called "plan 9 from joseph smith." i think its weirdness is underappreciated. the playwright seems to have read paul ehrlich's "the population bomb (1968)," and crafted a musical response made especially for mormons. the whole point of the play is that having as many children as you can is part of "heavenly father's" (god's) plan. and anything that stands in the way of having more babies is very bad. get it?this version was filmed in 1989, which is confusing. it's utah, so it looks and feels like 1983, the play was actually written in 1973, and of course, the theology is part 1840's, part battlestar galactica. some of the action takes place on earth and some in the "pre-existence, an aimless romper-room where annoying kids wait to get their bodies so they can come down try not to slam the door on the missionaries, losing their shot at celestial glory.it is as stagey as they come, but don't let the poor theatrics spoil your appreciation for this demented mormon universe where the 'cool kids' are all into population control, (presumably) counseling their parents not to have any more children!! having big families was, at the time the play was written, the cultural norm in the lds community, and more importantly, considered part of god's plan. the church has since done a 180, and have made family planning a choice of the parents, and large families are much less the cultural norm now. making the entire doctrinal premise of the movie for a modern-day mormon moot!ahhh but it's really only as good as the music. there are some catchy tunes here that just won't let this movie die the 1970's death it was pre-destined for. the brother and sister sing some love songs to each other that make you wonder if maybe something else was going on there --wink. and the tough, cool kids make new kids on the block look like metallica. so cheers to all that! gather the family around, make some jell-o shooters and enjoy the show!

to start with, i have to point out the fact that you're gonna feel completely lost for more than half an hour. yeah, some things happen, but you don't know why or what for. when you finally figure things out you just realize that it's nothing but a twisted soad opera, dealing with mature prostitutes, dead mothers, illegitimate sons... the characters are rather poor and the actors (specially the young ones) don't help that much to make'em look credible. only marisa paredes stands out, but she's a superb actress, no matter if the movie is pure rubbish.the only positive things to say about "frío sol de invierno" is that débutant pablo malo seems to have good intentions, and he's filmed a couple of scenes that are quite intense... well, maybe the next time...*my rate: 4/10

adrian has just gone out of the asylum, being rich and with no parents, his life seems empty. one day, he meets gonzalo, a poor boy whom mother is prostitute. desperate for earning some money, gonzalo helps adrian to search about his life and who where his parents. this is a movie from a new director, and it is perfectly clear in most of the film: scenes not correctly directed, dialogues a little forced, some incoherences in the script...anyway, the ending is unexpectedly well done (well, just a little) and that saves a little the film. actors are known and with great quality, nevertheless, they are not inspired enough to make the movie interesting; all of them have done better papers in other film. the film results boring and probably you will spend most of the time thinking how much time will pass until it ends. of course there are lots of worse films, but, sure, there are many many better ones.

set in a post-apocalyptic environment, cyborgs led by warlord job rein over the human population. they basically keep them as livestock, as they need fresh human blood to live off. nea and her brother managed to survive one of their attacks when she was a kid, and years have past when she came face-to-face with the cyborgs again, but this time she's saved by the cyborg gabriel, who was created to destroy all cyborgs. job and his men are on their way to capture a largely populated city, while nea (with revenge on mind) pleads gabriel to train her in the way of killing cyborgs and she'll get him to gabriel.cheap low-rent cyborg / post-apocalyptic foray by writer / director albert pyun (who made "cyborg" prior to it and the blistering "nemsis" the same year) is reasonably a misguided hunk of junk with some interesting novelties. very little structure makes its way into the threadbare story, as the turgid script is weak, corny and overstated. the leaden banter tries to be witty, but it pretty much stinks and comes across being comical in the unintentional moments. most of the occurring actions are pretty senseless and routine. the material could've used another polish up, as it was an inspired idea swallowed up by lazy inclusions, lack of a narrative and an almost jokey tone. the open-ended, cliffhanger conclusion is just too abrupt, especially since a sequel has yet to be made. makes it feel like that that run out of money, and said "time to pack up. let's finish it off another day (or maybe in another decade). there's no rush." however it did find it rather diverting, thanks largely to its quick pace, some well-executed combat and george mooradian's gliding cinematography that beautifully captured the visually arresting backdrop. performances are fair. kris kristofferson's dry and steely persona works perfectly as gabriel and a self-assured, psychically capable kathy long pulls off the stunts expertly and with aggression. however her acting is too wooden. a mugging lance henriksen gives a mouth-watering performance of pure ham, as the villainous cyborg leader job who constantly having a saliva meltdown. scott paulin also drums up plenty of gleefulness as one of the cyborgs and gary daniels pouts about as one too. pyun strikes up few exciting martial art set pieces, involving some flashy vigour and gratuitous slow-motion. seeping into the background is a scorching, but mechanical sounding music score. the special effects and make-up fx stand up fine enough. watchable, but not quite a success and it's minimal limitations can be a cause of that.

every once in a while i will rent an action/adventure film just as a way to relax and occupy my mind with nothing important. this is why i own a copy of charlie's angels (2000) - not a quality film, but it makes me laugh and allows me to unwind for a while. one of these days i will probably buy copies of the princess bride and a few monty python movies for much the same reason.in any case, i rented this film because i wanted to be entertained without being challenged. for the most part, i got what i wanted. the plot was something along the lines of a poorly written xena episode, and the kathy long's acting was very community theater (not bad for a professional kick boxer and amateur actress). there were a few high points on the part of the cyborgs. somehow they managed to get some pretty good actors to play the bad guys - unfortunately, most of them die pretty darned quick.like most martial arts films, the further you get into the movie, the more emphasis there is on action, and the plot (which wasn't strong to begin with) deteriorates almost as quickly as the acting. however, the more kathy long fights, the more time the director devotes to her backside. by the end of the movie i was seriously considering watching it a second time just to count the number of times kathy long's tight red shorts were center screen.unfortunately, there just wasn't enough meat to this film to make satisfying curiosity worth seeing the film a second time. if you are a hard core xena fan in need of something to wile away a few hours - by all means, go to the grocery store and spend the .50 cents on the rental. there are some strong similarities between the show and this movie.just don't expect anything more than to be mildly amused for a few hours.unless, of course, you happen to like kathy long's derrière. then you might want to purchase a copy.

as big as a texas prairie and equally as boring. even liz taylor, james dean, chill wills, and dennis hopper can't float this overbloated boat. taylor actually looks bad--wrong wardrobe, wrong hair, and wrong makeup--a unique accomplishment in her remarkable career. hopper gives the only believable performance, and dean in the climactic scene displays remarkable talent as something we usually don't remember him for--a comic actor. rock hudson is his usual prototype of barbie doll ken and makes one wonder what a, say, redford could have done with the male lead. there is no discernible plot that provides any tension until the final twenty minutes, just a pastiche of milestones that have little relationship to each other. except for hopper, there is no character development, only a collection of cardboard cutouts that pop up periodically for no discernible reason like random targets in a shooting gallery. to its credit, the film does tackle racism and sexism at a time when they were taboo subjects, and it does have size, making it an excellent choice for ridding yourself of unwelcome house guests. those with the dvd version can spare themselves some of the tedium by starting with the second disk. you won't be missing anything of interest.

this movie is just crap. even though the directors claim to be part of that oi-culture, it's still a very, very bad directorial debut. the topic itself is very interesting and i accept the bad acting due to the fact, that they are all amateurs and never acted before, but the worst thing about this film are the dialogs and very unexperienced and naive directing. there's no timing at all in that movie. i felt like the directors were so exited to do that movie (it's their first feature), that they actually never really asked themselves, what story they wanna tell. i met ben (one of the directors) on several occasions and he's a nice and thoughtful guy, but that doesn't make him a director. i think, that "american history x" is full of clichés, but somehow manages to transport a story. "oi!warning" is full of clichés, doesn't tell anything new or provocative and (-that's the sad thing about this movie) it's far from any oi!-reality.if you wanna see weird but great german films, watch the movies of michael haneke, christoph schlingensief, oskar roehler, hans weingartner or oliver hirschbiegel:benny's video funny games die unberührbare mein letzter film das experiment das weisse rauschen muxmäuschenstill ...*** out of ten, because of the topic and the photography

here's yet another blasphemous european story in which they blast the religion of their country. (these atheist filmmakers are relentless.) here we see a brutal blasting of catholics and/or the catholic clergy (and i am not catholic).this won actually won an academy award for bes foreign film. that's probably because the story made catholics and religious belief in general look extremely weak. one of the main characters is a priest and he cares more about food than anything else. he's portrayed as nothing but an idiot. no wonder the secular- dominated academy loved this movie.also, there is some overacting fool who plays a guy who renounces his religion so he can marry one of the four daughters featured in the story. the daughters take turns seducing the "seminary" student (who states he studied for six years but says he's an agnostic!). i mean, how blasphemous is this film??!!!this is a disgrace and another excellent example of the secular-progressive bigotry of the film business, worldwide (not just hollywood).

i recently watched belle epoque, thinking it might be wonderful as it did win an oscar for best foreign language film. i was a bit underwhelmed by the predictability and simplicity of the film. maybe the conflict i had was that from the time the movie was filmed to now, the plot of a man falling for beautiful women and eventually falling for the good girl has been done so many times. aside from predictability of the plot, some scenes in the film felt really out of place with the storyline (ex. a certain event at the wedding). at times the film was a bit preachy in it's ideas and in relation to the franco era the film was set in and the church. the only thing the film had going for it was the cutesy moments, the scenery, and the character of violeta being a strong, independent woman during times when women were not really associated with those characteristics.

an allegation of aggravated sexual assault along with some other unpleasant peccadilloes, including improper use of a broom, are made against half a dozen or so of the most popular high-school jocks in glen ridge, new jersey, by a "mildly retarded" student (heather matarazzo). the investigation and building of the case are handed over to the da's office, where ally sheedy and eric stoltz are put in charge.rumors about the case spread through glen ridge, an upper-middle-class suburb where the jocks are adored by everyone in the community. (one of their fathers is a police lieutenant.) nobody believes matarazzo. "our boys would never take a slut like that down to the basement, rape her, and subject her to such sexual humiliation." the question is whether sheedy and stoltz will ever be able to shape a sufficiently cogent case that they can bring the jocks to trial. matarazzo is not an ideal plaintiff. she's desperate for love and friendship, and that makes it easy for faux friends to mislead her into making false statements. a slimy reporter says, "you can trust me," but it turns out the reporter can't be trusted at all. another student, a very popular girl in school, pulls a linda tripp on matarazzo, pretending to be her bosom buddy but all the while asking her leading questions about the incident -- and taping the results! as a consequence, watching this story unfold is like being on a roller coaster. at first it looks like a good case for sheedy and stoltz. but then, oops, the community organizes against the law. then it looks good again. but then the reporter interferes. then that obstacle is no sooner overcome, than linda tripp pokes her big nose into the investigation and makes public the tapes that seem to indicate matarazzo was lying. (well, actually, she was lying -- but she was lying to her interrogator in order to please her.) then that's overcome, but matarazzo objects to taking the stand because she doesn't want to be characterized as "retarded." eric stoltz is fine in the part of the prosecutor. i say that for the simple reason that he and i lived in pago pago around the same time. (i hope he wasn't the kid i had that altercation with at the bar of the seaside club. if he was, i take back my compliment.) ally sheedy is a strange actress and hard to characterize. she did a marvelous self-restrained job in "fine art" but i didn't sense any particular effort being put into this role, which was rather formulaic anyway. i mean, neither she nor stoltz nor anyone else could give a bravura performance in what's essentially a comic book story.the producers and director had the good sense to choose heather matarazzo for the role of victim. the very worst thing they could have done is cast an ethereally lovely, neotenous blond. instead, matarazzo, without being at all ugly, looks rather plain and this ordinary quality is complemented by her grooming and make up. nor have the writers turned her wistful and gentle. she has a temper and is sometimes irritating to listen to, which is all for the good.matarazzo's character is the best drawn in the film. the jocks are stereotypes. pure evil. they think themselves above the law, barge in on some nice girl's party in east orange, trash the place during a party far worse than "la dolce vita's" climactic orgy, and leave without explanation or apology. they deserve to get it in the neck -- and they do.i referred to this as a comic book story and that's pretty much what it is. it challenges none of our prejudices. it reaffirms out belief that the world can be divided into good and evil. and we don't have a moment's doubt about who's who. what i'm waiting for -- not really, that's just rhetorical -- is a movie almost exactly like this one and a dozen others, but in which the victim is lying in order to get her name and photo in the papers and garner all those sympathy chips from right-thinking folk like the rest of us.the film is based on a true story, as are so many others we've all seen, and even more fictional features. (eg., "the accused".) some are good, some are strictly routine. okay. fair enough. now when do we get to see a film about the tawana brawley case, in which the teen-aged girl disappeared on a whim for a few days, then had her friends strip her, tie her up, and smear her with dirt, so she could claim she'd been abducted and raped by the police? now that would be a challenge in a way this one simply is not.

i am normally a spike lee fan. it takes some time to really get into his "mojo", but once you see the clear message and the ability to tell the story that is close to his heart, lee is a genius. unlike the 25th hour or bamboozled (two of my favorite films of his), there was no clear story in this film. i was able to understand the struggle between washington and the choice to play well or be influenced by others, but for some odd reason lee was never able to get the true feeling out. washington did a decent job with what was handed to him, but you could tell that this was not lee's favorite film. not only did lee direct this film, but he also wrote it. you could tell. the camera work was horrid and the writing only contributed to the decay of the film. this film was coming full circle and it wasn't going to be pretty. lee was not 100% behind this film as he was with do the right thing. of all the films i have seen lee direct, this was the brightest and more modest of his films. it was almost as if he created a hollywood movie instead of one that was all his own. i don't know if he saw the money from do the right thing and ran with it, or what  but this film did not demonstrate his true talent.for anyone out there that has seen this film, and perhaps stopped watching anything directed by spike lee afterwards due to this film, i suggest you give him a second chance. don't get me wrong, i see exactly where you are coming from with this film and why you would want to put this behind you, but lee does grow up. his work becomes more of his own, and you can see the transformation from a desire to make money to just wanting to make good films. it took me awhile to watch the 25th hour, but when i did, it was sheer brilliance. perhaps it was the actors, perhaps the story, but lee crafted an amazing film out of one man's journey into the unknown. i guess that is what i was hoping mo' better blues would turn out to be. this really dark journey into the life of a man that really never grew up, but instead all i got was denzel being denzel. he really is one of the most versatile actors of this generation, and i do consider him the sydney poitier of cinema, but this was not the film to showcase his talent.another issue that i had with this film was the use of spike's sister playing one of the love interests. i don't know about you, and your family, but i do not think that i could have filmed a sex scene with my sister. i don't care who the actor is or how much money i am getting paid, i would never do it. it is just something that i never wish to see, but apparently that is different for spike. he went ahead and showed the full nude image of his sister without any remorse. it was sad and it even made me blush. also, i need somebody to answer me this. what was flavor flav doing introducing this film? so, i am sitting there on my couch, ready to start the film, when suddenly there is a voice from the past spelling out the studio that made this film, then he acknowledges himself. that did not build for a strong remaining of the story. again, i felt that lee was going for money on this film instead of actual talent. perhaps that is how he could afford both denzel and wesley in the same movie without any explosions.there were two great scenes in this film that made it worth watching through to the end. don't get me wrong, this was a very bad movie, but there is always a diamond in every alleyway. the scene when bleek accidentally forgets which woman he is with was mesmerizing. he continually went back and forth, weaving truth to confusion in a way that proved that lee was actually behind the camera. it was a visionary scene that was probably lost in the shuffle due to the remaining poor scenes. the other scene that was worth watching was the way that lee introduced and ended the film. by keeping the same pacing and direction, he was able to bring this tragic character around full circle and give him the chance to change his life. other than these two moments, the rest of the film was pure rubbish, not worth viewing unless you are about to go blind.grade: ** out of *****

things get dull early an often in this in this mawkish jazz bio fiction written and directed by spike lee.bleek gilliam (denzell washington) is a happenin' jazz trumpeter that fronts a quintet packing them in at below the underdog. his problems include an incompetent manager, a stage hogging sax player and two girlfriends that he's playing musical mattress with. the real love of his life though is his trumpet and his music. the band's manager, giant, has a dangerous gambling problem and proves to be an ineffective negotiator with greedy club owners and would be best jettisoned but bleek remains loyal for as long as possible. it will prove to his undoing as an artist but ironically contribute to his growth as a man.as bleek, denzell washington is all wrong as the ambitious trumpeter with a babe on each arm. he's too sweet a guy to be so self centered about his art, dispensing patience and love to those close to him with a low key remoteness. he simply lacks the fire. wesley snipes who plays henderson the sax player would have been far more suited for the role but even he would have to mouth the flaccid throw away scribblings of lee's torpid dialogue. as giant, lee hits the trifecta with an abysmal performance to match his writing and direction. loosely attempting to mirror the grubby but sympathetic ratso rizzo to bleek's joe buck he adopts a limp and even the "i'm walkin' here" moment from midnight cowboy. in this case you wish the taxi would run him over and be done with it.lee's script is all tepid argument, heavy handed ribbing and veiled insult with some requisite clumsy editorializing that lee has to inject to remain down. the scenes between the band members backstage and in rehearsal lack spark and are only surpassed in dreariness by the bleek, giant conversations that have an ad lib look and go in circles. completing this travesty is lee's pretentious visual style. tracking shots, zooms and pans are wasted and without significance to scenes. they just wander.blues is lee's love letter to jazz (made implicit by the mountains of memorabilia plastered all over the sets) and it's all sentimental clap trap that lacks passion and verve. jazz on film is better served by tavernier's "round midnight" and eastwood's "bird" which get below the surface, reveal more sides of the form, the pain behind it in addition to offering infinitely superior lead performances by forrest whitaker and the real deal dexter gordon. this spike lee joint doesn't even offer a mild buzz. it's some pretty bad homegrown.

there are two groups of people...those who love every fellini movie they see and normal people. while i will admit that i have really enjoyed some of his films, i can also honestly say that i can't stand some of them. my opinion, by the way, is not just some knee-jerk reaction--i have seen most of fellini's films and have also seen many films by the world's most famous directors. with this in mind, i feel that the most overrated and annoying directors can be both godard and fellini. they both have delighted in the bizarre and often unwatchable and yet have received gobs of accolades from reviewers and the "intelligensia", while the average person would never sit through some of their films. heck, even a person who loves international cinema would generally be left out in the cold when seeing some of these films. so, since only a small clique actually watches their films and they are already predisposed to seeing the directors as geniuses, it's not surprising that their films are so often praised--it's like a cult! if you don't believe me, think about many of godard's films such as first name carmen or alphaville,...or what about fellini satyricon or juliet of the spirits? these films abound with boredom, weirdness and incomprehensibility. now i am not saying a film can't be weird (after all i love happiness of the katakuris and shaolin soccer), but it must be watchable!now on to this movie. somehow, fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unsexy. this is no small task--it took a lot of work to make this so unwatchable. instead of cheap sexual thrills, the sex acts are choreographed in a silly and annoying way while the character of casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that donald sutherland looks like a ghoul. i know some of this must have been fellini's intention, but many viewers will be left completely bored by this sterile performance--especially since sutherland's lines are all poorly dubbed into italian and so he neither looks nor sounds like himself! unfortunately, when the movie is not wrapped up in these boring sexual escapades, there really isn't anything else to watch.an interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this dull movie is that the actress looks amazingly like a younger version of fellini's wife, giulietta masina. considering that in addition to this, that in previous decades fellini had masina play characters such as a prostitute and a horribly abused woman, it seems like he may have truly hated his wife and was having this acted out on screen. i read a bit about them and their tempestuous relationship and it seems to bear this out as well. this is about the only aspect of this turgid film that i found at all interesting. don't say i didn't warn you!

this is certainly one of the most bizarre films ever made - even for fellini. about the only one more bizarre is his satyricon. this is a two and a half hour romp through a strange nightmarish world of decadence, opulence and sexual challenge. sutherland makes a curiously unappealing casanova and the odd goings on in a series of unrelated vignettes taken from the great lover's autobiography fail to engage the viewer. the art direction and costume design are however outstanding. the academy missed on not even nominating the former but did itself justice by rewarding an oscar for the latter. also nominated (oddly) was the disjointed, pointless and almost inacessible screenplay. go figure!! the film on video is only 150 minutes, 16 minutes short of the original running time. this viewer was grateful.

when i first saw a small scene of it in some announcements, i thought the show would be entertaining to watch. the little robot guy does look kinda cute. the style of animation does look sort of familiar to some classic shows. before the show aired, i studied it through some sources. there, i did became slightly dismayed. the three children (tommy, gus and lola) are voiced appropriately but robotboy is an exception. it would have been a lot nicer if he were to be portrayed by a young lad. one good example is robot jones, a robot character from "whatever happened to robot jones?" the show isn't bad really. but the way robotboy is inappropriately portrayed is my only criticism. thus, i don't watch it much.

i have to agree with most everyone's opinion that this show was poorly produced as well as written.the acting was not much more above the lower production values however i feel an actor can only rely on the material provided to them and make the best of it. in keeping with this thought i feel it is important to point out that one actor has risen and persevered well beyond this campy to tasteless production to have become a respectable and quite talented performer.i am referring to laura harris a canadian born actor who has etched her way through many poorly produced shows and movies to find a place on the hbo hit "dead like me" where she plays the role of daisy adair and to her credit she handles this role in an efficient manner.i remember having a typical boyhood crush on the young actress during this series where she played ashley a soft spoken yet intelligent 7th grader.i felt as though if anyone might "make it" from this series it surely would be laura harris and true to her nature she did excel in the acting field to win the respect of many producers who now recognize her for her talent as well as unique nordic blond allure. if you ever do have the opportunity to view this series i recommend that you have something epic to watch after wards such as the 'godfather' or perhaps 'beaches' in order to remind yourself that there is after all a great deal of true production integrity and value out there and that this series is only a low-budget reminder of what laura harris can simply state about her time on the show and i bet she would quote many a young actors words of defense by saying "it's a start!"

this is a fascinating film--especially to old movie buffs and historians (i am both). during the first half of the twentieth century, sadly, black americans were usually not allowed into white theaters. as a result, theaters catering to black audiences wanted to show films reflecting the black experience and showing black actors. in many cases, the films were essentially similar plot-wise to standard hollywood fare, but with a much, much lower budget--and usually horrid production values. you really can't fault the film makers--they just didn't have the money and resources available to the average film company. as a result, they had to make due with a lot less--including an over-reliance on stock actors that were seen again and again, no money for re-shooting scenes and a need to get the films done fast! this film tried very hard to be a black version of a gene autry film--starring herb jeffries instead. jeffries was a light-skinned man from mixed ancestry and he starred in several similar cowboy films. in each, he sings a little, fights a little (though very poorly) and loves a little--everything you need in a cowboy. believe it or not, jeffries is still alive at age 96.the general plot was indiscernible from an autry picture--complete with anachronistic items such as telephones out west! the problem is that despite its similarities, the low budget shines through. stymie (from the li'l rascals) flubbed a few lines but they just left it in, the fight scenes were totally unchoreographed and were among the worst ever put on film, there were some odd plot holes, there was no background music (leaving the film strangely quiet) and the acting was pretty awful.now this does not mean that the film isn't worth seeing--only that it abouts with technical problems that prevent it from being scored higher. one reviewer, oddly, scored this film a 10! how this can be with all the problems is beyond me. however, i can understand a person liking the film despite its many problems. the plot is generally pretty good, the characters likable, the musical numbers excellent and you know that the people making the film tried so darn hard and it's a very important piece of american history. but a 10!? by the way, in an odd bit of casting, the very tall, lean and almost white-skinned jefferies is paired with short, dumpy and exceptionally dark mantan moreland....as his brother!! also, spencer williams may be familiar to you. he played andy on tv's "amos 'n andy".

how can a major german tv station broadcast a mess like this? it's amazing how the main actors avoid every acting talent - even the well-known gottfried john is acting very poor - especially in the double murder scene - how amateurish.......! the screen plan is very , very extended - perhaps to fill out 2 parts of the movie. be careful not to fall asleep while watching! the set is obviously very often a blue screen, f.g. the scenes on the ship with unreal sea in background...! in the german version the sound and the dubbing is very poor - probably reason: different languages of actors - but: other international productions do handle this much more professional. advice: do not watch - it's a diabolic waste of time!

störtebeker is truly one of the worst tv mini-series ever made on this planet.the acting is unbearable and the historic background is mostly nonsense: just two examples: visby was shown as a village of three houses. instead, it was a major city at this time, it's best days already passed by. secondly, hamburg would have never been the city taking care of pirates in the baltic sea. hamburg had no access to the baltic sea, the major town at that time was lübeck.but worse than all that: the directing! how can a dilettante like this guy be allowed to direct a movie like this? impossible! there was not a single believable scene it, the fights were ridiculous and i could not suppress laughter at most stern scenes.i can't understand at all how a major television station could be so incompetent.

richard dix is a big, not very nice industrialist, who has nearly worked himself to death. if he takes the vacation his doctors suggest for him, can he find happiness for the last months of his life? well, he'll likely be better off if he disregards the voice of the whistler.this william castle directed entry has some great moments (the introduction and the depiction of richard dix's life through newsreel a la citizen kane), and some intriguing plotting in the final reels. dix's performance is generally pretty good. but, unfortunately, the just does not quite work because one does not end up buying that the characters would behave the way that they do. also, the movie veers from a dark (and fascinating beginning) to an almost cheerful 30s movie like midsection (full of nice urban ethnic types who don't mind that they aren't rich) and back again to a complex noir plot for the last 15 minutes or so.this is a decent movie -- worth seeing -- but it needed a little more running time to establish a couple of the characters and a female lead capable of meeting the demands of her role.

gadar is an example of one of bollywood worst overrated movies ever. directed by anil sharma, who prefers making period related movie gives a rubbish movie. the songs were boring and ain't the kind of song you want to listen to in your car, full volume. sunny deol is famous for making daft movies, where he beats up a 100 bad guys on his own. he even kicks a metal jail door (indian) and kicks a moving car far away (teesri aankh). i can give another 50 examples of disgraceful action by sunny deol. but i'm sure most people know this already. sunny gives a pathetic performance once again repeating the same type of role. a guy claiming to be fighting for his countries piece, by using violence. amisha patel is hands down dead sexy with an amazing body that i would love to bone. but even she couldn't save the film from being a disaster. instead of wearing sexy clothes like she usually does, in this movie she doesn't. maybe cos she was playing a muslim, but she doesn't act like one in the movie. overall, this is a poor show all the way, i'm sure it will appeal to some people, who love seeing the bollywood actor beat up 100 guys. give me a break.

gadar is a really dumb movie because it tells a fake story.it's too unrealistic and is a typical sunny deol movie that is aimed to bash pakistan.the movie's aim is to misguide the viewers so they can think that pakistan and it's government is bad but trying to hide their own flaws won't work.and all the songs and music of the movie are all bad.most likely the sikhs will love th movie cause they are being misguided.the movie sucks and sucks with power. i think only amisha patel was good in the movie. if i can give 0 out of 10 i would but the lowest is 1.please save 3 hours of your life and do not watch this stupid boring movie .disaster.

this move is slow, plodding, cold, dark, and without a plot or hope. it follows that tried and true european formula that they love to subsidize, that is never seen, but that the critics think makes an "important point".the movie is valuable if nothing more than to show the huge difference in the thinking between americans and europeans regarding employment. in this movie the men are still nursing their wounds from years ago and feel it's the government's duty to provide them with work. whereas in the u.s. we know we have to go out there and create value for someone.spain never looked so backward!

a romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class "artist" with a comfortable upbringing... it is clear that the writer-director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it. if you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story, unemployed men of all ages behave like teenagers, have no anger, no fear, no frustration, etc. all the characters live trough the day by carrying pranks, boyish jokes. they do never look for work, the do almost never experience rejection or anguish, etc. living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school... ridiculous. specially if you compare it with contemporary masterpieces from the likes of ken loach, etc.

this movie is painfully slow and has no plot. it conveys the lives of a group of laid off boatworkers. one of the older ones is sincere in his attempt to get a job. there may be some social commentary here, but, it is muddled as nobody is painted in a very sympathetic light.i do not understand why it had a 7.8 when i decided to watch it. i watched the whole tedious thing and built expectations for a huge redeeming payoff. no luck. the imdb rating has always been such a good match for my tastes. anything above 6.5 was worth watching.and my wife says javier barem does not even look good in this movie. he's not my type, so, my agreement does not mean much.sigh. i give it a 1.

quentin crisp once stated that when things are shown too beautifully, one is a romantic. when things are show unbearably grim, they are realistic. and when something gets the ironic treatment, they're spot on. unfortunately for leon de aranoa, he falls into the second catagory. this director has obviously tried too hard to make a spanish "ken loach" type movie, without being able to capture the comedy, and warmth between the characters, that elevate loach movies from merely being 'depressing'. los lunes al sol, is just that, only depressing. things are unrealistically grim. the characters ultimate moments of misery all reach a climax at the same point, and if the glum story isn't enough, aranoa washes the tale over with a visually grey and grimy colour palette. the films was ridiculously over-rated at the goyas. a movie that shows empathy for the weaker citizens in society, in this case unemployed harbour workers, does not automatically make for a good movie, even though i would be the first to sympathize with the fates of these people. this movie only manages to make me grow disinterested in their fate. in 21st century spain, unemployed people do not live like beggars, and the public transport ferries have decent restrooms, and it's hard to come across a bar with so few punters and such little happiness to be encountered in it. leon de aranoa obviously doesn't have a clue about working class spain, and does it no favours. pretentious is the only conclusion i can draw. the scene where the men watch a football match for free, has been directly copied from a film which deals much more 'realistically' with the subject of the 'poverty' trap, namely "purely belter," which is afar more engaging, humorous, and yet sad.

aka: mondays in the suni have no idea what i just watched. three men wander aimlessly and drink, grousing about everything and at everyone in their path. this is supposed to be a drama, but what it is, is a total waste of film, without a single redeeming quality.i have read reviews touting the performances herein as "wonderful," "beautiful," and "heroic." i'm afraid i cannot agree, unless these men were supposed to come off as the dumbest most ignorant proto-humans who ever walked.all in all? this was not a movie. it wanders throughout and loses everyone but the audience. i've watched this three times, and cannot for the life of me see what anyone sees in this garbage. there is nothing profound here, whatsoever. it's crap.it rates a zero/10 from...the fiend :.

this picture reminds me of a keneth more picture from 1957 called the admirable crighton" whilst on the boat he was a servant and on the island he became the master and upon being saved reverted back to servant. madonna did ok in some movies however this one doesn't fire. if there is any picture that show madonna can't act it is this one.i am not sure whether this was a subtle copy of "the admirable crighton" but it sure looks like it and if thats the case then hollywood must be running out of ideas and that is sad. to provide a platform for actors to improve their career profile and just on that this fails in every corner and detail.the plot is loose and the acting is mediocre. the script should have been put thru the shredder before taking it on location. while many here have canned madoona for all her acting i think that in films like "a league of their own" was quite good and enjoyable and "who's that girl" showed a quirkiness of madonna's style not shown before or afterwards. other madonna films are not as enjoyable and i would have liked a to see a madonna animation series with the character from "who's that girl" i like the music from these two films however "swept away" remains at the bottom of the pile here and will remain so.everyone has a bomb right?

this film story is bad enough, which can happen in real life. i'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film. i say it was bad because there is some reason. 1. if madonna was rich and can do everything she want, then why she falling in love with that bad man. 2. how can the story script is so weak? she was so rich, can do everything she want, but not dare to divorce her husband that is very impossible.the words i love you, it doesn't meant anything in this film.

guy ritchie's noble effort is beat up, knocked down, raped, kicked around, shot, stabbed, spit upon, punched, sodomized, and abused and left for dead by madonna's dreadful performance. her acting was very reminiscent of a graduate from the al gore school of dramatics and public speaking. guy ritchie did do a somewhat noble attempt to remake this, and if you exclude all of the scenes that his wife was in, it's a fair movie at best. i think that the best acting job ever, had to be guy comforting his wife that her performance was good enough not to re-shoot. if you have an opportunity of watching swept away or clipping your toenails for 89 minutes...go for the extended pedicure.

whatever possessed guy ritchie to remake wertmuller's film is incomprehensible.this new film is a mess. there was one other person in the audience when i saw it, and she left about an hour into it. (i hope she demanded a refund.) the only reason i stayed through to the end was because i've never walked out of a movie.but i sat through this piece of junk thoroughly flabbergasted that madonna and ritchie could actually think they made a good film. the dialogue is laughable, the acting is atrocious and the only nice thing in this film is the scenery. ritchie took lina's movie and turned it into another "blue lagoon."this is a film that you wouldn't even waste time watching late night on cinemax. time is too precious to be wasted on crap like this.

i don't know what some of you are smoking, but i suspect it's potent.to call swept away awful would be an insult to the very concept of terribleness. the acting is hideous and i'm not picking on madonna here, we all know she's useless, but someone should have warned everyone else that her ailment is contagious. my back literally hurts from cringing so much at poorly delivered lines. the editing is so sloppy, it beggars description. the photography and composition (which in this era, competence should be a given for any film with a budget) are astonishingly inept, even the lighting is horrid and unnatural looking. these are basic elements of filmmaking, if you can't get them right, you should seek another line of work. it's as contrived as a grade 3 production of snow white, except nowhere near as well made or interesting.the original film by lina wertmueller is a wonderful satire and metaphor, superbly acted and written, featuring breathtaking visuals - you can practically taste the sea salt and feel the windswept sand in your hair. the sexual tension feels real and immediate...those of you who found guy ritchie's version deplorable, should see it, it really is one of the landmarks of world cinema.those of you who thought the remake is some kind of masterpiece should have your heads examined.

it's not my fault. my girlfriend made me watch it.there is nothing positive to say about this film. there has been for many years an idea that madonna could act but she can't. there has been an idea for years that guy ritchie is a great director but he is only middling. an embarrassment all round. 

i had the (mis)fortune to see this film at a showing in the us. having reluctantly sat through the entire abysmal thing, i am shocked to have seen so many good reviews here on imdb. the original film was a turkey, but an interesting one. it fitted into that early seventies, post 1969 revolution thing; this film just stinks of....... , well, nothing really. it's that bad.imagine a badly done perfume commercial - see what i mean ?madonna never could act, and has been an embarrassment on the big screen for years. she looks worse and worse with every one of those years, increasingly coming to resemble a skinned meerkat.guy ritchie, who has built his "reputation" on lock stock, could never direct either - his movies are shallow, badly cut, fashion shows. he doesn't disappoint here either; he wisely cast his wife as the star of this debacle.please people, take little heed of the good reviews this movie has received from other posters below. they are quite obviously business plants.don't encourage ritchie to humiliate himself further by giving him money.

*** warning! spoilers contained herein! *** this is a semi-autobiographical look at what might happen to madonna if she were ever to be stranded on a deserted island. there's absolutely no challenge to madonna in this role, and it shows. she's just madonna playing madonna, and she can't even get that right. i know what you're saying, you're saying, "how do you know this is what madonna is really like, you've never met her!" correct, i haven't, but we all remember "truth or dare", don't we? i know kevin costner does. you would think, in the year 2002, that madonna might have learned something, one way or the other, from the "crossover" ladies that have also made their way across the silver screen. for goodness' sake, hasn't madonna seen "glitter"? mariah carey showed the film world how it is done!!! mariah kicks madonna's trashy butt to the curb in beauty, talent, screen presence, charisma, characterization, you name it! all we see from this glimpse into madonna's world is she's the only one in it.  if there's one thing to be said for madonna, it is that she's consistent. when she was an mtv darling, she set the world of women's fashion back 20 years. now, in film, she has set women's roles in film and society back 20 years, by glamourizing all the most hated, horrible, reprehensible, odious qualities women have been reputed to have locked away inside them, qualities they have been so desperately trying to prove they really don't possess. ***here's the spoilers!!! don't read any further if you don't want to know...*** here's the one good thing i will say about this film, and i really was impressed by it. they didn't go for the "hollywood ending" - madonna's character lives. in the typical, happy hollywood ending, madonna's character would have died on the island, and her long-suffering, oppressed, whipped husband would have been free to finally settle down with a good, decent woman, a woman who would be the exact opposite of his deceased wife, and they both live happily ever after. but in this extremely depressing conclusion, she is rescued, and once more, this poor victim of a husband is once again saddled with his demon of a wife, and his life will once again become a living hell. *** here endeth the spoilers ***

*may contain spoilers*i bent over backwards to be fair to this film. i knew it starred madonna. i knew it lasted a whole week in theaters. i knew it got a lot of bad reviews. i wasn't expecting a deep and thoughtful examination of class, culture and sexuality like we got in the italian original. the benefit of the doubt lasted a whole ten minutes.madonna plays a rich, pretentious, nit-witted gorgon who goes on vacation with her henpecked husband and flippant friends (the brunette woman is as bad as madonna, exhibiting some really dumb facial expressions). adriano giannini plays the ship's first-mate who the madonna character delights in humiliating and treating like dirt in every scene they have together. why is she such a bitch to him? simply because the plot requires it so that later when the two of them get marooned on a deserted mediterranean island the tables will be turned and he will teach her a lesson. just as inexplicable is how they fall in love despite having nothing in common and having abused each other for two-thirds of the movie."swept away" is a silly, simplistic, superficial movie from beginning to end. madonna gives a typically wooden performance. there are many dumb scenes: madonna singing and dancing atrociously at the demand of giannini, a fantasy scene with madonna and a lot of scenes where he slaps her and kicks her in the butt. guy ritchie does his "stylish" editing which is laughable here. the film contains some of the worst dialog i've heard in a major movie in several years. the ending is sappy and implausible. it's basically "the blue lagoon" meets "overboard" minus the nudity of the former and the sense of humor of the latter.maybe madonna's ego is so big that she insists on continuing to prove herself as a competent actress. please give it up, madge, for our sake as well as yours. this isn't her worst movie though. that distinction still belongs to "shanghai surprise". she hasn't made anything worse than that...yet.

in the last 10 years i have worked in 3 different indie professional wrestling organizations, managed many pro wrestlers (including 2 backyard wrestling stars), worked on 2 different wrestling tv programs and did voice-overs and commentary for many wrestling dvd's. i have never witnessed the level of outright amateurish stupidity, lack of talent and skill, and shoddy production quality found in splatter rampage wrestling. to even list this as a wrestling video of any kind is an outright misuse of the term. shot with low-dollar video cameras, it's essentially home videos of kids play-fighting in back yards. the sound quality is bad, the video quality is bad, and the acting is horrendous. the "wrestlers" wear makeshift costumes with hand-drawn tee shirts and ski masks and hit each other with a variety of items and halfway imitate wrestling moves. sometimes the "matches" are on the grass. sometimes on a back yard trampoline. all are poorly acted and executed with a shameless lack of any wrestling skill. in short, don't bother with this stinker. whether your interest in this dvd is entertainment or academic (both in my case), you will be terribly disappointed.

the plot is so manipulative, counting completely on the most uncredible and unthinkable decisions of the adults in each and every parenting decision. the children are super as far as charm and delivery of the lines but as i say, the whole plot depends on each and every adult being complete idiots, and therefore in that case, making more sense out of their actions (and at the same time being the only way to explain the boys actions of total mistrust). why would sweey charming little boys take a baby from the shore? how did the baby get to the shore and at the same time account for it being the last place to be searched? why would the 2 boys never be informed an instead at the same time a baby is missing nobody gives a fig about them running around with food and diapers with all that commotion going on and literally every other place it searched? there is just no possible justification to ask the audience to believe this. asking to believe it would then do to trial (even the informal setting) is too insulting to bare.

i rented this movie the other night because neither my girlfriend or myself had ever seen it, even though we had heard from a mutual friend how "great it was".now, i am pretty conservative in my views, but i knew going in it would be pretty liberal given who directed it. i figured before the movie started michael douglas would play a compassionate popular liberal beloved by the masses, and there would be a stodgy conservative opponent as his antagonist. but i thought thats where the political statement would begin and end.ok, the plot was solid: single president falls for a lobbyist. ok, this has potential i thought to be pretty entertaining, since the plot was unique. but then the movie turned into a liberal infomercial. the movie became more about gun control and environmental issues than it did about the relationship between the president and sydney(annette bening).there were several ridiculous premises in this movie: 1) the character sydney playing this six figure lobbyist who is a "closer". could she have been more flighty? she was constantly disorganized and seemed in awe of everything. hardly a "closer". i am an sales, and she could not "close" selling a glass of water to a man dying of thirst.2) secondly, is there anything more ridiculous than richard dreyfuss playing a right wing fanatic? this is the most liberal man in hollywood and her is playing some right wing ideologue. give me a break. i liked how he took his conservative character and made him as sinister as possible.3) the speech at the end was simply ludicrous. the line about "i am a proud card carrying member of the aclu" was a joke. first, no president would ever admit something like that, being an active member of an ultra fringe group. second, why even bring something like that up. you just alienated off over half the movie going audience who is moderate or conservative.i thought the plot was great and unique. i thought michael douglas was a good choice as president. but the movie went from being a "movie" to a left wing political statement, which is why the movie failed.its a shame to see a great plot ruined by hollywood having to force their political views on the audience

if derivative and predictable rape-revenge thrillers are your thing, then you're in for a rare treat... they don't really appeal to me, so i couldn't find any single thing to redeem this peculiar tale. it seems like something straight out of the 1980s, a different age when this would have gone straight to video. gillian anderson and danny dyer do ok work with a weak script and a tedious scenario. but what is gillian anderson doing getting involved with a film like this after the brilliance of her performance as lady deadlock in the bbc tv adaptation of bleak house last year? the director is said to have been influenced by witnessing a near-rape and by his work on documentaries, but even that's not an excuse for the bizarre scene where a pack of rural hounds beat up dyer. i don't think i was the only person in the cinema laughing. what i can't understand is the involvement of the companies behind this film - filmfour and verve pictures. both have been involved in some great independent british films in recent years. verve distributed bullet boy, code 46 and red road - straightheads doesn't deserve to be mentioned in the same breath. filmfour and verve take note: is this really the best you can do? what are independent british filmmakers going to make of your artistic judgement? it's a big blot on both of your reputations. listen carefully: can you hear the thousands of fans of independent british films crying in despair?

*warning* contains many spoilers!let me start by saying i have a huge respect for gillian anderson's incredible talent as a varied and versatile actress - which is why i cannot comprehend her reasons for agreeing to make this film once she saw the script (or lack thereof.) the premise of the film was, in my opinion, a great idea and there were some genuinely thought-provoking themes in there but it ended up like a collapsed soufflé. it exemplifies why i hate 99% of british cinema. it feels too long, it's tedious, for the most part, and not a lot happens after the first twenty minutes. just when you think there's a chance of it picking up some speed it disappoints like paula radcliffe running a marathon. with little imaginative directing and a minimalist plot, there isn't much to keep the audience from nodding off into their popcorn. as for the script i can only surmise that the writer was trying to save a few trees, with the average scene reading something along the lines of "alice: f*** off! (adam stares. adam runs off into woods)(alice follows) alice: adam! adam!" i suspect that, word for word, the actors probably got paid more than kate moss did for her virgin mobile adverts. what few lines there were didn't have a lot of variation with a frequent use of the f-word that would make bridget jones's friend, shazza, proud. there is little establishment of the main characters before the main sordid event which leaves the audience lacking much sympathy for the characters beyond an automatic 'oh that's terrible' reaction.alice isn't the kind of woman who courts sympathy either. she's got a great job, an expensive london apartment with roof space to die for yet she comes across on screen as conceited, bitter and dissatisfied before her life takes a turn for the worst. after the attack a few layers are peeled back which sort-of explain why she is this way to start with; she grew up with a tough-as-old-boots soldier who thought that teaching her how to shoot his gun was the ultimate expression of love so, instead of following in his footsteps, she ran away to the big city in search of something to make her feel like her life is worth living. instead she found a group of stereotypical middle-class toffs who look down on anyone not rich enough to drive a lexus and the luxuries that come with an integrated security/entertainment system (i.e. becoming mrs robinson to a wanna-be cockney wide-boy electrician) someone pass me a tissue. the one saving grace of this character is that she is played by gillian anderson. in the hands of a lesser actress she would've been intolerably one-dimensional but ms anderson actually manages to inject a few fleeting moments of humanity into this otherwise lifeless human being, most notably when she's sincerely apologising for her road rage in a vain attempt to stop her attackers from continuing their assault.i can't say that adam fared much better either. danny dyer played him well as a fish-out-of-water jack the lad but a good performance couldn't save him from both the lack of a script and the total absence of any character background. this film relied mostly on shock value but the timing was off and it felt far too engineered from beginning to end. as for the shock, the most shocking thing about this film is the unashamed demonstration of how painfully thin ms anderson has become; it was almost as unsettling to see as the brutal attack scenes. on a side note, only in a british film would a gang of violent sex attackers take the time to offer each other contraception before continuing to cheer their mates on - talk about stiff-upper-lip taken to the extreme! if this is the kind of film that the national lottery is donating money to make then i'm not surprised that fewer and fewer people are choosing to spend their pound each week. saying that i hated this film is giving it too much credit, i didn't care enough about any of the characters to warrant that strong an emotion. i want that one-and-a-bit hours of my life back, please!

gillian anderson is an arrogant, driven, career woman who picks up working class oik danny dyer for a night of fun. after a stupid accident in the countryside, they are brutally attacked. after recovering, and after a chance meeting with one of the attackers, their thoughts turn to that of revenge...i thought "straightheads" was terrible. violent, brutal, misogynistic and unpleasant. if i didn't dislike the phrase a great deal i would call "straightheads" a video nasty. certainly it was the kind of film that would have had a no budget release straight to video during the dark days of the 1980's. frankly i don't know how "straightheads" got a cinema release.i am not a prude. i don't mind sex and violence in the movies, but they have to be married to a movie with a) a good plot or b) good characterisation or c) preferably both. "straightheads" had neither. no progression in the plot or the characters and too much left unexplained and unsaid. luckily "straightheads" went nowhere fast. it was only 80 minutes long.it was a shame, because there was the germ of an interesting film here, with an especially interesting turn in the plot in the last third. how often do i say this, but it could have been good if it had been done properly. what a shame. i really like gillian anderson and danny dyer, but they were on a hiding to nothing with this film. she, especially, is very underrated (and is still particularly fit).if you want to see a good british revenge movie, rent or buy shane meadows' "dead man's shoes". it is a little masterpiece. last weekend i should have seen his "this is england" instead. ce sera sera...

this movie introduces quite an array of characters and their relationships in the first half-hour or so. none of them generate any interest or positive response. i waited for the intrigue to begin, hoping things would get better and ended up sticking around until the bitter end, but there was no reward for doing that.if you want a synopsis, look elsewhere. to me the action isn't worth recounting. not that the story was that bad, i guess you could say i had some problems with the script--i.e. i thought it stunk. a look at the credits will show you that there's a pretty strong cast here, used to no avail. most of the old pros in this flick do good jobs; of the actors i hadn't seen much of before i especially liked deborah kara unger. that's about all that i can find good to say about this picture.

about twenty minutes into this movie, i was already bored. quite simply, these characters were fairly dull. occasionally, something enjoyable would happen, but then things would slow down again. fortunately, my patience was eventually rewarded, and the ending to this movie wasn't bad at all. however, it was by no means good enough to justify sitting through the first ninety minutes. so, i would say that the movie was mediocre overall, and considering all of the talent in the cast, i'd call this a disappointment.

what happened? those were the first words to come to mind after this awful movie finished for the first and last time on my computer screen. nightmare on elm st. had gone noticeably downhill after it's cult-classic of a first film, but i doubt anybody expected this horrible aberration. nobody expected this cosmic joke of a film, and nobody is more distraught about it than i am.this is by far the worst anoes film of the lot. it doesn't seem too bad at the beginning, with a genuinely creepy intro and a rather elongated shower scene featuring alice. but then we hit rock bottom right at the beginning with bad acting and a jumbled sequence of events. i mean, sure, freddy movies are supposed to be dreamlike and creepy, but this one is like a train-wreck in it's poor sequencing of events and awful plot setup. it feels like you're coming down with a terrible headache, not like you're getting scared. so the directing totally fails. none of the suspense and well crafted horror from previous sequels is found here, and even the death scenes are mostly just crass and moronic (the death by food especially), except for that one cool scene that's crafted like a comic book battle. that's why this movie gets a point.the storyline...lame, lame, lame, lame. it was an excuse to gross people out and to make the mpaa mad, and nothing more.the acting...should i mention how freddy has been turned into a childish boogey-man-like clown figure? how his rebirth scene made him look like a monster out of a 7 year old's horror book instead of the foreboding and nightmarish dream killer we've all known and loathed since the first film? that arm waving and stupid chuckling as he appeared again...ugh. and his one liners, too. throughout the whole movie, they suck. badly. a grade-schooler could come up with funnier stuff then the vomit freddy spews throughout the 90 minute duration of the film. hell, a chimpanzee could come up with much funnier lines than what freddy's been told to say here. who wrote the script for this? this movie is really irritating, too. it seems so pointless. like a gnat buzzing around your head, a gnat that just won't go away. freddy is just an annoyance now. we've seen him so many times before. this one's nothing different, and a lot of the time you just want him to take his awful one-liners and get off your tv screen. alice, instead of the thoughtful and quiet girl from the last movie, seems annoying and very shallow, and this is obviously due to the horrible, horrible script this movie was fitted with. lisa wilcox may be a great actor, and sometimes it shines through the cracks here, but she can't save this movie. the other actors just suck, mostly.the last 15 or 20 minutes of freddy's existence in this film are awful and embarrassing. i hope englund was ashamed of this. who wants to see freddy running around like a mutated gorilla with his limbs stretched out, laughing like a cartoon villain? this movie destroyed anything positive i felt for the nightmare series. i can't ever watch them again without this image running through my head; of the mangled cartoon abomination that krueger became. he was slowly becoming a jokey, retarded pop culture icon, but this is the lowest of the low. this is rock bottom. nobody will ever take freddy krueger seriously again after seeing this film. he's naught but a joke, a clown that is long overdue for retirement. pathetic.of all the movies i could hate, why did it have to be nightmare on elm st, a series which i once adored and liked a lot? the dream child represents the death of a legend, and the shattering of any hope i had in the nightmare on elm st. series. freddy would go on to continue his downward spiral into clown status in the next installment, freddy's dead (which was more entertaining than this was, actually), and then he would go on to bring down the mood in freddy vs jason, and finally he would putter out into nothing, which is for the best.i know this has mostly been a rant about why freddy sucks now, but this movie is overall, horrible, and one of the worst movies ever made. not recommended to anyone, and even anoes completionists won't want to see this one again.

a nightmare on elm street: the dream childthis is a bad movie. there's no escaping it. i love the series and i think freddy is probably the best character ever in horror movies. but even being a fan i can't help but see this movie is mediocre.there's not even an effort to build an interesting story and strong characters. by now they had just given up. they don't even try. they are the production of course, hoping for a few more easy dollars.the story doesn't grab your attention. its so simple it's almost absent.alice, a survivor from part 4 is now pregnant. freddy is coming back through the baby's dreams. at the beginning we learn that to stop him alice must find his mother. and that's it. the story advances slowly since there's so little plot meaning it turns pretty boring after a few minutes of bad dialogues and awful acting. in fact that's the only scary thing, the acting, since the deaths are not even slightly cool. the characters are so uninteresting we couldn't care less for them.the girls are as unattractive as possible. the whole cast reminded me of a bad amateur theatre group. i've seen better actors in school plays. it's embarrassing really.lisa wilcox still manages to bring some class to this. she is beautiful, sexy and has some talent. but the material just didn't let her shine. what a pity.stephen hopkins work is nowhere close to renny harlin´s brilliant direction in dream master. he tries some imaginative shots near the end but that tension harlin and craven created so well in the previous movies is no where to be found.the dream child is just another unimaginative sequel. it's the kind of movie that give horror series a bad name. the end for the once scary freddy. it's too sad to see him now. a clown that's not funny. a bad joke. goodbye freddy.

before the internet this movie could never have been made but the idea that the web is full of evil is the idea behind it.unfortunately thats all it was-the generally opinion that nowadays the web in the wring hands can create as much chaos as anything in real life. since the late 90s somebody found out that you could create a virus which would disable a computer.the point? just to do something plain evil by remote control so its the cyber equivalent of robbery with violence.which is basically what spam is without the violence-its conning you into parting with your money and has been going so long its a wonder anybody takes any notice of it nowadays so they get cleverer and use real names as doing something illegal isn't a priority, we see the internet get worse by the week-the social networking sites or chat room which lead to evil and the child porn sites which are illegal. so the idea of a movie which invites people to click a name is just the same old thing-there actually is a site called horrorvision which is a porn site-but this one kills the people who enter its portals. the story though is so disjointed its boring with it and comes to no conclusion. the definitive movie on this theme of destroying an internet service provider has yet to be made but clearly many do need destroying as they won't be shut down when there's money to be made. calling this a horror film is rather misleading as it bores not frightens

save your money. i have been a fan of fullmoon productions for a long time and i have never seen them make a movie as bad as this. the casting is terrible, the story is even worse and the special affects are worse than any movie iv'e seen sence the 80's. this movie is so bad i cant even suggest renting it.

at first look of the plot tagline i figured it could have been a decent film. could i have ever been more wrong? the beginning of the film makes it look like a bunch of freaks got together and decided to make a low budget film. for the first 10 minutes you don't notice the cheesy acting, horrible sound and god-awful special effects, but then it gets worse. just about 20 minutes into it i was asking myself, "what was the plot again?" i could only ask that question when i wasn't busted out laughing from the sheer lameness of this film. the main actor has one setting for emotions and he sticks to it throughout the entire film, even though he was supposed to go through love and hate and everything in-between. the flashback scene almost made me vomit because it made me re-live one extra minute of footage from earlier in the movie. now we hit the middle of the film where they are obviously trying to rip off morpheus from "the matrix," although he is doing just a horrible job. the actor's talking about "star wars" and fortune cookie phrases is almost unbearable. now at the end of the movie you don't realize that it's the end of the movie because you actually think the plot is finally developing. the "morpheus" character dies, the only good thing about the movie. he utters a couple words and the credits roll. what is this? no plot, bad acting, cheesy everything, it couldn't get any worse. please, if you value human decency, do not watch this movie!

now isn't it? considering all the good work done by danzel,clive and jodie, the movie never grew into something more than a horrible die-hard/heist movies copycat. yes a couple of jokes, no absolutely no unpredictable twists, to be honest the only unpredictable moments are there because both director and editor made some stupid mistakes, it is a shame for them and a waste of time for us. if someone can tell me why on earth were they digging a hole inside that safe, who the hell is the rebe and how on earth did they know that the diamonds were in the particular cell, it could just make my day, but it seems that spike asks us to take too much things in this one for granted, and do not raise our eyebrows when something looks stupid...its just another studio contract movie relax and enjoy...

three story lines and not enough tying them together, "inside man" was very jumpy and an incomplete attempt to be artistic and realistic. though having its moments, the movie started off looking like a fast thriller which quickly grounded to a slow crawl, jumped quickly between highs and lows, and only barely picked up steam again near the last 20 minutes. i will give credit to denzel washington, he played his part extremely well with a full grasp of his human side and not just the typical "super-detective" with all the answers. clive owen also did quite well with his duality part as "evil genius" and "criminal mastermind" (both not the same in retrospect). overall though, each person individually created a great sub-section. yet, when the parts finally came together and everything counted, there was no sudden "ah-ha!" or summation of everything. it all ended up with very little of the energy it began with, with a lot of plot-holes, tons of questions, and as i said earlier, no where near spike lee's normal level. i have to completely disagree with the so-called "professional critics"... this is not the movie they play it up to be.

this movie makes no sense at all, there are plot holes big enough to drive enormous nypd vehicles through. the characters do not act in any plausible way whatsoever. i will put my comments in the chat board, but save your time and money, this is stupid. i can't stand when hollywood spends millions of dollars on flash bang equipment and uses fancy editing and cool music, and does not bother to have a plot that hangs together at even the most basic level. but it is nice to see denzel w. prevail over the man, who comes in 3 flavors, jodi foster, mayor bloomberg and capt. von trapp. there is even a sweet little kid with a video game who is nice.

i began watching this movie with low expectations, as a matter of fact i only noticed it because it was an adaptation of a s.k. novel ( a novel i never read).i'm glad my expectations were low because the movie wasn't nothing close to good, but it manages to keep you interested. what really drags this story down is the work done by the director and the actors. the movie is overlong, hasn't no "nice" shots and no scares, the dialogs are dumb and the special effects are crap.the only things good are that, as i said, it keeps you interested ( i guess the book must be good) without using much horror cliches.my vote 4/10.

i am not one of those who think king is a great writer, his books are fine distractions for a few hours, and often have interesting premises, however they, in my opinion, fall apart pretty rapidly if you give them any serious thought.this film suffers from being a pretty exact re-telling of king's story. if you have read the book, there are zero surprises, no changes, no altering of scenes or characters. this is a film made by king fans for king fans.for the rest of us, there is nothing terrible about the film, it is a 'gypsy curse' horror, with its twist being the curse being something many people wish for, to become thinner. the final third has some severe structural problems, and the slightly forced ending seems to break the rules of this genre a little.there are worse ways to spend 90 minutes of your life, but you might as well read the book, because there is nothing new here...

this move reminded my of tales from the crypt keeper. it has the same sort of idea of people get what they deserve. i think that's always the them in a crypt story. the same goes for the bad acting. very bad acting. i enjoyed the movie knowing that most people didn't like it and i wasn't expecting much. whenever i watch a stephen king movie i don't expect much because all his movies are awful compared to the genius of his novels. i have read the shining and carrie and they were great books. i love how carrie played out like it was a true story and the whole book is a bunch of reports and theories and such. it was so good. but i noticed that both of the novels were nothing like the movies. the endings were very different then the movie versions. i assume from those two novels that all of his novels are changed greatly and the endings are always cheesy. i ending of thinner is the worst. so cheesy. i want to read the book to find out the real ending. i suggest everyone who intends to read stephen king's novels to watch his movies before hand so that you may compare. and that way you will be greatly satisfied in the book. i intend on doing so with all his novels that were made into movies. i'm sure if they were made into movies they were real good books... and the screenplay went terribly wrong.

the plot of the thinner is decidedly thin. and gross. an obese lawyer drives over the gypsy woman, and the gypsy curse causes him to lose and lose weight... to the bone. ok, gypsy curses should be entertaining, but the weight-losing gone bad? nope. except stephen king thinks so. and michael mcdowell, other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film, does so, too. the lawyer is not only criminally irresponsible, he is fat too, haha! the thinner is like an immature piece of crap for a person who moans how he/she has never seen anything so disgusting than fatness. hey, i can only say: well, look at the mirror.

i was really looking forward to seeing this film, but after watching it i was really disappointed. the best bit was when stephen king was in it. rober john berk cannot act to save his life and neither can any of the others. a few of the performances even made me laugh out loud! the film was was not as i imagined it, after reading the book which was awesome, i imagined it darker and a lot scarier. if i was stephen, i would be really mad!i don't know why they changed the ending, i thought the ending of the book was very good. if you just found out the pie killed your daughter, you wouldn't feed it to anyone else would you?!book was so much better!

just another example of why stepehn king's books should not be made into movies. (even carrie, one of the best, is ruined in the adaptation from book to screen.) the premise of the story revolves around a fat lawyer, always on a diet, who "accidentally" kills an old gypsy woman. in court, with the help of the judge and the local police chief, he gets off, even though the accident was sort of his fault as he was not paying attention as he was driving. the father of the dead gypsy woman places a curse on the 3, with our main character, billy (the lawyer) getting thinner and thinner by the day. though the movie kept with the book, for the most part, and has your typical king ending, the acting was stilted and felt forced. we went from one scene to the next without much of anything in between, sort of like reading acts in a play. king himself made a cameo in the movie (sort of like dave barry), which reinforces my belief that authors should stay just that: authors. leave the acting to actors. not that anyone in this movie was that great. i've seen the major characters in movies where they were much better.

no, i haven't read the stephen king novel "thinner," but i choked down the film version. horror movies are an acquired taste. regular movies give an audience a hero to applaud as he strives to achieve a goal. in horror movies, audiences are invited to savor the demise of characters. in director tom holland's low-fat but tasteless revenge chiller "thinner," nobody wins and everybody deserves the bite that is put on them. gluttonous new england attorney billy halleck (robert john burke of "robocop 3") has a weight problem. although he rocks the bathroom scales at 300 pounds, he appears happily married to a trim, delectable wife, heidi (lucinda jenney of "g.i. jane") with a yeasty teenage daughter.fat doesn't mean stupid here. halleck displays his sagacity in court when he wins an acquittal verdict for sleazy mafia chieftain richie ginelli (joe mantegna of "house of games"). driving home from a victory feast, billy hits an old gypsy woman crossing the street and kills her. a cover-up occurs, and halleck's friends get him out of the soup. the disgruntled gypsy father taduz lemke (michael constantine of "skidoo") retaliates with a curse on the corpulent lawyer and the two town officials that exonerated him. suddenly, halleck finds himself shedding pounds no matter how much chow he chomps. when he begs the vengeful gypsy to lift the curse, the old man refuses. desperately, halleck resorts to richie. while halleck struggles with the gypsies to remove the hex, he learns that his loyal wife has turned his attentions to the town's hotshot doctor."thinner" qualifies as not only laughably inept horror flick, but the filmmakers also rely on stereotypes of men and women. tom holland, who directed "child's play" (1988), and scenarist michael mcdowell, have served up such a slipshod script that you cannot relish watching billy get his just dessert and shrivel up. "thinner" boasts few shocks and fewer surprises. the filmmakers may have regurgitated king's novel, but they have filleted whatever sense of horror and humor it contained. holland and mcdowell introduce characters, such as the mafioso, then inexplicably let them off the hook. one minor character shows up long enough to die and have a chicken's head stuffed in his mouth.the stereotypical behavior of the characters may offend audiences, too. "thinner" depicts women as oversexed vixens and men as swine. when halleck sneaks home from a clinic, he finds his doctor's sports car parked at his house. his suspicions ripen into jealousy and he cooks up a scheme to get the curse transferred to this wife. even the premature ending lacks any satirical flavor. oscar-winning special effects wizard greg cannom of "van helsing" and make-up artist bob laden do a fabulous job beefing up actor robert john burke to look obese. they succeed, too, in making him shrivel.only die-hard stephen king fans will be able to stomach this misogynistic gooledyspook.

you'll notice that the chemist, who appears in two scenes and gets to speak, is played by stephen king. "don't give up your day job" is the standard thing to say, but that's not fair. king acquits himself reasonably well: he's no worse than any other member of the cast, and better than most. the story, on the other hand, is pure rubbish. please, give up your day job.never have i seen so many dreadful performances - of which the lead actor's (the lead actor's!) is probably the worst - gathered together in the one film. everyone acts hammily, but not in any entertaining way; they all somehow manage to go over-the-top without expending, or manifesting, energy. i blame screenwriter/director tom holland. it can't be that all the actors are really this bad. what are the odds against that? admittedly, i've never heard of any of them before, but still, i don't think i could walk into a talent agency and walk out with this many bad performers if i tried: one actor, despite my best efforts, would turn out to have talent. so what's more likely - that tom holland rolled a dozen consecutive snake-eyes, or that he wrote a lousy script and then directed it poorly? that would also explain why actors are bad in direct proportion to their prominence in the script. the more direction an actor got, the worse he performed. ("you want me to bend over like a hunchback, talk from the back of my throat, show all my teeth, and look bored, all at the same time? okay...")this theory is confirmed by the fact that holland undeniably managed to co-write a lousy script. several writers here have commented on the fact that billy halleck is not a likeable character, but that's a misleading way of putting it. he's not a knowable character. all we find out about him before the supernatural stuff starts happening is that he's fat, and that all he can think about is food. ("all i can think about is food," he tells us, helpfully.) and in the end...(sigh) i suppose i ought insert a spoiler warning here...in the end he becomes evil. why? i can only shrug. perhaps he's under some kind of enchantment. yeah, that's probably it. by "evil" perhaps i mean "inexplicable" - it's not so much badness as a socially undesirable suspension of ordinary means-end psychology. anyway, his actions at the end make no sense, nobody's actions make much sense, and this is despite the fact that the characters do little but explain their motivation for the benefit of the audience.by the way, here's my nominee for hammiest line/delivery: "i don't think you'd like it. in fact..." [big dramatic pause] "...i don't think you'd like it at all."

one of those, "why was this made?" movies. the romance is very hard to swallow. it is one of those romances, that, suddenly, "click" - they are in love. the movie is filled with long pauses and uncomfortable moments - the drive-in restaurant being the most notable. charles grodin does a credible job but for most of the movie it's just him and louise lasser. ask yourself, do you want to watch grodin with his neurosis and lasser with her neurosis together for a hour and half?

this stuffy melodrama is quite easily the worst film starring ingrid bergman that i've seen. even her luminous screen presence can't save this insufferably slow and meandering movie that's nearly impossible to sit through without fast-forwarding a lot of it.only for die-hard bergman fans; others are very likely to fall asleep. i suggest you to watch "for whom the bell tolls" instead.

a novel by remarque. a cast that looks great on paper. a left-wing refugee struggling to remain in paris between the wars. a gestapo officer undercover.it's a pity there's no synergy here. the bits and pieces never coalesce.stories about left-wing refugees in france don't have to be this dull. read arthur koestler's memoir "scum of the earth" (if you can find it). or his chilling "dialogue with death" (ditto).to me, the only interest in this film lies in some of the incidental details.the leads spend a lot of time drinking calvados, the norman apple brandy. i welcome any prompting to have a nip of calvados myself. it certainly made this film appear to pass more quickly. but, according to the film, it's only sold in cheap, low-class saloons. vive le tabac parisien! that's what i say. references to intoxicating liquors do abound here; that would seem to be a preoccupation of the scenarists.i enjoy films set in france because it can be amusing waiting for the inevitable full-size alcohol ad to pop up on a wall in the background. i wasn't disappointed. this time it was for byrrh, a very unusual choice. this film would rate a 10 if only we were judging it on the refinement of its booze murals.the film's indifferent score is by louis gruenberg. gruenberg is best known -- if you can call it that -- for his opera "the emperor jones", based on the o'neill play. it premièred at roughly the same time as the film version starring paul robeson. the opera survives today in a recording or two by lawrence tibbett. it should surface again soon though; they're running out of potentially marketable operas to revive.opera seems an appropriate subject to mention here since charles boyer's character operates under his "czech" aliases. two of them are "wozzeck" and "gunther", both prominent roles in german opera. is that just coincidence?name-dropping just seems to be part of this film. notice that they call up "himmelstoss" on the phone. himmelstoss happens to be one of the main characters in remarque's earlier "all quiet on the western front".well, the in-jokes are all in place; guess there wasn't time to develop any drama.

this 2003 made for tv movie was shown on a women's channel, naturally. as a man, why do i even attempt to watch this? i don't know, but i should have my head examined. and director and writer simon gornick should be ashamed of himself to give men an injustice as he does. he takes away any strength and conviction a man could have by having several boring women do him in. number one bore is joyce hyser as the wife. i couldn't wait for him to drop her. her revenge was silly and stupid and very confusing through most of the movie. the other femme fatale was nichole hiltz, about the coldest person you'd ever want to meet. her looks didn't warrant our leading man to go that ape over her and her acting was so obvious, only a fool could miss. definitely a loser. tembi locke was pretty good, but slow on the uptake as to the slut seducing her own husband, again played as a guy who is a loser, by david deluise. rounding out our cast of losers is anthony denison as a boss who has little to do but scowl at our hero. stephen jenkins as our hero, or should i say victim, was not that good. at first i thought he just a bad actor, but later i believed it. he never got the part off the ground and was repetitive throughout. although, as a man, i became enraged when the two women got away with it. men, beware of this channel that puts men down and women get away even with murder. lmn is the channel. beware. note: having watched this a second time by mistake, i am convinced on my initial thoughts. especially on the writer/director, simon gornick. i still believe he has disgraced the male species and should be horse whipped. only saving grace in this film is tembi locke who doesn't have a chance to show her talents with the awful acting of jenkins, hyser, hiltz and deluise around her. plus the stupid plot that only makes it worse. down with gornick's movie and his vacant stars in it. please lmn don't show this trite again.

blows my mind how this movie got made. i watched it while i worked at home writing emails and answering the phone -- i only watched it because i hoped the "revenge" part would be good. needless to say, the revenge and the forced plot twists were not worth the emails during which they were watched. in fact, i'm not even sure what happened at the end any more. the acting was as bad as re-enactment scenarios on the "fbi files" show -- by far, the worst re-enactments (really only "arrest and trial" can possibly be as bad at re-enactments). i didn't even know that the leading man was in third eye blind until i looked the movie up here on imdb, but its obvious why he hasn't made any movies since. i hope he is a good singer.

you've heard it said to live every moment as if it's your last? whether it's your last day or not, i beg you not to waste any part of it watching this! nichole hiltz provides some nice moments of eye candy (that alas, stays wrapped) and david deluise shows why he should stick to the small screen or dog food commercials. a shallow, unrealistic plot with dreadful dialogue means there is no "art" in the "art of revenge".

there is only one reason to watch this movie if you are not related to one of the stars or a producer: actress nichole hiltz. she is the show in this slow moving and wildly unlikely story of revenge. directed by simon gornick, the film stars joyce hyser as a betrayed wife who decides to seek revenge on her cheatin' spouse. oh, but not by conventional means. she plans a total guerrilla war and recruits bad girl nichole hiltz as her weapon of choice. she wants nichole (as tuesday) to get close to her ex (the handsome but dull stephan jenkins, who should stick to music) to embarrass him and ruin his life. david deluise is good in his few brief moments, and former "crime story" star anthony dennison is given virtually nothing to do but scowl. hiltz on the other hand comes off at various times as sexy and playful, then evil and devious. she also handles vulnerable and "maybe a bit psychotic" well. she's also quite hot (though there's no naughty bits show) so you can understand how she might be able to get to any guy she is aimed at. but the performance is kind of wasted in this movie, which is just not edgy or interesting enough to recommend.

haha! you have to just smile and smile if you actually made it all the way through this movie. it like says something about myself i guess. the movie itself was created i think as some sort of psychological test, or like some sort of drug, to take you to a place you have never been before. when wittgenstein wrote his famous first philosophical piece the tractacus (sp?) he said it was meaningless and useless, but if you read it, after you were done, it would take you to a new level, like a ladder, and then you could throw away the work and see things with clarity and true understanding. this movie is the same i think.as a movie it is without a doubt, the worst movie i have seen in a long long time in such a unique way. first of all, this is snipes. i loved watching this guy kick ass in various movies. and i have suffered through a few weak ones. however, although you know the movie might suck, you would never suspect that it could be as bad as it actually was. which is the fun of it. i mean this is snipes. you know it might be good, but it will be alright, right? smile.so this thing on every level is pure boredom, pure unoriginality. the reference to the professional is both dead on and obvious, yet so poorly done as to be comical. there is not one character in this movie that is interesting, in the least. and to make the whole thing more surreal, they have a soundtrack that sort of sounds like parts to various bourne identity type movies, only isn't quite right. in fact, although it seems close to action movie background music, it just so happens it is done in a manner that will grate on you fantastically.then all the scenes in the total pitch black, where honestly since the characters are so flat, you don't really care whats going to happen, but regardless, after it happens and someone is killed, you just say to yourself, was i supposed to see that? what else? how about scenes with blinding, obnoxious flashing at a strobe lights pace, for a period of time that is too long to bear. sure let's throw that in. how bout this though. when you are straining and your eyes cant handle it any longer, do some more of these in the dark kills where you really don't see what happened. and on top of that, lets face it you don't care. you were past bored way from the beginning.so i drifted in and out a couple times, but i caught almost all of this movie. and it becomes something you can watch, without something that engages your mind on any level, therefore, it becomes something you can effectively zone out with, and begin to think about your life, where its going, where its been, what we are as people.and that... that is the true magic of this film.

after watching this i thought to myself, there are either too few good writers & directors or lots of producers.at any rate, this is a terrible movie. terrible in a way that it's not fun, but rather makes you grit your teeth and quiver. makes you shout "this is wrong" at the movie. immersion is zero. by now most of you are probably used to the terrible errors/weirdness-es in movies that has computers hackers etc. in them. this movie is like that in every aspect. the only good thing about the movie is the little girl emily, brilliantly played by eliza bennett. i hope she becomes big, and make this ..thing at least worth something.do yourself a favor. don't watch this. there is not even proper action in it. total waste of time.

a lot of themes or parts of the story is the same as in leon, then other parts felt like some other movie, i don't know which, but there are an familiar feeling over the whole movie. it was kind of nice to watch, but it would have been fantastic! if the story would have been more original. the theme little girl, bad assassin from leon, is just tweaked a little. the opening scenes are really good :-) it is strange that people like to fight in the kitchen, in the movies :-) my biggest problem was to remember which parts was from leon, nikita and if they where from the french or american version. if you have not seen leon, then this is a good movie. if you liked this movie, then i can recommend leon.best regards /rick

it is incredible!! ..yes, someone before me wrote that it was a time wasting to seat and watch this film.. it is! don't do so! i'm totally rankled! i liked wesley snipes, and i founded funny that he played his name's meaning in a movie. anyway, i wanted to see this film (at home only of course) but now (just after) i am absolutely disappointed! it was his worst movie ever. inwatchable!! bad actor-play! bad cameraman! bad scenario! ..only one good think: that wonderful girl! must be a manikin surely! eeeeh!! mb ..10 lines minimum?! i don't want to waste you're time anymore to read my opinion! i hope, i was clear and under-stable, because english is not my native method of speaking. so have grate time, and see good films, like i try too.. peace!

in the words of charles dance's character in this film, "bollocks!" no plot, no character development, and utterly unbelievable.full of stuff that just doesn't happen in the real world (since when were british police inspectors armed with handguns in shoulder holsters?). full of mistakes (bulgarian trains in london?). full of dull and artificial dialogue. and the directing/editing is awful - wobbly hand-held camera shots that add nothing to the film except a vague feeling of seasickness; confusing jump-cuts; no structure.wesley snipes' character is totally unsympathetic - why should we care what happens to him? direct to video? direct to the dustbin!

i read in the papers that w.snipes was broke so no wonder he would take parts in low budget projects like the contractor.he is just the next action star to join a growing club:the penniless action stars of the 90s (van damme,segal,lundgren,snipes). here he stars the lead in a cheap action flick which was shot in bulgaria( we are supposed to believe that the location is london, like only a complete moron would buy that)the story is the one of 1000 other movies: retired special forces good guy gets hired by the government again to do a wet job- after that government wants to get rid of him- good guy gets away after killing bad guys (was that a spoiler? guess not!) the star of the movie: the little girl (eliza bennett) outperforms everybody else of the cast!!!one star is for her plus one star for eye candy lena headey, makes 2 stars. only for die hard snipes fans!everybody else:avoid!

this film was horrible. the script is completely unrealistic yet it is written to take place in the real-world, the editing and lighting effects are worse than most first projects in film school.i do not recommend this film to anyone who: a) knows any detail about the world of police or covert operations. b) knows any detail about film making or appreciation.i do recommend this film to the average or below-average mind, i think it would be enjoyable if i was a dumber. if you must watch this film on a full mind, i highly recommend some kind of inebriationit is a total waste of what little production value it has.

the problem with the contracter is summed up by the opening scene . the cia want an international terrorist dead so contact black ops assassin james dial . the terrorist is appearing at the old bailey court in london which begs the question why do they want to bump off a terrorist if he's going to spend the rest of his life in jail ? he's going to be out of circulation either way . didn't the cia have a chance before he was arrested ? if by some chance he gets a not guilty verdict then kill him . there's no logical reason to kill someone who is going to spend life in a maximum security prison since the premise sets up the story an audience might be choose to ignore the plot hole but the assination itself pours fuel upon the fire . dial's colleague is killed by a police bullet and the taxi they're driving in crashes but dial manages to escape . so the police were close enough to shoot someone but too far away to apprehend someone from a car crash ? the film of this type of plot connivance . later dial finds a police inspector pointing a gun at him saying " this airport is surrounded by armed coppers " yet dial manages to escape very easily without explanation . the whole film cheats its audience by relying on things that are never explained . this includes an important supporting character called emily day . why does she help dial even though he's a wanted fugitive ? your guess is as good as mine this is a fairly poor thriller and don't be taken in by the " big name " cast . wesley snipes used to qualify as a film star but killed his career by starring in more and more inconsequental films . charles dance also appeared in big budget hollywood productions such as last action hero and alien 3 but again he's someone best known for appearing in straight to dvd fare these days , and he's basically playing a cameo role anyway . the likes of lena headey may go on to become big players in cinema but they'l certainly fail to put the contracter on their resume

don't really know where to start with one of the worst films i have had the displeasure to watch in a very long time. from the setting which was quite obviously and very clear to anyone who has visited london for even 1 day will agree...was not london. to the much unexplained way how snipe's character managed to escape the country back to the us without a single problem. then he convinces the girl and grandmother to visit him in america, how on earth did grandma agree to that...he's an assassin! well that's the ending how about during the film, well unfortunately that didn't fare much better. we have british cops driving an amazing range of cars, i'm sure it was an eighties vauxhall belmont which chased the taxi after the assignation, but a modern subaru imprezza escorting the prison van in a few scenes prior. so19 or whoever the gun toting arm of the met they were trying to portray was happily running around the streets with their guns out chasing after snipe's along with the cia. there were children walking around, but the police were still stating they had a clear shot to shoot him, does this happen in london? no it doesn't, i live there. we also have the very implausible travel from central london to the airport (let's say heathrow for arguments sake) within 5 minutes of receiving a call. we also have terrible american accents, a young girl who's posher than the queen, but lives in elephant & castle. what does it say for british police when helicopters and a number of officers at snipe's location can't find snipe's and he manages to evade capture by hiding behind some stairs? the train station was obviously not even on uk soil and the fight scene sound effects were terrible. the plot was also extremely poor, boring and been written and filmed a lot better a thousand times before. but there were a few notable actors cast in this film, what were they thinking and please don't let that sway you to watch this film! this film didn't seem to know what it wanted to be, if you are going to concentrate on the dramatic aspects from the aftermath of an assignation then you need a strong rigid plot with plausible scenery and setting, this is something the viewer has time to take in and appreciate and if you do it wrong then you notice it. if you want an all out action film (which this is not) then continuity and scenery can be put to the side.

i once used wesley snipes' name as a clue to go ahead and watch a new, untried film in which he appears. so now, for the first time, my snipes-method of film recommendation has failed. utterly. i should first have come here to see these reviews.snipes ought to be ashamed to allow his otherwise earnest efforts to be so wasted in "the contractor".one of my worst flick fears has come to bitter fruition. i feared that the shaky, blurry, pseudo-documentary, "unconsidered" directing and editing style (first brought to my attention by the paul greengrass-directed "bloody sunday") might propagate to other films. greengass' sickening style was then brought to nauseatingly new heights in the last two of the bourne trilogy films. my fear had come to pass. in my opinion, these films are made really bad by these motion-sickness-inducing methods, which mistake blurry swipes for "action-enhancement". but the "bourne franchise," as greengrass so loving calls his cash cow, apparently convinced others in hollywood to go unprofessional in the quest for fast, big bucks.read my lips, you hollywood types. action needs to be clearly photographed and presented, not merely hinted at by poor, lazy cinematographic techniques.and "the contractor" goes so far as to emulate "the bourne ultimatum" in inanely-repeated sound bites, in hopes their juvenile (apparently-evaluated) audiences can't sense them. for example, if i hear a cop radio crackling "yankee-romeo" one more time, i'll just scream. the chances are good i won't hear it again: i certainly won't ever view "the contractor" again.i recommend to those of you who have yet to see "the contractor": just be content with the tranquility this lack affords to your life.2 out of 10; i am tempted to lower that to a 1.

star rating: ***** saturday night **** friday night *** friday morning ** sunday night * monday morning james dial (wesley snipes) is hiding out on his ranch in montana after failing to capture a notorious terrorist. then he's approached by the agency again to travel to london to have another go. his target has been apprehended there and is under heavy police protection- but they don't want him merely to capture their man- they want him taken out. all goes well but then the mission gets botched and when a senior police chief, windsor (charles dance) is killed, the blame falls at dial's feet. hunted like an animal, he takes refuge in a nearby house and befriends a young girl named emily (eliza bennett) who's dealing with issues of her own and becomes his unwitting sidekick as he goes about clearing his name and working out who betrayed him.this latest snipes straight to dvd escapade came out of nowhere, with a minimal of publicity even for something so small time (i don't recall seeing any advertisements or trailers for it anywhere.) with this in mind and after snipes's history of duff dvd efforts, this might have seemed like one which snoop dawg would tell you to drop like it's hot. but i felt compelled to give it a go anyway. it doesn't rank among his worst, but it doesn't reach any higher than the standards of some of his better ones (the detonator, 7 seconds, says it all, really), either.this is, at best, mildly suspenseful, with a minimal of action, naff all in the way of cool dialogue and snipes not exactly at his best in the lead role. likewise, in a main supporting role, it's quite clear dance has only showed up for the pay cheque as well and this is generally one that none of the cast are going to shout for the hills about on any of their cvs.it says a lot that by the end the only 'contract' that's keeping you interested is when snipes's will end with sony and with it an end to any further sub par el dvd action films. **

wesley snipes is james dial, an assassin for hire, agent of the cia and pure bad-ass special operative. during his free time dial dons a cowboy hat and breeds horses with macho names such as beauty.enter agent collins, his supervising officer. enter a new assignment - kill a terrorist that is in uk custody. of course the united kingdom being an allied state is a great place for covert ops and head-shots outside of courtrooms.the assassination is a big success apart from the fact, that the escape plan blew. so dial's partner and local liaison gets killed in action trying to escape the police, whilst dial becomes hot property with the london coppers trying to get to him and cia trying to dispose of him.fortunately for dial the safe-house is routinely visited by a teenager emily day (eliza bennett), who loves hanging out with cold-blooded killers with arrest warrants and help them escape from the evil uk law enforcement...with a script like that need i say more? on the plus side wesley snipes is wesley snipes (be that a pro or a con) and the movie is quite engaging. on the minus editing is very disjointing and has a hurl effect on the stomach.

i wouldn't call it awful, but nothing at all shines in this movie, and it is encumbered with some seriously unbelievable basic plot development. it starts out well, but once the main hit is done, it devolves into a long subplot around a young girl which is not compelling, and some action scenes which are theatre of the absurd unrealistic. for example there is a prolonged shootout at the airport in which the lighting is all stroboscopic. no explanation for that. how credible is it that a airport storage area is going to have lights that flash on and off confusingly, and just enough to let snipes do his incredible escape schtick? this is one of far too few action scenes punctuated by pointlessly drawn out set ups that just fails to draw one into suspending belief.in addition, the whole premise seems to be that the united states cia team can shoot the place up but get away with it by saying "national security" to the brits. this gimmick relies on a stereotype that is to far afield from reality to be satisfying.there are a lot better action movies out there. better formulated, better executed. this one is entertaining at times but there is just not enough meat on the bone and after a while it becomes downright boring -- something that should never happen in a good action movie.

have previously enjoyed wesley snipes in several action flicks and i had expected a lot more, even from a score of 5.8 imdb, the movie fails to entertain and even though the story is thin and unoriginal, the acting is most unfortunately thinner and goes to mimic a "worst case scenario" of playing "strong" feelings accompanied by some bad acting... don't waist your time this movie ísnt entertaining, if you wanna cry it might suffice though, even though your tears will be wept due to seeing wesley snipes in the tragic action film wannabe comedy...i give this 2/10 it really was awful, if you wanna see a decent movie go see shooter or rent it, its all the good things this movie isn't.

virgin is selected to marry rich guy. rich guy urinates. woman on boat likes sailor. sailor urinates. virgin attends gross-out commune dinner. man urinates on dinner table. boatwoman does strip tease for little boys. man pretending to be baby urinates. there is an underlying theme here. makavejev is trying to say that he is pi$$ed off at the world. to say that this is a bizarre movie is an understatement. to justify the title, there is a scene where laure, who hardly speaks ten lines the whole movie, bathes in chocolate syrup. it is a sweet scene indeed but the rest of the movie leaves a bad taste in one's mouth unless one happens to share the director's fetishes.

investigative reporter darren mcgavin (as carl kolchak) is back; this time, he's after "the night strangler". once again, police officials and fellow journalists either disbelieve, or want to cover-up, the supernatural angle. producer-director dan curtis presents the same basic story as his preceding "night", with understandably less success.mr. curtis assembles a fun supporting cast, included are "dark shadows" alumni george dicenzo and ivor francis. jo ann pflug (as louise harper) heads up a sexy collection of belly-dancers. and, although i've never seen it mentioned anywhere, that must be roger davis as mr. mcgavin's dining companion in an early scene, feigning disbelief in the existence of vampires! **** the night strangler (1/16/73) dan curtis ~ darren mcgavin, jo ann pflug, simon oakland, wally cox

as far as i am concerned this silent version of the merry widow is the worst version ever made. there is no tenderness or love or spirituality about this version, it is all macabre, germanic, sinister nonsense. it reminded me of nazis falling in love; who cares?this silent version by von stroheim is not a faithful adaptation of the original story. in this one we have leering john gilbert and his gross relative the prince lusting after this silly american actress, played by mae murray, possessed with a modern permed hairstyle and implausible feminist manner that threw me off again and again. i like my romances light and beautiful, with slow build ups; not harsh and sadistic like this one. and come on, those bee stung lips, get rid of them, girl!go see a live performance of the show if you would like to get a real idea of the sweetness of the original operetta by franz lehar. failing that, wait till tcm shows the jeanette macdonald - maurice chevalier sound version. it's much better.

the imdb guidelines state that you have to declare if your comments contain 'spoilers'. well, this whole film is something of a spoiler... a cautionary tale that glorifies what it cautions against, a tale of lost youth that doesn't know where it itself is going.i just saw this at the tribeca film festival. this film wasn't just bad, it was really bad.the acting is inconsistent, the characters are the mostly cliché offerings with little depth, and farnsworth's acting was very bad in particular.from the patronizing accents to the pointless plot line to the out of place 'graphic' elements to the repetitious dialog and scenarios... it sucked the big one. i think he was looking for sort of a more edgy, updated 'drugstore cowboy' with a touch of 'natural born killers' but it is no where as sensitive to the characters as the former and no where as shocking (outside of some frat-level gore) as the ladder. more than anything, someone needed to really a) edit the screenplay (there are some things in there to build on and clearly deals with a worthy subject... if ham-handed in it's attempt.) b) edit the film. if it was cut down to a core, it might be passable. i would go lower than 1 if i could... like maybe zero kelvin.

i'm shocked that there were people who liked this movie..i saw it at tribeca and most of the audience laughed through it at scenes that were not meant to be funny. i felt bad because the lead actress was in the audience, but honestly the plot to this movie needed major revision..it didn't even make sense, one second the characters question what exactly it is that they're snorting..the next scene they're hopelessly addicted and figure out how to make it?? also the ending just took the cake..i'm not going to spoil the magnificent conclusion..but it pretty much blended right in with the rest of the horrible plot/script...see this movie for comedy if you must..

tasteless. i can't even write intelligently about the movie. i laughed the entire movie. it wasn't supposed to be funny. matt farnsworth has no clue what he is doing. his story is written, it seems, without any knowledge of iowa culture and the meth problem. i know farnsworth is from iowa, which makes his movie even more puzzling to me. why do the two main characters have accents? it doesn't make any sense. the acting was mediocre at best and at times hard to watch. gratituous violence and sex filled the movie. i am guessing that the violence and sex were supposed to make the movie edgy, but it came across as unbelievable and offensive. the ending of the movie is so brilliantly bad that all i could do was laugh and look at the rolling credits with disbelief. as i walked out of the theatre everyone else who was leaving was laughing along with me. the ending of the movie was meant to evoke tears, but it did the exact opposite. do not waste your time on this horrible movie, unless you want to see ignorant, sappy, overacted, clichéd drivel.

this movie made me really mad because the main characters or all the characters have a southern accent. i've lived in iowa for 29 years and i know that people don't have a southern accent here. this movie is about a guy who does meth and i don't know the real plot or what the movie is suppose to be about. it has some pretty graphic drug use in it and it's really insulting so see these people use meth like it was sugar. i lost my brother to meth and this movie makes me sick to my stomach because it glamorizes the drug. the movie makes it look cool to use the drug but i was happy at the end when the guy almost made it across the state line. i also know that most women who experience a traumatic rape don't want to make love to their boyfriend or husband the next day. the movie is just wrong in all directions. i would suggest "the basketball diaries" if i was going to suggest a movie about drugs.

the week before i saw iowa, i saw art school confidential, in which a pretentious student makes a film and can't decide whether he wants it to be art or violent exploitation. iowa could be the film that he made. i can see elements of much better movies in iowa - spun and natural born killers. however, in addition to artiness, both those movies had good character development and coherent story lines. iowa. this movie stumbles to a preposterous end. i have to admit that it had consistency. this movie is bad from beginning to end and not particularly worse or better in any part. the actors all did what they could. roseanna arquette deserves better. she demonstrates that she is very talented, very funny, and very sexy. but why does she have to demonstrate it in this turd ball.

well, i don't think the picture is as bad as most of the reviews make it out to be. . . but there's no denying that it's got problems.mostly, the problems are in the script. there's a plot - but not much story, and certainly not one that anybody could call plausible; it trots out any number of self-consciously strange and/or stereotypical characters, lines, moments, what-have-you and, by the end, it just hasn't added up to much in this department.sorry, but i couldn't care less about whatever "social ill" farnsworth might be trying to address; there will always be a sector of the population willing to do just about anything to shred their brains, even if it requires running around corn fields trying to steal ammonia, or whatever it is those morons do. so, as a film, you won't find me calling "iowa" "important." but, at a stylistic level, the picture is more than interesting and some of farnsworth's choices in depicting a meth-head's wigged-out state are beautiful, hilarious, disturbing and - yes, i'm going to say it - inspired.the acting is uneven, but that just may be a casualty of the afore-praised stylistic reaching. look, rosanna arquette is a fine actress - but she's not very good here, so a discriminating audience member does have to ask, "what happened?" it's weird that diane foster manages a simplicity and grace that so few of the other actors can come anywhere near. for example, i might seriously consider whatever explanation farnsworth could provide for michael t. weiss's over-the-top turn as a probation officer, but i doubt i'd ever buy it; it just doesn't work. then again, it's the most alive and in the moment that i've seen john savage appear in years. so go figure.this is the sort of work that tantalizes, but does not promise - and that's okay; neither farnsworth nor anyone else is required to make movies. so, whether or not farnsworth has another film in him remains to be seen, but if he does, it seems pretty likely that it won't be bland pap. in an age when people are planning their lives around the latest installment of "american idol," perhaps we could allow, not scorn, farnsworth's legitimate and undeniably flawed film. what is more, perhaps we could welcome, not berate, his energetic and sometimes blessedly idiosyncratic imagination.

"iowa" wants to be "requiem for a dream" for midwest meth, but it comes across as a hard r rated "reefer madness". yes, drugs are bad, and meth is horribly pernicious, as an addiction and how it destroys people, families and communities. but these characters who are either dumb or ridiculous and the eye-rolling plot won't teach that lesson to anyone. while writer/director/star matt farnsworth has some charisma on screen, his partner diane foster plays a wincibly silly wide-eyed innocent corrupted by drugsas was already satirized by susan sarandon in "the rocky horror picture show". i really felt sorry for her for all the totally unnecessary nudity she was put through. it wasn't until the end of the film that i realized i was supposed to think these two were recent high-school graduates to explain some of their naiveté, as we are bombarded by their school photos, but if so, they even looked older than the folks on "the o.c.". while they have good chemistry on screen, they are a pale imitation of a "badlands"-type couple. the guest stars are badly used. michael t. weiss, who was so good in tv's "the pretender", is completely ludicrous as a corrupt parole officer and his brutal violence is just plain crazy, as his character pretty much ruins any social significance for the film. rosanna arquette has to be even sleazier than she rolled around for david cronenberg as a very low rent livia soprano. john savage even has to mouth the old baby boomer excuses about i did pot but this is worse. a goth chick shows up, with the odd explanation that she's a stripper from des moines. the obligatory latino drug dealer appears - in iowa? with a limited budget, the interior view of meth use is portrayed quite vividly, with quite scary hallucinations. we certainly see them go crazy. while the iowa locations are used very well (including an amusing scene of a propane gas robbery), the accents and church references are confusingly southern baptist. guns seem to be used by law abiding and law breaking citizens here more than in any inner-city drug-dealing movie.the songs of iowa's best known bard greg brown are used throughout, but oddly are not listed in the credits. i hope they were used with permission.i caught this at its commercial run in nyc because i missed it at the tribeca film festival where it got considerable-- and inexplicable-- buzz.

the often-reliable leonard maltin says this is a "delightful romance" and that sanders is "superb." maltin must have confused this movie with something else. sanders is snide and droll and superb, as usual,  you can imagine his delivery of the line regarding adultery, "sometimes the chains of matrimony are so heavy they have to be carried by three," but dull, wooden and dated describe this movie more accurately. the storyline itself, an autobiography with sanders as a suave jewel thief, francois eugene vidocq, who becomes chief of police but can hardly resist the lure of fine jewels, is entertaining enough, but it has the same kind of hollow historical hollywood treatment that marred such period epics as *marie antoinette*, and certainly the deplorable *forever amber* (which screams for a classy remake). though, in his defense, sanders tries mightily to add some depth to his character, it is all for naught. i am an unabashed douglas sirk fan, but this is 1946, and it is one of sirk's earliest american efforts, lacking many of the signature touches that would define his florid, breast-heaving potboilers. sirk is just getting his feet wet here, and made a number of unmemorable films over the next ten years until he struck gold with *magnificent obsession*, and hit his stride, bombarding us with such estrogen-fests as *all that heaven allows*, *written on the wind*, and *imitation of life*. but *scandal in paris* is hardly his best work  a relatively low-budget affair with cheesy sets and ineffective costuming.

positively awful george sanders vehicle where he goes from being a thief to police czar.while sanders was an excellent character actor, he was certainly no leading man and this film proves it.it is absolutely beyond stupidity. gene lockhart did provide some comic relief until a moment of anger led him to fire his gun with tragedy resulting.sadly, george sanders and co-star carol landis committed suicide in real life. after making a film as deplorable as this, it is not shocking.the usual appealing signe hasso is really nothing here.

utter dreck. i got to the 16 minute/27 second point, and gave up. i'd have given it a negative number review if that were possible (although 'pissible' is a more fitting word...). unlike the sizzle you could see and practically feel between macmurray and stanwyck in the original, the chemistry between dumb ol' dicky crenna and whats-her-face here is just non-existent. the anklet becomes an unattractive chunky bracelet? there's no ciggy-lighting-by-fingertip? and i thought i'd be sick when they have a mortified-looking (and rightly so, believe you me) lee j. cobb as keyes practically burping/upchucking his way through the explanation of his "little man" to mr. garloupis. no offence to the non-sighted, but it looks as though a posse of blind men ran amuck with the set design of both the dietrichson and neff houses. the same goes for those horrid plaid pants that phyllis wears. and crikey, how much $$ does neff make, that he lives overlooking a huge marina? this, folks, again, all takes place in the first 16 and a half minutes. if you can get through more of it, you have a much stronger constitution than me, or you are a masochist. but please, take some alka-seltzer first, or you will develop a "little man" of your own that may never go away. proceed with caution, obviously.

when someone remakes a classic movie, the remake is always unfavorably compared to the original. also, there's a chance that the remake is so radically different that it is just too unfamiliar to audiences.well, the 1973 tv version of "double indemnity" has almost identical scenes and dialogue as the 1944 original. the main difference is that the remake just seems to have no energy at all. fred macmurray was great as the lecherous, leering insurance agent walter neff in the original; richard crenna just seems world-weary and tired. edward g. robinson brought great manic energy to his role as macmurray's boss barton keys; lee j. cobb, a fine actor, appears almost bored with the proceedings. samantha eggar is all wrong as the conniving, back-stabbing phyllis dietrichson; while barbara stanwyck was just superb in this wicked role, eggar is overly polite and mannered and just seems way out of place.robert webber, in the old richard gaines role as robinson's boss norton, and john fiedler taking the porter hall role as the crucial witness, bring some life to the movie. in particular, webber recreates the norton role well in a 1970s context.however, after the movie starts, the whole thing just sort of lies there, without any life or electricity. this is one film that never should have been remade.

this 1973 tv remake of the billy wilder classic is inferior to the original. surprise!first, the good things. lee j. cobb makes a terrific barton keyes. he's not as good as edward g. robinson, of course, but he's the only reason to watch this. this remake's only improvement over the original is that it cuts down the role of lola dietrichson, the step-daughter of the femme fatale, phyllis dietrichson.and that's it for the good things.the bad things are many. the director records everything in an indifferent manner: if you watched the film with the sound muted you'd hardly get the impression that anything especially interesting was happening. because of modern bad taste, the film must be in color instead of black and white. because of 1970s bad taste, all the sets are distractingly ugly. walter neff's expensive apartment, in particular, is hideous.the modern setting hurts in a lot of small ways. train trips were a bit more unusual in the 70s than in the 40s, so mr. dietrichson's decision to take a train seems more of a contrivance. men stopped wearing hats, which prevents walter from covering up his brown hair while posing as the white-haired mr. dietrichson. women in mourning stopped wearing veils, which robs samantha eggar of a prop barbara stanwyck made splendid use of in a key scene. (oddly, lola still has the line where she reveals that her stepmother was trying on a black hat and veil before she had need of them.)stephen bochco keeps much of the billy wilder-raymond chandler script the same. but he makes a lot of tiny, inexplicable changes to the dialogue which leave the script slightly flabby where once it was lean and muscular. outrageously, the famous motorcycle-cop banter is gone, but look closely and you'll see what looks like a post-production cut where those lines should have been. bochco may not be to blame.richard crenna is passable as walter neff. what might have made this version tolerable is a really splendid phyllis dietrichson. instead we get samantha eggar, who comes off like a standard-issue villainess from "barnaby jones." but who can blame eggar? with a director who barely seems interested in what's happening in front of the camera, how could barbara stanwyck herself have come off well?

william lustig's followup to "maniac" proves conclusively that, without tom savini's spectacular effects and spinell's convincing performance, "maniac" would never have become the cult hit that it did. "vigilante" is badly directed, with a simple-minded script that spells everything out for you and is predictable at every turn, and also mediocre performances by all the actors. judging from the sense of "deja vu" this film gave me, lustig had watched "death wish" several times too many before making this! (*1/2)

this movie was on the romance channel, and i thought it might be a goofy 80's movie that would be enjoyable on some level, so my brother and i watched it. boy did it suck. boy gets crush on girl--correction, his *dream*-girl (apparently there is a difference; and i'm surprised he realized she was his dream girl--he was smitten with her from over 30 feet away. i guess that just goes to show the power of dream-girls), boy ends up masquerading as a female to be near dream-girl (creative in the sense that it's a far-out plan, but un-creative in the sense that there are probably better solutions one might think up), awkward situations ensue, a match is made (all of which takes seems to take place around late afternoon--either the location was somehow responsible for this odd lighting, or the actors had to wait until they got off of their day-jobs to come to the set; i suspect the latter). very clumsily done, very pathetic. it's almost never even amusing *accidentally*, so there really is nothing to redeem it. unless you're interested in seeing chad lowe's early days, before he finally got his piece of the pie with his role as the hiv-positive gay guy on the series "life goes on", or gail o'grady who was on nypd blue and probably got to stare at dennis franz's buttocks). but those are unlikely motives--i'd say "systematic derangement of the senses" would be a more justified purpose. i'm surprised i watched it all. i guess it's the kind of thing where, halfway through, you find yourself *still* watching due to some morbid, self-flagellistic inner-issue, and think you might as well finish it so you can tell your friends and family that you actually sat through such a horrible movie, on the off-chance that it'll garner you some sympathy for the questionable state of your mental health. can *you* take the challenge?

i wasn't sure whether to laugh or cry. porretta was good looking but resembled like a mexican porn star not an english outlaw. costumes? what costumes? a t-shirt with strips of black leather on it. it was marion's clothes--or lack of them--that really got me. do the 'fans' of this stinker really believe women dressed like that in medieval england. the mongols and vikings were inaccurate and stupid, but the episode with an alien was worst of all. especially as his make up mainly consisted of oatmeal on his face--an old trick.the hedgehog monster was pretty funny, as was climbing up the side of a castle on a ladder of arrows--as if. the us accents grated as did the initial drawling voice over' raw-bin hood and liddle john'.the second robin and marion were really quite minging in looks and what was left of the show went totally down the pan...

this series is one of the worst shows i have ever seen. terrible acting, terrible effects, terrible writing, you get my drift. the stories are so far from the legend of robin hood it's amazing. looks like they just wanted to use the name robin hood to attract an audience. it might as well have been called new adventures of mr. bland acting.someone commented before me that if you had imagination, you'd love this show. that is a horrible approach to a tv-series. a visual media like this should spark your imagination, you shouldn't have to force your imagination into something to make it good. that would be like the simpsons episode where they try to brainwash homer with a religious propaganda movie, and he starts talking about who killed who or whatever. "if a movie is boring, i just make up my own story."in conclusion: absolute human waste.

does anything at all happen in this movie. there are only the bizarre short scenes where i didn't know what the hell was going on so that doesn't count. this movie is sooo boring it hurts, and this is coming from a person who likes it when movies are about making movies. confused?, well i was after watching this crap. what was donald sutherland on, because he missed it with this one completely. and what's with the "pedofile" scene at the beginning of the movie. can put anyone to sleep! 4/10

as was to be expected, a mazursky film made in the 70s would be counter-culture, sympathetic towards the hippies - and have a lot of hippies in it - and, naturally, it is childishly anti-authoritarian (e.g. the scene on the mexican border, when sutherland provokes a custom's officer by showing little respect and then accuses the latter of making him open his luggage only because he (sutherland) has long hair). the constant left-wing dribble could have gotten on my nerves had i not been prepared for it beforehand; sutherland muses aloud to his family and friends about potential movie ideas for his next film, and most of these ideas are either about blacks or indians (needless to say, he would be welcomed with open arms in today's hollywood). one of his movie ideas is about a black uprising in beverly hills - a race-war, so-to-speak, in the middle of l.a.. this is the kind of nonsense that mazursky thinks about when writing scripts for his movies. fortunately, some of sutherland's hippie friends make fun of this black-revolution premise, and the resulting dialogue isn't bad; a little later, the jewish guy makes a crack about sutherland making a movie about "masturbation and the black problem", when the latter starts talking about masturbation. another funny moment is when sutherland's older daughter performs some pc crap on stage with her white school-mates, and they all say: "we, the black people of the republic of south africa...".there is always a certain amount of self-indulgence when hollywood makes a movie about hollywood - especially when it's hollywood making a movie about hollywood discussing hollywood doing movies. now, that's very, very self-indulgent, indeed. the scene with fellini (playing himself) is more amusing than annoying, though. mazursky throws in the standard flower-children and anti-vietnam bullshit into the soup, and also pokes fun at corporate hollywood, but he was/is just as much a part of the "phony hollywood" (lyrics from that song in the surreal war segment) as anyone else; i am pretty sure that he, too, makes phony small-talk in beverly hills parties and grins fakely while shaking the hands of people whom he either doesn't know or like, but whose money he wants badly for his next (left-wing) project. as for his hair: he has the worst hair i've seen in a very long time (on film or elsewhere); it's sort of like the kind of long hair that a middle-aged accountant would have if he grew it long. the film remains relatively interesting in spite of its aimlessness, but it bogs down somewhat into tedium in the last third. if you'd like to read my parody/biography of donald sutherland (and other hollywood actors), contact me by e-mail.

i know nothing of the iliad so can not comment on it's accuracy to that story. however, as a stand alone film i found this very boring. the battle scenes tried to be large and spectacular but they were just obvious cgi.the acting is poor and no doubt brad pitt was cast just to attract the ladies. but he does not make a good warrior, too pretty i am afraid.good points are is the design. this film does look good with the landscape and castle buildings/walls impressive. i do like a film that at least tries to get the characters accents true but this film just seems to ignore it completely. we hear american, scottish english anything but what you might expect for a film about an ancient eastern civilisation.all in all, i do not recommend this film for a family sit down. it is too long and the young will get bored.for adults, it is ok if you don't care about the lack realism.

well, were to start? this is by far one of the worst films i've ever paid good money to see. i won't comment on the story itself, it's a wonderful classic, but here it feels like a soap opera. to start with, the acting, except for eric bana, is soap opera quality. i've always been a fan of brad pitt, but here every actor on the bold and the beautiful puts him to shame. the camera action doesn't help, either. how it lingers on him when he's thinking, it just takes me back to brooke forrester's days in the lab! peter o'toole has either had a really bad plastic surgery, or he is desperately in need of one. either way, he looks more like linda evans than linda evans! and to end my comments, diane kruger is a cute girl, but she sure is no helen of troy. peterson should rather have chosen saffron burrows for the role, since elizabeth taylor would be rather miscast by now.

to confess having fantasies about brad pitt is a pretty tough admission for an heterosexual to make. but what can i tell you? maybe is that famous extra something that everybody talks about and makes a star a star. it crosses that barrier. it pulls you into unknown sensual and emotional territory. brando had it in spades, montgomery clift, gary cooper, james dean of course and in more recent times, tom cruise, jude law, johnny depp, ewan mcgregor and billy crudup. women fell in love with garbo, dietrich, katharine and audrey hepburn, grace kelly, marilyn monroe, julie christie, charlotte rampling, meryl streep, vanessa redgrave, julia roberts and very very recently natalie portman. but brad pitt has, singlehandedly, redefined the concept. he is the only reason to go out, get in the car, find parking, buy a ticket, popcorn and get into a theatre to see "troy" if you liked epics in the "jupiter's darling" style you may enjoy this. but if you don't, go all the same, we want to keep brad pitt in business.

i like brad pitt enormously. he is an actor with brains and wit, not to mention face, pectorals and all the rest. since i saw him in "thelma and louise" a thought has been bothering me, who does he remind me of? "troy" did it for me. he is the new brigitte bardot. the differences are obvious of course. male, american etc but brigitte bardot comes to mind nonetheless. he is so beautiful that he is at his most effective when he plays against it. "kalifornia" "12 monkeys" "fight club" "snatch" his self deprecating humor makes him human, almost accessible. fortunately "troy" will soon be forgotten. only still photographs with pitt, semi naked in ravishing sprint positions will decorate the walls of legions of salivating fans. strange, "das boot" is one of the great films of the second part of the 20th century. what is wolfgang petersen doing directing this? well, i suppose it would be very hard to say no at the chance of working with the new brigitte bardot.

went to see the movie "troy" this afternoon. here's what i learned:contrary to popular opinion and history in general, greek men were not gay. ever. this was clearly established immediately at the start of the film and reinforced every five minutes or so thereafter. so it is safe for american dudes to see this movie.helen of troy always had impeccable hair and makeup. she looked gorgeous in all of her brief cameo scenes which, though numerous, were probably all filmed on the same day, one after the other, with the director saying, "alright, now look beautiful . . . good ... ok, now look frightened ... good... now look depressed ... good ... now look interested . . . good ... now look beautiful again ... good..."most greek and trojan men had british accents. those with american accents couldn't act.trojans looked just like greeks, but they tended to stay on the right side of the screen.brad pitt does not blink on camera.helen of troy's biggest line was, "they're coming for me."trojan music sounded remarkably like modern bulgarian music.brad pitt's thighs go all the way up.achilles had a young male friend with whom he was very close, but it's ok. they were cousins. never mind what history says.peter o'toole can tell an entire story with just an expression.trojan gods apparently all had greek names, but their statues either looked egyptian or like peter o'toole in drag.greek men never touched each other unless they were fighting, much like american men.all of the thousands of extras in the movie had exactly the same skin color... light egyptian, by max factor.troy had only three women.there were lots of blond greeks, which is good news for brad pitt, who would otherwise have really stuck out.despite their coastal desert locale, greeks had the uncanny ability to find unlimited amounts of timber to build fires, funeral pyres, trojan horses and the like.british actors look silly with greek hairdos.brad pitt changes expression only when the sun is shining directly in his eyes.greek soldiers fought constantly, but their outfits always looked impeccable.greek soldiers wore underwear under their skirts.apparently greek temples were always in ruins, even back when they were all new.

hello there,this is my first post in imdb even though i use it as a reference for quite a while. i would therefore like to salute you all. the fact that i am a greek is inevitably going to affect my judgement i hope not to your annoyance.i spent 2 years of my life, (all we greeks did actually), analysing omirus epos (and not homers as you see everywhere), rhyme by rhyme. if i recall well it was iliada (iliad) on 8th grade and odysseia (odyssey) on 9th grade. warner's troy, was a big disappointment to me and my fellow greeks around the campus (i study in the uk).iliad epos is one of the very best literature works ever made. it was composed by a greek poet omirus a whole 400 years after the actual war. historians put trojan war around 1200 bc, and the actual reason of the war not being helen's beauty but the strategically crucial position of troy. that said one may now understand that omirus epos is not presenting the actual events (as it's not accurate historically) but this was never the purpose of this work. reading this huge poem, one can find himself wondering for the very definitions of honour, love, anger, hate, heroism, discipline, loyalty and so on. the best part and the most educational as well were these prolonged talks between the warriors before the battle. none of these though were revealed in 'troy'warner's troy was really cheap to my eyes, and to other intellectual people english finnish and german colleagues of me as well. it is a shame to spend millions of dollars in such a bad scenario. by the way perfect storm was a bad and stupid blockbuster (computers graphics did the whole work), and yet it is wolfgang petersen's best work. i conclude saying that you'd better watch something else instead. i would give troy 2 out of 10. it is a really expensive b movie.cheers alex

i had high hopes for troy and i am so bitterly disappointed. the film was directed so badly it made my stomach ache. the pacing was so slow, the dialogue laughable and the film - well apart from a nice fight scene between achilles (pitt) and hector (bana) - the rest was shallow.and why, oh why does hollywood always insist on rewriting stories to fit 'consumer approval'. agamemnon didn't die in troy, the war lasted 10 years and achilles was killed by paris outside the walls of troy with an arrow to the ankle! it annoys me that such a classic story as this is turned into a soap.and don't even start me on the 'lack' of chemistry between helen and paris. she was the woman the war was fought over and it didn't even look as if the two of them cared a great deal about the other. no sparks, no emotion, no hope.i have to say in the films defence brad pitt, eric bana and peter o' toole acted very well with a bad script but that isn't enough to save this awful movie. can anybody tell me where the £200 million budget went? maybe in all the trees they used for the funeral pyres - where did they get all those trees?i am so disappointed it hurts.

i had the greatest enthusiasm going in to the advance screening for this movie. after all, this is one of the oldest and most complex tales known to mankind, and it was one of the first epic tales i read as a kid (even before tolkien). i must say that it was a huge disappointment. they completely made the plot into a joke and turned the thing into one long soap opera. the elements that were faithful to the plot were sprinkled throughout in such a haphazard manner that the audience was laughing at many times at the silly script that just paid lip service to this battle of all battles. it was a huge disappointment to see a complex character like achilles (who has a strange combination of nearly matrix-like powers, utter ruthlessness and male lovers in the original poem) turn to "fabio on the beach" in the guise of pitt (who with a good script and more effort could have turned this into the most complex and original warrior figure hollywood has ever produced). the actors were actually decent, trying to make the best of a ridiculous script. it was actually a waste of so much talent (peter o'toole stole the show, and orlando bloom and sean bean were pathetic). compare it to lotr or gladiator and it doesn't even hold a candle to them. plenty of hunks for the ladies to goggle over but not enough battle scenes for a movie that is about one long battle and siege. i wouldn't recommend that anyone pay to see this story dragged through the dirt like one of the characters was (at least they got that part right).

i have walked out of about 6 movies my entire life. this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i don't know how i sat through an hour of it. i must have been in a coma that night. i saw it in the theatre when it came out 8 years ago. i couldn't even remember the name, but i knew that penelope ann miller starred in it. it must have really affected me to be wasting my time commenting on it today. yech! vomit! barf!

the box for "to die for" suckered me in -- a shirtless hunky guy and the promise of some laughs and sex. there was plenty of thomas arklie (simon), who's easy on the eyes, but no laughs and little sexiness.the couple, mark and simon, have allegedly been together several years, but neither character is interesting enough to care about, so it's hard to imagine that they care about each other. the fault seems to lie in the script, not the performances; both actors do the best they can with what they're given. the ending is sappy and unaffecting (well, not totally unaffecting; i felt relief that it was over). if you're looking for a movie about gay relationships and aids that's funny, "parting glances" is far better.

i had read a few positive reviews of this film, and was truly surprised at how dreadful the whole thing was. positioned as some cross between an aids-related story and some kind of "ghost"/"blithe spirit" tale, this film can't always make it's mind up what it wants to be. simon and mark are a gay couple who have an "open" relationship - simon is able to have anonymous (though safe) sex on the side when he wants. mark is hiv+ and he and simon don't seem to have a sex life anymore. when mark dies, simon - who has made a habit of shutting off his emotions after being rejected years ago by his father - tries to erase his memory and just get on with being a bachelor. not that his behavior before mark's death was much different. but mark returns in ghostly form and foils his various trysts, while getting simon to open up and admit his true feelings.unfortunately, simon is such a selfish sob, it's impossible to feel any empathy toward him for most of the film. by the time he is supposed to be more sympathetic, it's too late to care. mark, on the other hand, follows in demi moore's footsteps from "ghost," by crying profusely throughout the movie. there is a bizarre switch in tone after mark returns. suddenly we get some lame attempts at humor, a la the tv show "bewitched." but that doesn't last long. once simon's emotional health is at stake, the whole thing becomes increasingly mawkish, with amateurish attempts to jerk at your heartstrings. the finale, with a gold-plated muscle-boy angel guiding a tearful mark to heaven while a chastened, grief-stricken simon waves goodbye is just stupefying, chiefly because it isn't intentionally funny.

this film is "riveting" but in much the same way a car crash is riveting. it's hard to look away. overall, this film is nothing more than an incredibly irresponsible social experiment--and a futile, biased experiment at that. the filmmakers are manipulative and seem to have no problems going for the lowest possible denominator. the manner in which the money is presented to ted is pure exploitation. the intervening steps that the filmmakers force ted to participate in (meeting with so-called experts) were empty and devoid of any substantive attempt to connect with ted. instead, it's painfully obvious that they serve to cover the filmmaker's posteriors and to further exploit ted's situation. the worst part is that the filmmakers stop following ted after 6 months; and seemingly are cut off entirely from the subject they had followed so closely months before. if they had cared, they would have found better "experts" to help ted. if they truly wanted to see what ted would do, then they should have let him spend the money without any intervention. this film is at best a high-brow jackass stunt and not a documentary. it's sad to think how much $100,000 could have actually changed a homeless person's life had it been put in the right hands.

what happens when you give a free man just enough money to trap him into the rat race and watch him squirm? homeless people answer to no one. they have no mortgages, rent payments or idiot bosses. homeless people don't have to worry about the irs or performance reviews or credit card payments. but, give them just enough money to rent an apartment and buy a car and, suddenly, they have to worry about entering the rat race, buying gas for transportation, paying insurance on their car, and working for someone else. they get a chance to be a "productive citizens." this film was about as exploitive as a film can be. it's a way for the rich and middle-class sheeple to say "see what happens when you try to help the poor?" and it vindicates capitalistic arrogance.why not a film that asks, "what happens when you take away everything a rich man has?"

as always this is an inaccurate picture of the homeless. tv told a lot of lies about panhandlers in the early 1990s and made everyone look bad, and claimed we all made over $100 a day when $20-40 a day was much closer to reality. when someone drove by where i held up a sign offering to work, and offered me work, i actually went and took the work if i was physically able.and if i would been offered the $100,000 id damned sure invested in in apt prepaid for at least 2 years, and kept most in the bank and still left myself $10-20000 for nl $1-2 and $2-5 cash games at the casinos. i usually always win and could win decent if i just had a bankroll. instead i win about $1000 a month is all playing in always minimum buying in due to not wanting to risk losing it all. i was only homeless cause i didn't wanna risk spending all my money and going broke, sometimes i had over $1000-2000 in my sock while i slept outside. anyone wanting to talk contact sevencard2003 on yahoo messenger.i admit i was different than most homeless people though, due to the fact i never drank smoke or took drugs. im no longer homeless, am now in govt housing for $177 a month and getting ssi and spend most of my time winning at online poker. mom and sunflower diversified worked hard to get me ssi. glad my days of hiding in under the stage in the convention center of the casino at night sleeping, worrying about getting caught by security are finally over. had this tv crew picked me theyd been over a lot sooner. its a shame how they don't better select who they pick.

"what happens when you give a homeless man $100,000?" as if by asking that question they are somehow morally absolved of what is eventually going to happen. the creators of "reversal of fortune" try to get their voyeuristic giggles while disguising their antics as some kind of responsible social experiment.they take ted, a homeless man in pasadena, and give him $100,000 to see if he will turn his life around. then, with only the most cursory guidance and counseling, they let him go on his merry way.what are they trying to say? "money can't buy you happiness?" "the homeless are homeless because they deserve to be?" or how about, "lift a man up - it's more fun to watch him fall from a greater altitude." they took a man with nothing to lose, gave him something to lose, and then watched him dump it all down the drain. that's supposed to be entertainment? they dress this sow up with some gloomy music and dramatic camera shots, but in the end it has all the moral high ground of car crash videos - only this time they engineered the car crashes and asked, "what happens when you take down a stop sign?"

don't spend your money or your time on this pitiful piece of film in the guise of cinematography.when every third word is devoted to foul language and there is no real plot as well as having a cast of old actors who are still giving the same dated performances from the past and have not evolved in their careers, leaves a lot to be said. i was expecting something better from award winning actor benicio del toro. the vision that others may have of puertorricans will be irreversibly distorted by such trash as maldeamores. a foul word at a given moment in a film may be used to emphasize a given point of view and may even be funny or sad depending on its context (see the movie elsa and fred for example) but it should not permeate the plot. the movie is a total embarrassment and there was absolutely nothing funny or even cute about this film.

this film is a good example of how through media manipulation you can sell a film that is no more than a very unfunny tv sitcom. in puerto rico the daily newspaper with the widest circulation has continuously written about the marvels of this film, almost silencing all others. coincidentally the newspaper with the second largest circulation belongs to the same owners. the weekly claridad is the only newspaper on the island that has analyzed the film's form and content, and pointed out all its flaws, clichés, and bad writing.just because a film makes a portion of the audience laugh with easy and obvious jokes, and because one can recognize actors and scenery, does not make it an acceptable film.

charles bronson continued his 80's slump with what could possibly be his worst movie of the decade, if not ever. in it he plays a detective who goes to great lengths to track down a pimp who has abducted an asian girl and is currently selling her to the highest bidder. it's a shameful attempt at action and is quite possibly the most depressing movie ever made. a lot of people consider the death wish sequels to be bronson's worst movies. the death wish sequels weren't great movies but were in most cases competently made and very watchable. kinjite however is an utterly dull thriller which is punctuated by mean spirited racism and child molestation. it really is a rephrensible film and all of it is made worse by the fact that it tries to preach a "law and justice" mentality that is too overwrought to really say anything. indeed the movie begins with underage sex being interrupted with bronson then anally raping the pedophile with a dildo. the chicago theater i watched this in just gasped at the awkwardness of this scene, only to gasp at the awkwardness of the pimp raping the girl in this film. it has no point other than to exploit and really the movie wasn't well written enough to rise above the exploitation level and deliver something that would work. bronson seems more into things but clearly this is far too repugnant to save. i want to point out that i think charles bronson is the coolest actor ever but this effort is ultimately his worst. the action sequences are poor also.1/2* out of 4-(awful)

repugnant bronson thriller. unfortunately, it's technically good and i gave it 4/10, but it's so utterly vile that it would be inconceivable to call it "entertainment". far more disturbing than a typical slasher film.

the '80's were not very kind to one-time major star charles bronson. starting with 1982's "death wish ii" and ending with this truly gruesome film from '89, bronson's screenwriters seemed to be trying to top each other in progressive grossness. "d.w. ii" left little to the imagination in its depiction of the rape and suicide of bronson's character's daughter, (a rape and murder of his housekeeper was also shown in disgusting detail). "10 to midnight" was the sort of loathsome film that made you want to take a bath afterwards. nothing redeeming about it. other films like "the evil that men do" and the remaining "death wish" films from this period straddled the line between high camp and high barf with their earnest depictions of brutality and revenge. i'm not sure if the producers (usually pancho kohner) got a kick out of showing a weary looking, senior citizen-aged bronson destroying punks young enough to be his grandchildren or what, but the shoddy craftsmanship (and terrible scripts) of these films usually destroyed what little energy they may have generated."kinjite" -- the last of these films -- is fairly well-made but truly takes the cake in cinematic wretchedness. in this film bronson: sodomizes a perverse john; forces a pimp to eat his rolex watch; allows a male prisoner to get raped by another prisoner; makes incredibly xenophobic remarks among other things i've thankfully forgotten. also depicted is the gang-rape of a young japanese girl (fortunately, this was off-screen, though well-implied).what were people thinking when they made this film? what was bronson thinking when he decided to ruin his career with these horrible films? for anyone interested in his best movies, check out most of the films he made in the '60's and '70's like "the mechanic", "death wish", "from noon til 3", "once upon a time in the west", "red sun", "the great escape", "the magnificent seven", "rider on the rain", etc., etc....

offering a killer combo of terrible writing, terrible acting and terrible direction, it's a tossup whether kinjite: forbidden subjects is offensively bad or just hilariously bad. it's almost as if someone ran a competition to make the sleaziest, seediest cannon film. as if a glance at a cast list including characters like 'lesbian pedophile,' 'perverted gentleman,' 'porno actress' weren't enough, it's your only chance to see charles bronson's cop throw a lowlife on a bed and grab a dildo - but don't worry, it's okay, as the offscreen screams make clear he's only torturing him for information. after all, even if he is a bit overprotective of his nice catholic daughter, he's a nice catholic cop who regularly brings local catholic priest william o'connell a packed lunch and who believes in poetic justice - or at least ensuring that the bad guys end up in the slammer with the horniest inmates maximum security can provide to give them a taste of their own medicine. but then that's what you get for telling him "look, i think you're a little bit unstable." still, when later offered a bribe, he may snarl "i'd like to shove this up your ass, but i don't want to get my hands dirty," he's clearly learned where to draw the line: instead, he just makes him eat a $25,000 watch and sets fire to his cadillac. the anal obsession even follows through to the film's title: despite the poster featuring a naked japanese girl on a porn film set, the film's only direct example of kinjite/forbidden subjects, as alex hyde white's english teacher explains to a group of japanese businessmen, is, er talking about your bowel movements in polite society.bronson isn't just too old for this, as the opening fight makes only too clear, he's too old for love interest peggy lipton, and she looks old enough to have grown-up kids. a better actor than he ever got the credit for when given the right material, here's he's given less a properly thought out character than a series of outrageous reactionary quirks. when he's not widening the circles of suspects he's accidentally dropping them to their death off the sides of buildings. he's definitely not a p.c. copper, with a special loathing for the japanese - as if it wasn't bad enough that they're buying up american businesses, what's worse, they double-park on a public thoroughfare! no racial minority goes unassaulted, be they black pimp or pakistani hotel clerk, no cop cliché unrecycled, be it a boss who bangs his fist on the table or a dead meat partner (perry lopez and his spectacularly bad hair dye that's so prominent it deserves screen billing all its own). the twin plot strands - bronson's l.a. cop trying to take down juan hernandez's pimp who deals in underage girls and james pax's porn-obsessed japanese businessman  take forever to intertwine, and then in the most unlikely of ways: after copping a feel of bronson's daughter on a bus ("some oriental guy touched my holy of holies!"), in the film's idea of poetic justice pax finds his own daughter kidnapped by hernandez. you half expect the writer to pop his head round the corner of the screen and say, "how d'ya like them apples?"somewhere underneath all the laziness is the germ of a good idea even if it is too muddily developed to ever be clear quite what that idea really is, but the execution is pure rising sun: the archie bunker version, shot like out-takes from an r-rated 80s music video with an outrageous and rather lazy dockside shoot-'em-up-and-blow'em-up finale that sees a small army of machine-gunning sidekicks suddenly appear to up the gratuitous body count. the last of bronson's mostly bad to in different collaborations with j. lee thompson  and sadly thompson's last film as director - it's a poor signoff for two undervalued players who increasingly never seemed to be that discerning about what pictures they said yes to.

charles bronson stars as lt crowe a police detective who declares war on a pimp named duke (juan fernandez) who kidnaps the daughter of a japanese businessman who is the man who sexually harassed crowe's daughter (amy hathaway) in this sleazy yet stylishly helmed revenge thriller. kinjite may not be for everyone with it's somewhat disturbing plot threads but it is well made and indeed entertaining.

when great director/actor combinations are talked about the team of j. lee thompson and charles bronson is not usually mentioned. probably because the output of nine joint ventures between the two of them runs the gamut from the really good action entertainment to the mediocre. unfortunately kinjite: forbidden subjects falls in the latter. that's sad because kinjite could have been a whole lot better. but for the life of me i don't understand why it was necessary to make the father of the missing japanese girl, a guy used to getting some cheap jollies because the romance in his marriage has run out. that might have been good for another film altogether, but it served no purpose here.a straightforward cop drama with charles bronson as a vice cop who's seen a bit too much in his line of work and has a strong prejudice against orientals. that part could also have used a little explaining as well. but he's going to have to overcome it if he and patient partner perry lopez are going to locate a captured japanese school girl.bronson's time in the vice squad have told him exactly where to look for the kidnapper. a stylish, murderous pimp played by jaime fernandez is the guy and he and bronson have some history. in fact in the film's best scene, bronson made him eat an expensive rolex watch and set his car on fire.at one point fernandez happens to spot bronson and lopez in an all night delicatessen and this being after his rolex snack, he sprays the place with an uzi killing everyone, but bronson and lopez. i really think that little incident would have had more than a couple vice cops from the lapd after fernandez. but that's another terribly big hole in the plot.still there is a very rough justice in the end for fernandez. i wish the whole film had been better though. this was the last film of the bronson-thompson team and j. lee thompson's last as a director. he should have gone out with something better.

the husband-and-wife team of bennie fields and blossom seeley were huge stars in vaudeville, yet they made very few films. as is the case for some other performers of their era (george m. cohan, fanny brice, gertrude lawrence) the most accessible piece of film footage for fields and seeley is the biopic about them, in which they're portrayed by other actors: 'somebody loves me', starring betty hutton and that inimitable song-and-dance man ralph meeker.in their heyday, fields and seeley were so hugely popular that another husband-and-wife vaudeville act -- jesse block and eve sully -- achieved nearly as much stardom performing an almost identical act, effectively becoming the "second-team" fields and seeley. offstage, though, there was a major difference in the couples' living arrangements. fields and seeley lived in hotel suites, paying room-service rates for every meal they ate, and eventually running out of money. block and sully lived modestly and invested their earnings wisely, ending in comfortable retirement.the first 30 seconds of this vitaphone short are occupied by two spats-wearing pianists. apparently these two men had some slight name value of their own in 1930, although i've never heard of them. finally, fields and seely rush in and start performing. they both have plenty of pep, and she's fairly attractive.i was annoyed that both performers keep making movements as if they're about to break into a dance, but they never quite do so until the third of the three songs they perform in this short. when they finally start hoofing, the results are not impressive.i was delighted to have this opportunity to see these two major performers doing their vaude act. now that i've seen it, i understand why they never became stars in movie musicals. my rating for this one: just 4 out of 10, and i'll stick with block and sully.

this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen, as it's absolutely god awful, john carradine has very limited screen time. all the characters are boring, and the story is terrible, plus i could see the two twists at the end coming miles away!. the great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped if it wasn't so damn boring, and there isn't one character to root for either, plus i hope it makes it's way to the bottom 100, because it deserves to be there in my opinion. when john carradine finally shows up at the end, it's a pretty good scene but it's already way too late, and the only other screen time he had was in flashbacks, plus the only really gory scene in the movie is when a character gets his face messed up by bee's, as it was rather gory. i got this in a dvd horror set called back from the grave and everyone really overacts in my opinion, plus it's lucky this was included in a set i bought otherwise i would have chucked this out the window!. this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen, as it's absolutely god awful, john carradine has very limited screen time, and i say avoid it like the plague!, you don't want to go through the torture. the direction is absolutely terrible!. carl monson does an absolutely terrible! job here, making every thing look cheap, wasting his potential on making creepy atmosphere and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace. the acting is just as bad. john carradine is good in his scene, but other then that he's hardly in the film other then flashback scenes. (carradine ruled!!). merry anders overacts here terribly as laura, as she didn't convince me at all. ivy bethune is ok, and somewhat creepy, but also overacted, she did have a creepy smile at the end though. rest of the cast, i didn't pay enough attention too, as i had a lot of trouble getting through it, but they were all really bad. overall please avoid this,it's not worth the agony!. bomb out of 5

i rented the video of "the piano teacher" knowing nothing about it other than what was written on the video box. i did this with some trepidation because films that win awards at cannes are usually very good or very bad. unfortunately, this one falls in the latter category. about one quarter of the way into it i found myself saying out loud, "this movie is boring." about half way through i was saying to myself, "where have i seen this before?" at the three quarters mark i had figured it out.in spite of its literary origins, this film is essentially a remake of robert altman's much earlier (1969), and better, "that cold day in the park." although the details obviously differ and altman's work was more plot-driven and less of a character study, the two films are thematically identical. there is nothing "new" to be seen in this production. every aspect of it has been done before: a character spiralling out of control with increasingly self-destructive behavior (abel ferrara's "bad lieutenant" 1992); a perverse and doomed 'love' culminating in an operatic (near) death scene (david cronenberg's "m. butterfly" 1993); uncommonly brutal sex scenes (david lynch's "blue velvet" 1986); and so on. hence, i am bemused by the fact that so many found the film to be "shocking," "shattering," etc. this highly derivative film seems to have been made for the sole purpose of making viewers feel uncomfortable, and clearly succeeded with some. however, i largely attribute such a reaction to a lack of film-viewing experience. see enough movies and you really will, eventually, have seen it all. and while it is true that i saw the expurgated 'r-rated' version, i doubt that the additional scenes would change my overall opinion of "the piano teacher."technically, the film is not without merit. there is some very good camera work and the lighting is excellent. isabelle huppert's creditable performance also helps save it from being a waste of time. this is the first of haneke's films that i've seen, and if i were to see more i expect i would have the same opinion of him that i have of ferrara: an interesting director but not nearly the genius others make him out to be. rating: 4/10.

although i can see the potentially redeeming qualities in this film by way of it's intrigue, i most certainly thought that the painfully long nature in the way the scene structure played out was too much to ask of most viewers. enormous holes in the screenplay such as the never explained "your father died today" comment by the mother made it even harder to try to make sense of these characters.this won first place at cannes in 2001 which is a shock considering. perhaps the french had been starved for film noir that year and were desperate for something as sadistic as this film. i understood the long scenes as a device to keep the viewer as uncomfortable as possible but when matched with the inability to relate to the main character it went too far for me and kept me at arms distance from the story altogether.this is a film for only the most dedicated fan of film noir and one who expects no gratification from having watched a film once it's over. i loved movies such as "trainspotting" or "requiem for a dream" - which were far more disturbing but at least gave the viewer something in the way of editing and pacing. to watch this teachers slow and painful silence scene after scene just became so redundant that i found it tedious - and i really wanted to like this film at every turn.

well, the artyfartyrati of cannes may have liked this film but not me i am afraid. if you like the type of film where shots linger for so long that you wonder whether the actor has fallen asleep or the cameraman gone for lunch then it may be for you. a large part of it is like this with short sojourns into the realm of unpleasantness. i did not find it shocking nor disturbing as some other reviewers have - simply a little distasteful and pointless. the only reason i did not give this one star is that the acting is commendable ans the film is fairly well shot. the plot, however, has little to recommend. a large part of the film just shows a grumpy woman teaching or listening to piano, which might appeal to some people. but lest you think this is harmless enough be prepared for some snatches of pornography and sexual violence just to wake you up with a bad taste in your mouth. not recommended.

i do not fail to recognize haneke's above-average film-making skills. for example, i appreciate his lingering on unremarkable-natural-day-lighted settings as a powerful way to force a strong sense of realism. however, regarding the content of this film, i am very sad to see that in the 21st century there is still an urge to pathologize domination-submission relations or feelings (and/or bdsm practices). the problem that the main character has with her mother is unbelievably topical as is the alienation and uncomprehension felt by walter (i don't mean the frustration of a lover which is not loved back in the same way, which is understandable; i mean that he looks upon her as if she were crazy, or as if he was a monk, come on!). i mean d/s is not something new in the world and i think it is rather silly to treat the subject as if it were something "freakish" or pathological; it isn't. in general, films dealing with this subject are really lagging behind the times.so, for me, i feel that this film ends up being quite a programmatical film, worried with very outdated psicoanalitical theories (isn't it nearly embarrassing?), and that does not really relate with real-life lives and experiences of those engaged in d/s relationships (personal experience, forums, irc chatrooms even recent scholar studies will show this).

isabelle huppert is a wonderful actor. the director of "la pianiste" understands this, providing the viewer with long takes of huppert's face, and these are a pleasure to see. huppert is not an animated actor--she registers emotion with the smallest lift of an eyebrow or flicker of a smile.other than the enjoyment of watching an experienced actor excel in her profession, there is nothing in this movie that makes me want to recommend it. (well, if you enjoy self-mutilation, sado-masochism, and bizarre behavior, "la pianiste" might work for you. other than these attributes, i could not find any redeeming value in it.)buried in all this strange material there is a kernel of truth. people who compete at the very highest level--musically, athletically, whatever--begin as strange people, and are shaped into stranger people by the competitive environment.not worth a trip to a movie theater to relearn this life lesson. 

this movie purports to be a character study of perversion. some reviewers have been gulled into assuming that because perversion is depicted, the film is psychologically deep; actually, considering the salacious material, it is surprisingly tedious and shallow, with no motivational substance. why is the main character the way she is? you won't find out from the script. for a better treatment of the same theme (and a more entertaining movie), try bunuel's belle de jour.

elfriede jelinek, not quite a household name yet, is a winner of the nobel prize for literature. her novel spawned a film that won second prize at cannes and top prizes for the male and female leads. am i a dinosaur in matters of aesthetic appreciation or has art become so debased that anything goes?'gobble, gobble' is the favoured orthographic representation in britain of the bubbling noise made by a turkey. in the film world a turkey is a monumental flop as measured by box office receipts or critical reception. 'gobble, gobble' and the piano teacher are perfect partners.the embarrassing awfulness of this widely praised film cannot be overstated. it begins very badly, as if made to annoy the viewer. credits interrupt inconsequential scenes for more than 11 minutes. we are introduced to professor erika kohut, apparently the alter ego of the accoladed authoress, a stony professor of piano. she lives with her husky and domineering mum. dad is an institutionalised madman who dies unseen during what passes for the action.reviewing the piano teacher is difficult, beyond registering its unpleasantness. what we see in the film (and might read in the book, for all i know) is a tawdry, exploitative, nonsensical tale of an emotional pendulum that swings hither and thither without moving on.erika, whose name is minimally used, is initially shown as a person with intense musical sensitivity but otherwise totally repressed. not quite, because there's a handbags at two paces scene with her gravelly-voiced maman early on that ends with profuse apologies. if a reviewer has to (yawn) extract a leitmotif (why not use a pretentious word when a simpler one would do), elrika's violently alternating moods would be it.a young hunk, walter, studying to become a 'low voltage' engineer, whatever that is, and playing ice hockey in his few leisure moments, is also a talented pianist. he encounters elrika at an old-fashioned recital in a luxury apartment in what may or may not be paris. in the glib fashion of so much art, he immediately falls in love and starts to 'cherchez la femme'.repressed erika has a liking for hardcore pornography, shown briefly but graphically for a few seconds while she sniffs a tissue taken from the waste basket in the private booth where she watches.walter performs a brilliant audition and is grudgingly accepted as a private student by erika, whose teaching style is characterised by remoteness, hostility, discouragement and humiliation.he soon declares his love and before long pursues erika into the ladies where they engage in mild hanky panky and incomplete oral sex. erika retains control over her lovesick swain. she promises to send him a letter of instruction for further pleasurable exchanges.in the meantime, chillingly jealous because of walter's kindness to a nervous student who is literally having the shits before a rehearsal for some future concert, erika fills the student's coat pocket with broken glass, causing severe lacerations to those delicate piano-playing hands.the next big scene (by-passing the genital self-mutilation, etc) has walter turning up at the apartment erika shares with her mother. erika want to be humiliated, bound, slapped, etc. sensible walter is, for the moment, repulsed and marches off into the night.at this point there's still nearly an hour to go. the viewer can only fear the worst. erika tracks down walter to the skating rink where he does his ice hockey practice. they retire to a back room. lusty wally is unable to resist the hands tugging at his trousers. his 'baby gravy' is soon expelled with other stomach contents. ho hum.repulsed but hooked, perhaps desirous of revenge for the insult so recently barfed on the floor, walter returns to erika's apartment. can you guess what happens now? it's not very deep or difficult. yes, he becomes a brute while erika becomes a victim. one moment he's locking maman in her room and slapping erika, the next he's kicking her in the face, having sex with her and renewing his declarations of love. am i being unfair in this summary? watch the film if you want, but i'd advise you not to.anyone can see eternity in a grain of sand if they're in the right mood. i could expatiate at the challenging depiction of human relationships conveyed by this film if i wanted. but i 'prefer not to', because this is a cheap and nasty film that appeals to base instincts and says nothing.i'm supposed to say that parentally repressed erika longs for love, ineffectively seeks it in pornography, inappropriately rejects it when it literally appears, pink and throbbing, under her nose, belatedly realises that she doesn't like being hurt, blah, blah, blah.the world has, for reasons not explained, stunted her. she apparently makes a monster out of someone who appeared superficially loving - but surely we all know that any man is potentially a violent rapist, because that's his essential nature however much he tries to tell himself and the world otherwise.at the end, if you have the patience to be there, there's a small twist. before going to the final scene, where she's due to perform as a substitute for the underwear-soiling student with the lacerated hands, erika packs a knife in her handbag. for walter?yes, you're ahead of me. she stabs herself in a none life-threatening area and leaves. roll credits.if this earned the second prize at cannes, just how bad were the rest of the entries?

a movie has rarely left me as cold as this one. there is not a bit of tension, not a second of fear, not a moment we jump, even a little bit. the girl is cute, yeah. that's it. was that worth a movie ? i knew it wasn't supposed to be a great movie, but i was at least expecting one.

i wasn't really hoping for much when i went to see this. after mst3king the heck out of jasonx with some friends though, i was hoping for a similar experience here.unfortunately the movie took itself way too seriously. do i care about jason's problems? i'm sorry no. there are a legion ft13th movies that cover that anyway. at at then end of the day, he's an undead serial killer, i'm just not going to get that sympathetic.freddy was by far the most interesting aspect of the movie with the hallucinations and what not, but unfortunately they were few and far between and by the end of the movie, it had degenerated into a bad episode of celebrity deathmatch...only not funny.

i rented this shortly after renting ben stein's "expelled" and thought it would interesting to compare them. before i go further, it seems only fair that i point out the following so a reader can see if i'm prejudiced or not. i'm trying to be objective, for the record.i tend to enjoy maher's hbo show now and then, though i rarely think he's the source of the humor. i don't really care for his stand-up either. but he makes some good points on the show now and again, and i liked politically incorrect, though he was still fairly politically correct (which i deem a negative because the very term sounds orwellian or at least fascist). as for my religious views, i'll say for simplicity's sake that i'm a non-denom. christian with some views that are objectivist and some that are agnostic mixed in.that being said, this a bad "documentary" for reasons that haven't been touched on yet by many reviewers--though the ones mentioned are valid too. the reason it's not convincing isn't just that he argues the main point without letting others talk (and his point boils down to nothing logical either, it's just "come on, really?" which isn't a point, just a question. try david hume if you want a decent argument.). the reason this isn't convincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject matter. i saw this about 2 months ago and i only recall him talking to one person whose credentials as a professional were mentioned if he wasn't a clergyman. there are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with masters or doctorates willing to do a bit of verbal sparring, particularly in the fields of history, anthropology or a host of others.if one compares this to ben stein's "expelled: no intelligence allowed" he'll find that stein interviews about 30 credentialed professors, professionals, clergy, etc. he does this with a variety of sources with various backgrounds. he also makes a point in his film regarding freedom of thought and education. maher could easily have pointed out wrongs committed by theocratic rules throughout centuries or persecutions from this. instead he idiotically refers to the 20th century's secular totalitarian regimes as evidence of why secularism needs more socio-political power!!!! (it's in the bonus features where he's standing in front of the anne frank house i think.) this is a true orwellian head-trip. he blames christianity in particular on many pointless deaths--which has had its share, though far smaller than most!!--without even including a basic view of the evidence. perhaps this is because that argument is dwarfed by secular humanism's miserable record of the 20th century alone.another glaring weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone that would be considered a moderate or "average" practitioner. he picks out the weakest gazelles of the herd. how difficult is that? how does proving the existence of exceptions move toward disproving the general rule? it does not. wow, so people in cults think outside of the norm? how enlightening to know this. great work maher! again, it would be fairly easy to interview someone like laurence vance and include his work on refuting the idea of "patriotic duty" that demands a person fight in any war his country is involved in.beyond all that, he's just not that funny here. some of the clips that are overlaid in "clever" out of context/irreverent ways might garner a laugh, but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from maher will not be forthcoming, much less convincing. he spends most of his time bashing christians, spouting inaccuracies, and interviewing fringe groups that he doesn't allow to really answer his questions.for the record, there are good questions to honestly ask of religious folks and many they should ask of themselves. he touches on almost none of these. i get the feeling that i could've responded much better to most of his questioning than the people he interviewed, but the whole thing reeks of deck-stacking in terms of what is included and what was edited out.

i've been a fan of all things bill maher for 15 years but this film was disappointing and at times disgusting. of course, i am catholic, come from a well-educated family and go to church of my own volition, which probably puts me at ends with quite a few of bill's opinions.bill's problem is that he presumes that religion is uniformly negative. he's correct to document the sociological aspects of it i.e. one faith builds its holidays on top of another and that many wars have been started because of religion (or, more accurately, by the sinister appeals of men to the ultimate and unquestionable authority of god), but that said he never looks at its positive side. quite frankly, i think that hell would freeze over before bill would ever humble himself and travel to the slums of calcutta where mother theresa spent her life working with the poorest of the poor. she's dead now of course, but he could easily visit the jesuit priest in east la who runs homeboy industries, which works with young men typically with gang and prison backgrounds to teach them career skills, get their tattoos removed, and to become responsible members of society, or he could visit usc's institute for advanced catholic studies, which has brought together some of the world's finest theologians, diplomats, and investment bankers to study ways in which to ethically integrate the world's poorest countries into global capital markets and thereby improve the standard of living for the half of the world's people who live on less than $1 a day. of course he won't do that because that would require him to consider evidence that does not easily fit into his preconceived beliefs about religion, and it's so much easier to continue to make snide, superficial jokes.that fits into the other large problem with bill's movie, which is that he never subjects himself to anyone either on his level or who is better than he is. in this movie, you have maher the cornell grad spend most of his time talking down to truck drivers at a nondenominational christian truck stop service, in a night club with a dutch guy who smokes pot all the time, with the minister of a storefront church in miami who claims to be the reincarnation of christ, and with an actor playing jesus at a "holy land" theme park.what you won't see in bill's film, beyond some superficial speculation alongside a ph.d in grand central station that religion chemically alters the brain like drugs do and that religion is the fallacy of tradition wrought on the masses, is any sort of serious and questioning interviews with philosophy and theology professors from schools like notre dame, byu, or wheaton college, who could easily rhetorically decapitate him in a debate on the matter. you won't see any serious discussion of any of the writings of c.s. lewis, g.k. chesterton, or any papal encyclicals, and of course you also won't find any discussion whatsoever of any of the non-abrahamic (judaism, christianity, and islam) faiths whatsoever. all you get at the end of the day is a textbook example of a condescending, snobby elitist from the west side of la who makes a movie for his own kind and who has absolutely no gut-level understanding whatsoever of how the other half of america that elected george w. bush (twice) lives their lives or about the school of thought behind it.i get a lot of what bill's saying, but for someone possessing his intellect and influence, this film was nothing less than pathetic. anyone interested in the kind of intellectual ferment that indie documentaries typically bring could find more stimulation in an old rerun of the teletubbies.

now don't get me wrong. if you need an insightful summary of everything that been wrong with the history of human civilization as well as a flawless path to brighter future for mankind, who better to turn to than a comedian and practitioner of pop culture? if you need a healthy dose of all the solid, sound reasons why religion has outlived it's usefulness then turn to sagan or dawkins, not bill maher for god's(?) sake! that's a good point in and of itself. maher dismisses our religious past as a neurological disorder conveniently ignoring how his entire society, art and science is rooted in it.in this film, he relies heavily on his keenly-honed skill set of irony and cynicism to make his point while attempting to appear erudite and wise. unfortunately, his intellect isn't up to the task.maher makes us laugh but is clearly not the brightest bulb in the box. as an example, he responds to an interviewee's (and i use the term loosely as they were clearly all "ambushees") assertion that the existence of jesus is historical fact with a deadpan "no, it's not" followed by a long stare meant to convey contempt at the subject's naivety (a device nauseatingly overused in this film). the problem is that the person was correct and maher dead wrong in his assertion that jesus is mentioned only in what he considers to be the historically- suspect gospels. i guess mr. maher has never read the contemporary historian josephus.but the masses will flock to this pseudo-documentary as they do the fictional works of other intellectual giants like michael moore, and they will loudly bray and guffaw (they certainly did at my showing).it's doubly telling, however, that the loudest and most mule-like braying occurred during the approximately 70% of the running time that the film devoted to it's anti-christian tirade while the audience was wholly mute during the token 10% devoted to criticizing the self-described religion of peace. hmmm. either criticism of islam is off-limits to the hip and liberal target audience or they were just afraid to laugh. very telling, either way..

i saw it, i agree with him 100%, but i didn't care for his delivery. he just came off as an asshole in a poorly edited, contrived juvenile smear campaign. edit cuts galore, etc... the camera would be focused on him, and you'd see 2 or 3 edit cuts just over the course of a minute or two of dialog. add in the constant boom mikes in the camera shot, which is a film no-no.this documentary hits a topic with so many angles, so many interesting stories, that the movie is just so easily done. picking on religious fanatics is like picking on the retarded kid. it is so easy it is just wrong. i mean how hard is it to make these people look like nut bags? to make them contradict themselves, you just let them recite more then a verse or two. i do like when he jumped back in forth between people of the same religion and showed them completely contradicting themselves.i just think he could have done something a little more creative. the part with the neurologist talking about brain activity was never fleshed out. it could have been interesting to show brain scans of people during religious fits compared to drugs, or sex, or ???? he could have played more on the women all rejoicing over the passion play that looked more like a snuff scene in a new rob zombie movie. more could have gone into the history of john smith, the mormon founder who had quite the colorful past. delve into science v.s. religion. one is a very methodical, very strict process for increasing the confidence in theories. it builds on itself from a solid bottom up, a new layer on top of a more proved layer. an enormous burden of proof is required each step of the way. the other starts at the top and comes down with unchallengeable claims. it is so, because well i said so.done right i'd say turn it into an hbo original series hit a different religion every week.it was an eye opener about one thing. i must have been blind. good ole g.w.bush... no wonder he got elected. he had the religious majority. and well... now that is the blind leading the blind.bill moyer.. well.. what can i expect from a guy who hands out at sutra in newport beach?

this film is really only bill maher's interpretation of religion. there are several funny moments, and some interesting points, but don't go into this expecting an even-handed discussion of religion. this is what i consider to be the worst kind of documentary - everything is arranged ahead of time and in editing to provide you with the opinion of the director, rather than letting you make your own decision.editing - it's very chopped up, inter-spliced with clips from pop culture and the media to reinforce the point. the interviewee barely has a chance to finish a sentence before he is interrupted by the editing. the only people given a fair chance to speak their mind are those who say what bill maher wants them to say. once someone deviates from the gospel according to maher, they get edited.interviewees - they are meant to represent the absolute most extremist religions. from the tv evangelical to the ultimate jewish stereotype, to a truck stop chapel (seriously. a truck stop chapel). he's picked the worst money-grabbers, the heavy extremists, and those who don't have the budget to say no to pick on. and when he does get a good person to interview, he edits the hell out of them.stereotyping - all religions are portrayed as stereotypes. especially hard hit are the muslims. during the muslim segment, he barely gives anyone the chance to speak before interrupting them either himself, or through editing in pieces with suicide bombers. all muslims are portrayed as gun-toting extremists through the editing, and none of the people interviewed is edited fairly.ending - the message at the end is incredibly heavy-handed, and while it is an interesting idea, it's not presented with fairness to the countless people who are not religious extremists. bill maher explains himself while clips of destruction play in the foreground. this literally gives the message that religion is stupid and dangerous, and that it will destroy the world. he also states that everyone involved in religion is stupid.with the faults to the film, it has some good points, and the humor, while very unfair, is actually funny. but know going in, it is a very one-sided view, bill maher's view, of religion. he's not discovering anything. he's telling you what he thinks.4/10 - some good moments, but heavy-handed with an extremely irresponsible documentary style.

some funny bits, but come bill! a film? quoting zeitgeist? keep the tv show and the interviews, but a film? i'm probably overreacting but what a unnecessary provoking film... i don't know. i laughed, disagreed, agreed... this film is very confusing and inconsistent.bill's a funny guy... but also very cocky... bill's rhetoric is similar to bill hicks, a brilliant comedian. but like many comedians, the borderline between comedy and preaching can be annoying. i think that the major problem in this film is his lack of sensibility. this might be just a personal taste, but comedy that constantly demeans somebody cannot be taken as truth. bill is obviously emotionally reactive to religious fundamentalism. i agree with bill that religious fanaticism is not sensible, but the response to it cannot be sensible. it will create unnecessary turmoil. we can do better than just react to fundamentalism. his conclusion is that "we don't know" and he fervently tries to convince the spectator that nobody knows anything, to the point that the agnostic community has been concerned with his lack of serious research in comparative religion. his humility that he only knows that he doesn't, is a contradiction as he tries to insist that all religious thought is non-sense.i had great trouble seeing bits of zeitgeist, the movie in bill's film. all the astrotheology-influenced non-sense that simplifies all religions as the same is simply disappointing. zeitgeist has provoked a lot of controversy and has messed up the validity of so much of the valuable religion studies scholarship. it is very sad how wrong facts have been tossed around with no reliable scholarly sources. astro-mystic sources that reduce everything to "the stars say it all" seem to be from the middle ages. this film is a confusing statement from a confused "agnostic". agnosticism is far more complex and philosophically academic than defending every single issue as "we don't know".this film is an obvious proof of how postmodernism has been able to oversimplify and generalize major issues in human history.watch the film (it has hilarious interviews and bits) but please do not behave like bill. you cannot expect anybody to have a mature conversation if you are making sardonic comments in every other line. his arguing techniques are demeaning and insulting, provoking emotional reactions rather than rational and logical argumentation.. there needs to be a more mature way of dealing with these issues.

bill maher's religulous is not an attack on organized religion. it's an attack on christianity and islam. apart from ridiculing a bunch of rabbis inventing warped machines to get around sabbath regulations, he really doesn't attack judaism and seems enraged when a rabbi actually challenges the existence of the state of israel. if bill maher followed his hypothesis to its logical conclusion, he would realize that the very creation of israel in the palestinian territories is based on the so called 'holy books' of organized religion. this is evidence of his complete and utter lack of objectivity or focus in the creation of this film.i find it really hard to believe that the man is atheist or even all that intelligent. anyone can go up to a religious person and laugh at them and call them stupid for their beliefs but what do you have to offer them in return? nowhere does he actually tell them why he thinks they're stupid. what makes him the "rational" person in the room? in a way it reflects how he really isn't and in the process ends up looking just as stupid as those people.if you want to watch a good movie/documentary about the actual evils of religion and how religion can actually be detrimental to the human civilization, watch richard dawkins' 'root of all evil?'. it is a brilliantly researched documentary, clearly outlining what it hopes to achieve and how.bill maher's religulous is not funny, poses no interesting questions nor does it provide any insight on so controversial a topic. it seems to be the rantings and ravings of an old man disgruntled with his catholic upbringing. i almost feel sorry for him.

this was a disappointing film. the people seem to have no substance, the lead protagonist martin cahil has zero redemptive values, in fact everyone in it including jon voight epitomizes sleeze. i would not recommend this film to anyone. the violence is distasteful, though artfully done. the filming is to black, at least the print i saw fit this category. a disappointment.

a craven, cowardly film. director boorman shows cahill burglarizing rich houses, but the male occupant is shown being unfaithful with the nanny, thats all right then. the forensic scientist investigating cahill is blown up in his car, but he is rat faced sourpuss, and doesn't look like a nice man, so thats all right too. the beits, owner of russborrough house, made their money by exploiting 'darkies' digging up diamonds, so it's okay to rob priceless art from them and hide it in a bunker in the wicklow mountains. the garda kill his ferrets and are implicated in his murder. the moral equivalencing is sickening, boorman looks for a hit film, but doesn't have the guts to stand against the criminality of the generals gang, who terrorized the neighbourhood, and unleashed another wave of scumbags upon dublin. he even liaised with the generals son while making it. disgusting. shame on him for his cowardice.

like with any movie genre, there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies. if you asked me to name a good gangster movie, i'd have dozens to choose from. if you asked me to name a bad gangster movie, probably the first one to pop up in my mind is one that still has me in a sort of depression of disappointment about a week since i saw the film for the first and i promise you, the last time. that film is "the general", unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name. this is a very dry, very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story (it's more than easy to follow) but about why the filmmakers chose to make this rather flimsy endeavor.like "goodfellas" (1990) and "american gangster" (2007)two superior mob movies"the general" is based on real people and true events. the film revolves around an irish criminal named martin cahill (brendan gleeson) who started his long chain of crimes stealing food as a teenager and then moving up to robbing museums and houses as an adult. meanwhile, the police led by an inspector named kenny (jon voight) try desperately and vigorously to prove just one of his crimes and convict (or kill) him.perhaps because it's a film in the same category as the marvelous "goodfellas" (1990) and the first two "godfather" films, i was expecting too much from "the general." but that may be going too easy on it. this would have been a bad film had i not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before being swamped by boredom in this oater and its far-too-stretched running time of screaming bad scenes. let's start knocking the film by just looking at the style in which it is presented. for some reason, director john boorman and cinematographer seamus deasy selected to film this movie in black-and-white while its style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a full-fledged color film. now i have nothing against b/w pictures, not even ones made in modern-day times. "schindler's list" (1993) was more than ninety percent filmed in black-and-white and it's a masterpiece. "the general", made just five years after "schindler's list" is not. the cinematography is also far too blown out with high lighting keys that seem very distracting and give the movie a very video-game-like quality that i found simply annoying. the filmmakers were obviously going for a realist's documentary-like style, like "schindler's list" did, but they fail by making it seem too much like a documentary and at the same time, too much like a classic-style motion picture. performances in the film range from passable to poor. brendan gleeson and jon voight gave decent enthusiasm for their roles, but it seemed to me at times that even they were getting kind of run down by the awful screenplay from which they were quoting. the sound design is also very primitive, probably in an attempt to give it a 40s crime-noir appeal, but that also fails because again, it's made too much like a contemporary picture and seems vastly out of place.but the worst thing that occurs is that there's not onenot onecharacter in the film that i felt any emotions or opinions for. in fact, for every moment of every scene, the only thought going through my head was "okayso what?" moments that in a better film might come across as shocking or appalling are just dull and time-consuming here. i did not sympathize or hate the brendan gleeson character because the way the cahill character is written is simply flat and dull. gleeson just plays the common criminal and does not strike out with the impact the real martin cahill obviously did. if a character is killed off (as they always are in gangster films), we feel nothing. no remorse, no relief, no surprise, nothing. we just say "so what?" and that's all i did during the entire running time of this very flimsy, very poorly-made crime film.

this is one seriously disturbed movie. even though the boys deserved some of what they got.....the sadistic gruesome executions were "slightly" over the top. the only character showing some conscience early in the hunt was killed off before he could offer some help to the sad plot.at the beginning of the movie, there looked to be some promise of a mediocre affair, but this was just a ploy to lull the viewers into a false sense of security, before the joy of what was to come. the only thing that could have saved the movie for me was if jack nicholson had jumped out of the bushes and yelled, "and, where is the batman?". kim basinger could have screamed. now that would have been cool!

a seemingly endless movie that really deserves a zero rating. the premise seems simple enough: yentl, a girl interested in studying the talmud, wants to go to school. but only boys are allowed to study, so after her father's death she decides to disguise herself as a boy to get in. she does and becomes close friends with avigdor, who is to be married to a beautiful woman named hadass. hadass' family learns avigdor's brother committed suicide, and the wedding is called off. yentl, now calling herself anschel, is then selected to marry hadass. she does but it is never consummated. yentl/anschel and avigdor go away for a few days, and yentl/anschel reveals her secret to him. the movie ends with avigdor returning to (and marrying?) hadass, and yentl going to america to continue her studies although she will have to continue to do so in disguise.the plot above seems interesting at first for a movie over 2 hours long, but there are several things that ruin it. for starters, there is the constant singing. (i can already hear the critics shouting.) yes, i know this is a musical so there are supposed to be lots of songs and dance numbers. but the movie could have been improved if it were directed and played without them. the songs become tedious after a while, and there isn't as much dancing as one would expect. many of the songs are forgettable, with no real memorable lyrics, and those with any significance could easily have been substituted by a voice-over. only one song stands out from the rest, "papa can you hear me". it is obvious that most of the others were deliberately placed so streisand could simply have a reason to show off her vocal abilities every five to ten minutes. chances are anyone who will see this film will already know what a superb singer and actress she is, so the songs really aren't necessary. second, streisand's makeup, which can be seen during her scenes as a man (the lipstick, enhanced lashes, and traces of blush are all obvious) makes it hard for the audience to believe in the yentl/anschel character, that she is actually serious, and fooling her new friends, colleagues, and even hadass, into believing she is a man. yet we are asked and expected to believe that very thing. there seems to be a contradiction, as her character talks, or rather sings, of how she doesn't think she can pull it off, but is surprised that everyone seems to be fooled because she is wearing men's clothing. this means that we are then expected to believe the other characters are so naive they can't see the other differences, such as her actions, which are clear giveaways. the facial differences alone cannot be included, as other characters in the film mention that some of their male relatives or friends didn't have a beard or other facial hair. nevertheless, in the 1900s, if a woman dressed as a man, but wore as much makeup as streisand's character did, and still tried to pass herself off as a man solely because she wore men's clothing, it would have been deemed unacceptable and caused an outrage. chances are she would probably be forced to leave the town, or even the country. therefore the "feminine" makeup on streisand does not lend to the character's credibility, and only weakens the plot. if it was only applied to make streisand look more beautiful, it should have been scrapped. thirdly, when yentl/anschel herself reveals who she truly is toward the end, we are then asked to believe that the other characters are not as smart as streisand's and only when they learn the "truth" do they become a little wiser. by now it becomes more and more apparent that the whole plot is so far fetched that it is nothing more than a custom-made vehicle for streisand to fuel.lastly, there are those who are fans of streisand who will find no fault with this film, its plot, or the songs. to those i must respectfully disagree. while she has excellent vocal and acting abilities, i am not a "fan" of her style of singing. however, i have enjoyed many of her other features including musicals. there are even some songs of hers that i like, so i am not a "hater" nor have set out to bash her. i have written this review from an honest perspective, from someone who has tried their best to watch this movie - several times even - and has noted the problems within. if streisand was interested in creating a great or even believable film, she could have done so here by not injecting her need to show off and prove how talented, beautiful and smart she is at nearly every turn. this movie does nothing more than hurt her abilities, make her appear self-absorbed, and thus turn the film into a laugh-fest unworthy of her fans or audience.

this movie started out good, i felt like i was watching an adult version of seinfeld. much to quickly i started questioning the situations and actions of the main characters, and found no answers to why they were doing what they were doing. all the acting was superb but only a few scenes had brief moments where they were actually funny. dan cortese was amazing. i loved him in this role. his agent should show this movie to casting agents. watch the first few scenes and then find something better, or else you will find yourself totally lost in this mess. i found this in a bin at a video store. it cost me two dollars and due to the rareness of this movie i feel like it was a good price.

what a weekend. two days ago i watched the first half of "war games 2: dead code", now "while she was out". i am trying to come to a decision which one was worse in terms of pain in my mind while watching. i guess, "while she was out" was worse.it has all been said before in other comments: unrealistic, illogical etc. - the only thing i really have to add is that at some point i started feeling more for the evil guys than for the woman because i would have recommended her for a darwin award if she actually died (only watched first half, so i don't know). soon i was at two darwin awards (if that's even possible) for her immense stupidity.and, hey: produced by kim basinger? so she did not only know the script but was also responsible for bringing this waste of money to us, the people? i consider humans who waste considerable amounts of money to be evil because the money could have used to feed and clothe quite a few people instead of hurting 80 percent of those who saw it in the cinema and giving 20 percent, which are idiots, a good opportunity to show just how much of an idiot they are.

michael williams, who works for bbc, finds a somehow impressive italian picture which gets mixed in the material of his ongoing task titled diabolical art: a documentary. but since his wife's mysterious death her daughter, emily, has been emotionally disturbed, so he goes spoleto, where the problematic picture is, with her and her nanny, jill. and there is a countess, who is also a psychic, and she informs him that the picture was somehow made at the night that a young witch named emilia was executed. michael doesn't believe her story, but after that emily has hysterical spasm and jill is killed... this italian film is, of course, almost innocently influenced by the exorcist, but this one is much cheaper, much simpler,and in a sense, much dirtier. first of all, it should be said this film is full of confusion. for instance, the story shows emily is a reincarnation of emilia. but when emily sees her in the flashbacks, she perceives her exclusively from a third-person's point of view. but if she is the reincarnation of emilia, she should and must see the past from nothing but emilia's point of view. confusions of this kind, which the film has many, are almost exclusively based upon a problematic fact that the film is too cowardly, rather than ambivalent, to specify its own quasi-freudian theme, namely, pre-adolescent girl's one-way incestuous wish. to make matters worse, this film also has characteristic problem (if not confusion); every character is too naive and helpless to be realistic and/or believable living human. regarding emily (or emilia), she is after all a child, and one can say it is difficult to blame her mainly for her naiveness and helplessness. (and according to the freudian theory, every girl wants to have her father's child(ren) in her own way. in this sense, emily is not exclusively pathological; only her way of excluding other women from her father's love is problematically pathological. but, as i already mentioned, this film per se is too cowardly to be freudian.) the problem is that adult characters are as childish and naive and helpless as emily is. and because of this characteristic weakness even the psychic who can see almost everything cannot do anything down-to-earth, and because of the same weakness the very story of the film is ended in a badly escapist way. in addition, special effects of this film are incredibly cheap and laughable. although stelvio cipriani's music is noteworthily beautiful (indeed this one is so good that it seems to be worth having it alone), the film as a whole is nothing but a cheap b-film which can disappoint even the 1970s'-italian- horror-film-lovers.

i saw this movie, and at times, i was unnerved believing this movie 'saw me.' munchie sullies the 'farce' for years to come. re-watch star wars, don't-watch munchie.as a responsible parent (i'm speaking to those who are parents now), i (you) would not let my (your) child ever partake of this video festival of the pseudo-occult. to insinuate munchie is satanic, to a co-viewer, is likely to illicit a chilled 'duh.' he is fiendish, alien, rodential, and wholly malevolent - like the bogey man made flesh, invisible to adults, tempting children with lifestyles they could never afford (without the income made possible by years of self denial and prudent stewardship). he is a peddler of easy answers, and false ideals. he is everything the morally conscious viewer is not. he is the devil's own ron popeil.i pray (i mean this literally and figuratively, with an emphasis on the former) that this movie has not made the format jump to dvd. it is my hope that this type of 'yellow film making' died an un-mourned death in the cold nights of 1994.munchie also loves pizza. i forgot to mention that. it comes up a lot.

terrible story, poor acting and no humour at all (apart from the final joke at the end)some sort of ugly angel is sent to earth to save a boy and his mum from being thrown out of their home. supposed to be a kiddies movie, but even they will not be amused by this terrible film

i just don't see how a concorde-new horizons film directed by jim wynorski and featuring the acting talents of andrew stevens and a puppet could be bad. it just boggles the mind, doesn't it?well, let's make no mistake about it. "munchie strikes back" is indeed a bad film. munchie is a puppet who has been around for many centuries. for reasons not fully explained until the end of the film, he is sent to earth to help a single mother and her son. the mom's problem (her main problem at least) is that she has a balloon payment due on her mortgage in two weeks...to the not-so-tiny tune of $20,000. ouch. she can't come up with the money because she just got fired. ok...just is the key word in that sentence. what the...? was she planning on paying it off with a single paycheck? maybe it would've been a good idea to have spent the last several years saving up for it...ya think?munchie has magical powers similar to those a genie would possess...but there isn't a limit on the number of wishes you can make! munchie gets the boy a bunch of fancy stuff for one night but then the kid asks for it to be sent back to the mall munchie was "borrowing" it from. the annoying furball also uses his otherworldly skills to help the boy win a baseball game by means of cheating. a baseball is hit so hard that it orbits the earth several times. sadly, those dumb parents watching the game don't think it's at all strange. hmm.anyway, i'd like to wrap this up because this has already drained away enough of my lifeforce as it is. you'll be truly moved by the scene where leslie-anne down, playing the mother, kicks a dog which is yapping at her. your heart will melt at her charm when she notices dollar bills fluttering down on her front yard and she wonders how it could be snowing during the summer. "munchie strikes back"'s credits promised another film to follow entitled, i believe, "munchie hangs ten". to date, the movie viewing public has been robbed of what would surely have been a cinematic tour de force. heh. 1/10

i think that it was just pointless to produce a second part of a movie like "my girl". "my girl" was a very good movie but it is ridiculous making a second part of a movie in which one of the main characters (macaulay culkin as thomas j.) dies. the story was over after the first movie. i wonder why someone tried to find a way to make the story going on. that was senseless!

if you want to know what kind of music white people listened to in 1974, this is the movie for you. but you'll have to listen to a lot of flutes and violins, too (see my remarks on my girl 1 for the reference).indulgent admission: i approached my girl 2 with cynicism and annoyance, having just viewed its predecessor. but as an adoptee preparing to finally set upon a search for my birthmother, my girl 2 made me look, with its theme of searching for mother.put another way, anything i liked about my girl 2 had nothing whatsoever to do with my girl 2, but relating to a protagonist who asks, like so many adoptees, "who's my mama"? and if there are home movies of my mom in an acting troupe, i'll be sure to make my own movie about it.people are listless. movies should not be listless. my girl 2 (like my girl 1) is just...listless.avoid unless you're a complete sap who's comforted by a series of small annoyances.

i've seen about four other japanese horror films and they weren't too impressive. however, i could sense that there was a sensible script guiding the way.not here, no way. this is about a detective who is trying to tie together similar murders that have been happening. when he finds a suspect to question, the suspect freaks out because they keep seeing a ghost. then, the ghost starts to follow the detective around for a reason that is never explained and takes up more than half of the movie.bad enough? oh no. the film keeps switching perspectives to different characters who don't have much to do with the story. i've seen this before in other movies where it shows a different perspective. not the case here.also, whatever is happening on screen that is actually tolerable quickly ends. for example, there a few scenes with a slight instrumental score that builds up and...then it just cuts to another scene. i'm aware that this can be a dramatic effect. that's definitely not the intention here. it's just bad editing.finally, there's the "ghost" who just screams in a way that's not scary or unintentionally funny. it's annoying and it happens a lot throughout the movie.all of the scares have been done before in better ways so you can see them all coming. then after one of them, the movie is over. at that point, a wave of confusion swept over the audience as i could sense we all felt that we had wasted our time. someone did a mock clap and laughter ensued. it was better than the whole film. simply put, avoid.

the japenese sense of pacing, editing and musical score must be different than american tastes, but surely this movie could have been so much more with a little more post production work.someone in hollywood needs to re-make this movie and i think it would be a big hit. the story is interesting and creepy. there's something about the edges of the city, gritty policemen, earthquakes, sanitariums and mysterious saltwater killings that is enough to be captivating. however, this story has to make just a little bit of sense and maybe be about 40 minutes shorter.i do have to say that the "sixth-sense" effect was in full force in this movie, and that was evident from the very beginning.as it stands, only the die-hard japanese film lovers should bother seeing this oh-so-boring movie.

this kiyoshi kurosawa ghost movie is pretty wild, and it did have at least one jump scare that caught me off guard. but all in all, the movie is incredibly stupid, with a detective trying to track down a suspected serial killer, only to find out he may have committed one of the crimes. then he finds himself haunted by a gorgeous asian lady ghost, and has no idea why (and neither does the viewer). as other murders are committed, he becomes even more confused as the killers are easily found, and this ghost still haunts him for some reason. not only is the plot completely stupid, the lady ghost is more funny than anything, especially when she suddenly flies across the city, like wonder woman. and the ending makes little sense, in fact, the whole movie makes little sense, and i can't recommend it at all. if it didn't take itself so serious, i would think it was supposed to be a black comedy. outside of "bright future" this is the worst movie directed by kiyoshi kurosawa i have seen yet.

screenwriter lisa lutz began writing the screenplay at the age of 21 in 1991 is she even in business? if someone gave her another chance after this piece of crap, she's up for the most fortunate person of ever award.this movie sucks to no end...it never ceases to amaze me what the turn into movies...and the fact that they made this writer put it off for a bit? seriously? i can write better crap than this in my sleep.ok, so how many lines to i have to type? i don't get this at all. i guess i"m a newbie. i guess i don't understand why there should ever be a limit to what anyone has to say...or a quota? seriously, i don't care if you have a one word sentence...or even a one word response. i mean, c'mon? thanks...is this enough, finally?this movie is worthless.

simply put, this is the worst movie since "police academy: mission to moscow" (if you liked that movie you will probably like this one).what were they thinking ? some ideas should stay just that, an idea. the fact that this idea could itself to film should be a criminal offense.what was so bad about it i hear you ask. one word ... everything.cost to hire: $4.50 cost in time to watch: 89 minutesi want a refund on both!

it is obviously illegal. pedophiles pray on stuff like this. how did they get away with making such a movie? this movie is all summed up in one word, sick. where do people get off making, and watching these kinds of films. as i was watching the movie i didn't actually think they would allow this kid that is say maybe 12 if that actually sleep with this woman. sorry if this is a spoiler to you but i would have rater not seen this. where has the sanity of these people gone? maybe the makers of this movie are pedophiles? our society today is filled with all types of sexual predators that pray upon children, yet film makers make these types of movies that do nothing but provoke this type of behavior. i noticed that on a previous comment someone asked if there was a version where it showed them naked. this is a kid here, and someone is asking something like this? what is wrong with this picture?

back in my days as an usher "private lessons" played at the 4-plex i was working. it was a sleeper hit selling out friday and saturday nights for several weeks. i never got around to seeing it but saw that it was on cable this last weekend, so i decided to give it a shot. what i witnessed for the next 90 minutes was one of the worst movies i have ever seen and one that made me terribly uncomfortable to watch.the basic story is a teenage boy lusts after his sexy maid (sylvia kristel). she, too, seems to feel an attraction towards the boy but for more sinister reasons. so we get scenes of the boy watching her undress and her inviting him in to watch. and it goes from there.eric brown, as the teenage boy, has to be one of the worst actors i have ever seen. his "scared" reactions to every time sylvia takes off a piece of clothing or when she touches him are horrible. i didn't laugh a single time during this piece of junk.and let's not get started on the subplot of the maid and chauffeur planning to extort money from the kid. let's just say it involves faking a death, burying a body.... i could go on and on but it gets more ridiculous.the sex scenes are the worst i have ever seen. even though eric brown was older then he looked, the fact is he looks like a baby. it appears he has no idea how to kiss a woman (if that was acting then maybe i should re-think my criticisms of brown) and it just came too close to bordering on child pornography to be erotic. i have never been so turned off by a sex scene even though miss kristel is quite beautiful with and without clothes.**spoiler warning** i must make mention of the last scene. to me it's just plain sick but i can remember audiences cheering as the film freeze framed and dissolved into credits. our hero returns to school and begins a flirtation with one of the female teachers. he asks her out for dinner and she gives him a look as if tom cruise has just asked her out. she nods affirmatively and he walks away, smiling at the camera in triumph. give me a break! yes i am sure teachers all over would just risk everything for a plain looking teenage kid.i will never understand the appeal this film had in 1982. certainly it was more then the nudity because there were plenty of teen sex comedies with nudity that bombed at the box office. and to think that these same teenagers that cheered that movie 22 years ago are now working their way up corporate ladders and possibly helping to run this country. that is a scary thought.

let's put political correctness aside and just look at this in terms of the numerous sex comedies that came out in the 1980's because i for one don't think this is any better or any worse than the others. unless your some religious kook or an uptight female you can probably view a silly film such as this without getting all worked up about the content and i personally had a totally innocuous feeling towards this before and after watching it. story is set in albuquerque, new mexico where a rich 15 year old boy named phillip "philly" fillmore (eric brown) is naturally horny as hell and starts spying on the attractive maid that has just started working for his father.*****spoiler alert***** nicole mallow (sylvia kristel) is friendly to philly but things heat up when his father goes out of town on business and she starts to flirt with him to the point where she invites him into her bedroom to watch her undress. philly is awkward and doesn't know how to react at first but soon he goes for it and has sex but than to his horror it seems that nicole has died from a heart attack! with the help from the sleazy chauffeur lester lewis (howard hesseman) they seemingly have buried her body but a note from a blackmailer shows up and philly must get $10,000 out of his father's safe. philly is shocked when nicole shows up and he learns that the whole thing was an extortion plan set up by lester and that she only went along with it because she's an illegal alien and if she didn't do what she was told lester would have called the immigration office. together they try to get his father's money back before he returns home and they enlist the help from jack (ed begley jr.) who is a tennis instructor but pretends to be a cop to scare lester.this little comedy was made for less than $3 million but it grossed over $50 million worldwide and made it one of the least likely films during that time to be so successful which prompts me to wonder why this was a hit and not any of the others in the genre. director alan myerson can boast that he made a hit film but the truth is that he never really had a career in films although he did go on to be very successful in television. so...why did this become so successful? i have a thought that it just may be because of kristel and before you decide that i'm crazy listen to my reasoning. kristel was an international star because of her soft core films so that reason alone made many free thinking adults curious about viewing her in an american film that was getting a wide release. with that, the same adults would also be nostalgic about their own youth and the fantasy of being taught the ways of lovemaking by an attractive older woman which brings in the much younger audience members who are probably still very inexperienced and curious about the film. anyway, that's my thought and if anyone has another reason i would love to hear it but back to the film itself it's apparent (and very sad) that a film like this could probably never get made again (except in europe) because of the religious right and the other prudish freaks who just can't come to terms with the fact that a teenage boy getting laid will not do him any harm. in fact, it's a valuable service that all boys pray will happen to them! the film itself is clumsy and kristel's body double is all too evident in certain scenes especially if you take careful note of the difference in their nipples. the story (although intriguing in it's basic form) is neither very funny or revealing so were left ogling the nude scenes that are really the norm for the genre.

one of the those "coming of age" films that should have nostalgia for adults and promise for the kids. this movie has neither. it is a poor excuse to let sylvia kristel's body double frolic with a dorky eric brown. to make matters worse, the movie is either silly or stupid when it tries to be funny, sexy, or dramatic. laugh awkwardly as we are supposed to believe that a teenager would go alone with burying a dead woman in his front yard. ponder vigorously on why a woman famous for emmanuelle needs a body double. as the movie went on and on, i started to imagine a hybrid of private lessons and little miss millions that had sylvia kristel seduce jennifer love hewitt as howard hesseman makes us nostalgic for wkrp. watch this to laugh at other people's stupidity, or for ed begley jr.'s committed performance, or to wonder what sylvia kristel would look like with jennifer love hewitt. but i can give you an idea of your lesson, stay away from movies staring sylvia kristel that are not emmanuelle.

the film looks super on paper. a romantic comedy in which a frantic lover gets dragged into a smuggling thriller should be generic cross-breeding gold, especially with this excellent romcomic cast.i'm afraid lawrence kasdan simply gives his two stars too much rope though and they duly go and hang themselves. adam brooks' script may well be to blame but you'd expect better from the kevin kline of a fish called wanda. instead the two ping-pong off one another and the unlikely burgeoning romance is never reconciled satisfactorily with the reason either of them are in and dashing around france.jean reno co-stars amiably as the cop-with-a-heart and i guess wishes he was a star-with-a-part. mind you he went on to do those pink panther remake(s!) so perhaps he was ok with this... 3/10

god, i am so sick of the crap that comes out of america called "cartoons"!since anime became popular, the usa animators either produce a cartoon with a 5-year-old-lazy-ass style of drawing (kappa mikey) or some cheep japanese animation rip-off. (usually messing up classic characters) no wonder anime is beating american cartoons! they are not even trying anymore! oh, i just heard of this last night; i live in the uk and when i found out this show first came out in 2005,well, i never knew the uk was so up-to-date with current shows.

i think this piece of garbage is the best proof that good ideas can be destroyed, why all the american animators thinks that the kids this days wants stupid gi joe versions of good stories??? the looney tunes are some of the most beloved characters in history, but they weren't created to be xtreme, i mean come on!!! tiny toons was a great example of how an old idea can be updated without loosing it's original charm, but this piece of garbage is just an example of stupid corporate decisions that only wants to create a cheap idiotic show that kids will love because hey!!! kids loves superheroes right??? the whole show is only a waste of time in which we see the new versions of the looney tunes but this time in superhero form, this doesn't sound too bad but the problem is that this show tries too hard to copy series like batman the animated series, or the new justice league, the result??? bad copies of flash (the road runner) or superman (who else??? bugs bunny) the problem is that looney tunes weren't meant to be dramatic, the were supposed to be funny!!!! as i said before this series sucks, and many people wonders why anime is taking all over the world??? this show tries to be dramatic and action packed, but that's something that few series and anime are able to do, if you want to see a good upgrade of an old show watch tiny toons, that's an example that it's possible to bring back to life old characters, but with a good story and respecting the original roots. too bad that show is already dead, another corporate wise decision i suppose.

"loonatics unleashed " is the worst thing that could happen to the classic characters created by chuck jones . the "loony tunes" have many spin -offs and different versions , some were good ,others not very much .but "loonatics " it's the worst .the concept is stupid and derivative of shows as "the power rangers " and "teen titans " . there wasn't any similarity with the original characters and the stories are boring and poorly made . the new designs are ugly and the animation is pathetic . this show just doesn't work .this horrible waste of animation is a complete failure and this shouldn't have be nothing more than a bad joke . lame ! zero stars

loony tunes have ventured (at least) twice into the future. the first time was with the brilliantly funny "duck dodgers". the latter time was with this  um  effort. "loonatics unleashed" isn't without merit, and might be considered a good product were it not that it isn't up to warner brothers quality. wb cartoons are noted for their cheeky humor, appealing at least as much to adults as to children. these pedestrian superhero episodes, on the other hand, cannot fail to convince adults to pass them up.the premise of the series is that 6 ordinary individuals (2 bunnies, a tasmanian devil, a duck, a roadrunner, and a coyote) live on the "city-planet" of acmetropolis and acquire super powers when a meteor strikes the planet in 2772. what's confusing is that the titles section features these individuals with a count-up to 2772 from the 21st century. cute, but frelling stupid.in each episode, the super sextet  amid mildly amusing but essentially banal banter  fight various super villains. for the most part, these are types that appear in every mediocre superhero adventure series and even some of the better ones. like many mediocre superhero series, this one takes its villains far too seriously for the context. and of course these guys are the only characters that laugh  the usual evil laugh, of course. why is it that villains in predictable superhero adventures always  always  laugh evilly at every opportunity? animated material of this sort seems to leave laughter exclusively in the province of villains and (occasionally) their henchpeople and/or henchthings.in point of fact, the makers of this series missed their best bets right from the get-go. the superpowers of the characters are sometimes based on their previous normal abilities, but sometimes not. the problem here is that we don't see enough wb looniness. lexi and ace have fairly ordinary biologically generated energy weapons and have virtually no personality traits one could describe as "bugs-like". what we have here is basically the silly and drekish "teen titans", including its overly "modern" animation "look", but with animals. feh.the other misstep by the program's creators is (or are) the villains. as noted before, these are not terribly imaginative and do the evil-laugh bit excessively. amazingly, the writers totally missed the obvious technique of making villains from stock wb characters as well as the protagonists. adding to the fun could have been, say, jupiter sam  as well as the fudd, still hunting wabbits  as well as tech e. coyote converted into a really neurotic villain  and so on. ah, the sadness of missed opportunities.sadly, this whole production has gone into too much overtime (that is, a 2nd season). nevertheless, we can rejoice that there's something new out there for the 14-going-on-9 crowd. the rest of us can hope for a 3rd season of duck dodgers.

"well chuck jones is dead, lets soil his characters by adding cheap explosions, an american drawn anime knock off style, and give them superpowers". "but sir?, don't we all ready have several shows in the works that are already like this? much less don't dump all over their original creators dreams". "yes! and those shows make us a bunch of cash, and we need more!". "but won't every man women and child, who grew up with these time less characters, be annoyed?". "hay you're right! set it in the future, make them all descendent's of the original characters, and change all the names slightly...but not too much though, we still need to be able to milk the success of the classics".well that's the only reason i can think of why this even exists. if you look past the horrible desecration of our beloved looney toons, then it looks like an ok show. but then there is already the teen titan's, which is the same bloody thing. all the characters are dressed like batman, they drive around in some sort of ship fighting super villains, they have superpowers, only difference is they sort of talk like the looney tunes and have similar names and character traits.this kind of thing falls into the "it's so ridiculous it's good" kind of category. think of the super mario brother's movie, and batman and robin. if you want to laugh for all the wrong reasons, check this out. if you are of the younger generation (what this thing is actually intended for), and can look pass the greedy executives shamelessness, then run with it and enjoy.if you enjoy this cartoon i don't have a problem with you, it's the people who calculated this thing together that i am mad at. you know how they say piracy is like stealing a car; this show is like grave robbing. they might as well of dug up all the people involved with the original cartoon, shoved them on a display, dressed them up inerr pirate costumes, and charged money. if this show wasn't using characters (ones that didn't resemble the looney toons in anyway whatsoever) that have already made the studios millions, then this would be fine. but no! for shame warner brothers, for shame.if i saw this thing as a 30 second gag on an episode of the simpson's or family guy, i would love it. as it is i just can't believe this was ever made. i would bet anyone that 80% of the people who work on this show hate it. but whatever it doesn't really matter, in 10 years this show will have been forgotten, while the originals will live on foreveror at least until the world ends."coming 2008, snoopy and the peanut gang are back, and now they have freaking lasers and can turn invisible! can charley brown defeat the evil alien warlord zapar? tune in and see."

there will be a time where kids will have grown up without ever seeing the one and only bugs bunny kiss (technically) another man on the lips. there will be a time where it won't be duck or rabbit season. there will be a time where the tazmanian devil will be dubbed politically incorrect.but so help me now is not that time.nobody really wants an 'extreme' version of our beloved loony characters. whoever it is in marketing who comes up with "corn nuts: corn gone wrong" and "extreme doritos" and evidently this festering turd should know that just because they have a degree in business or advertising or whatever doesn't mean they know jack about kids.i think that they're doing a disservice to children, depriving them of one of the greatest and most iconic shows of all time. this show disgusts me, and it's not just the dated artwork or terrible dialogue. they misuse good voice talent, like phil lamarr, michael clarke duncan, candi milo, and so many others. it lacks style, humor, character development, and most importantly, heart.the show, like it's repackaged characters (slam tasmanian, rev runner, ace bunny) is but a shadow of it's former, timeless and beautiful self.

they probably should have called this movie the map because the majority of the whole stupid film is revolved around a map of a cemetery. not to mention how many of the same boring shots of the map there are. the only thing they show more than the map itself is the little beads of sweat that is constantly building up on the forehead of our main character. this of course was the film makers way of showing us how incredibly tense things are getting up on the immortal hills cemetery. come on now , couldn't they have shown us just one of the death scenes? we hear a whole lot about how everyone who is listed on the map is dropping like flies but we don't get to see anything. some how i bury the living manged to keep my attention so i was fairly generous with the rating i gave it but i will not recommend this movie to anyone. unless you have a deep fascination with maps or sweat i recommend renting a better i movie , such as i spit on your grave or i drink your blood.

this movie could have been great(cause its got a somewhat fascinating premise) but it never rises above sheer caricature. the acting is severely flawed and there were moments where i cringed so severely that i thought i was going to fall of my seat in the theater. never and i mean never watch this godawfull piece of .... danish cinema has been getting a lot of good pr the recent years but if this piece of .... crosses the border i'm afraid nobody sane will ever want to rent a danish movie. this movie is the reason why i chose to register here. i really felt i needed to steer people away from this piece of .... my sympathies go out to the people who already went to the cinema to watch this

i had high expectations of this movie (the title, translated, is "how we get rid of the others"). after all, the concept is great: a near future in which the ruling elite has taken the consequence of the right-wing government's constant verbal and legislative persecution of so-called freeloaders and the left wing in general, and decided to just kill off everyone who cannot prove that they're contributing something to the establishment (the establishment being called "the common good", but actually meaning the interests of the ruling capitalist ideology).very cool idea! ideal for biting satire! only, this movie completely blows its chance. the satire comes out only in a few scenes and performances of absurdity, but this satire is not sustained; it is neither sharp nor witty. and for an alleged comedy, the movie has nearly no funny scenes. the comedy, i assume, is supposed to be in the absurdity of the situations, but the situations are largely uncomfortable and over-serious, rather than evoking either laughter or thought.the script is rife with grave errors in disposition. the action should have focused on the political aspects and how wrong it would be to do such a thing, but instead oodles of time are spent on a young woman who was the one that wrote the new laws for fun, and who's trying to save everybody, by organizing a resistance that ships people to africa. all this is beside the point! a movie like this should not pretend to be so serious! it's a satire! a political statement. but it doesn't even begin to actually address the problem it's supposed to be about. maybe it was afraid of going too far? how cowardly. that's not art. it's not even real satire.søren pilmark, a very serious and by now one of denmark's absolutely senior actors, was very good. he largely carried what little entertainment value the movie had. everybody else: nothing special (well, perhaps except for lene poulsen, who did supply a convincing performance).in fact, a problem with most danish movies is that the language never sounds natural. neither the formulation nor the delivery. why is it so difficult to make it sound right? why must it be so stilted and artificial? i hope, when people look at these movies fifty years from now, they don't think that this was how people talked in general danish society.3 out of 10.

the script is so so laughable... this in turn, makes the actors' lines sound stiff and unrealistic and not to be believed. there's repetition of phrases -- "my sweet little god daughter" and minor variations of that line which comes to mind... and it's just sloppy soap opera dialog.worse yet, the music is so wrong! plus, the main bluesy "theme" is horribly quaint and entirely wrong for this. and it feels overused mostly because the instrumentation, texture and arrangement of this theme never changes, even when the scene's emotional context does.subsequently, whenever it appears, it sticks out like a sore thumb as the main transition from one scene to another.the music's corny, and it's as if the writer were writing music for a soap or a sitcom -- a low budget 80's canadian sitcom at that -- and this makes it feel as if we're always on the brink of throwing to a commercial.this is so miscast, there's a lot of overacting and it's a real stretch that so many of these characters are employing only one type of ny accent -- a thick bronx accent. i don't know if it's a question of the actors' limited capacity in only knowing *one* ny accent -- or whether it's a question of the director's ability to notice such an glaring anomaly.in the end, it's the amateur script with it's leaden lines which makes this entire "movie"... blow. when any foundation is shaky and unstable, it's impossible to build upon it without it's flaws revealing themselves in exponentially more damaging and unflattering ways.

i don't remember seeing another murder/mystery movie as bad as this. this movie, about a medical examiner who investigates his friend's mysterious death in a car accident, has the complete receipt for a bad movie: bad acting, boring story, lack of suspense, poor humor and no drama. i remembered seeing this movie on pax, a tv station notable for dishing out low-budgeted and campy made-for-tv movies such as this one. tv movies, of course, do not have the edge factor or the suspense as movies from the big screen. but, this movie sure hit all sour tastes. the makers of this movie have missed out on an opportunity to making "receipe for murder" a great tv movie; the title does offer some suspense.so, if you want a good recipe, don't watch this movie. this movie alone can kill your tv appetite.grade f

the good thing about this that's at least fresh: almost no movies about dance music and the club scene (if even made) hit the cinemas. and it radiates lots of energy too, from the music to the portrayal of ibiza.but the main problem is that it can't decide what it wants to be. although it definitely likes to be a mockumentary in the line of this is spinal tap, the makers also realized they wouldn't want to play copycat. however, it fails grossly on the jokes because it's not very well written and most characters are underdeveloped. and it has no arc in its script and directing to make it to 90 minutes, so why not edit it down to 75? the production department and cinematography still try to save the day (e.g. paul's home).in a strange way and unexpectedly so it's all gone pete tong works much better as a simple drama in the line of almost famous. especially the scenes with beatriz batarda offer some acting power.conclusion: it's a mess, it somewhat entertains at a basic level, but you better spend a night in your favorite club.

this collection really sucks!i rented it, thinking i´d really would enjoy some good fighting. man this sucked! quick flashy cuts, an extremely annoying speaker, and the fights them selves were heavily edited and shortened (i´m thinking especially of jet li´s fight in fists of legend and jackie chan´s fight from drunken master 2).and what´s the deal with those brawling streetfighters?! what´s so "cool" about that? i´ve seen more interesting fights on martial law!this a stupid collection of cuts for stupid people.do not ever buy this film! do not encourage the people who made this crap to make more of this crap!instead, go buy the movies the fights were from and wath the fights in their uncut glory!

just because someone is under the age of 10 does not mean they are stupid. if your child likes this film you'd better have him/her tested. i am continually amazed at how so many people can be involved in something that turns out so bad. this "film" is a showcase for digital wizardry and nothing else. the writing is horrid. i can't remember when i've heard such bad dialogue. the songs are beyond wretched. the acting is sub-par but then the actors were not given much. who decided to employ joey fatone? he cannot sing and he is ugly as sin.the worst thing is the obviousness of it all. it is as if the writers went out of their way to make it all as stupid as possible. great children's movies are wicked, smart and full of wit - films like shrek and toy story in recent years, willie wonka and the witches to mention two of the past. but in the continual dumbing-down of american more are flocking to dreck like finding nemo (yes, that's right), the recent charlie & the chocolate factory and eye-crossing trash like red riding hood.

creepy & lascivious wolf. the young "red" is wearing full make-up, and extremely short shorts & robe. got about 20 minutes through and realized it could be a pedophile's dream come true. the "up-beat" music sounds a lot like something i'd hear at a strip club. i actually think this movie is a sick joke - it's not a family movie. gross, glad i was watching this with my daughter, i don't want her to think it's normal for families to view quasi kiddie porn together. very bad, very sad it's sold as a family film, joey fatone will probably be embarrassed he was in it. and what's with advertising it as a "special effects spectacular"??? the effects do look low budget, gawd awful.

relying on the positive reviews above, we saw a free screening of this last night. now i know that filmmakers plant positive reviews, because there is no way an objective individual could have written these. "destined to become a 'cult classic'"?? the theater was packed, apparently with friends and families of the production crew, because only a few of us walked out by the first hour.the songs were the most literal i've ever heard in a musical  "don't take the short cut, honey, there's a wolf in the woods..". debi mazar's eyes blinked furiously as she struggled to sing. fortunately, most of the tunes lasted for only a few lines.now, whoever plays the wolf in this tale should be charming and seductive. instead, we get joey fatone, ex n'syncer, living up to his last name as he's not aged well. he's not exactly lithe with his extra 50 pounds and junior high school-quality makeup and out-of-tune singing. seriously, this guy was in vocal group? the rest of the actors are semi-adequate, but can't do much about the unimaginative script. you know, it is possible to write for adults and children at the same time  see under "pixar".on the positive side, the virtual sets looked nice and were well-integrated with the actors. and it wasn't as offensive as "crash".

the creativeness of this movie was lost from the beginning when the writers and directors left out a good story line, only to substitute with horrible special affects. this movie seemed to be focused on amusing children, but couldn't even accomplish that. many small low budget films have the potential to become great movies, but this movie is no where near that. fortunately this will be another film easily made, and easily forgotten. this movie was probably a chance for the actors to make a little money on the side until their chance came along for a real role in a good movie. anyone who has a shred of respect for films, should avoid seeing this movie at all costs.

this film is really vile. it plays on the urban paranoia of the 70s/80s and puts it into a school context. i'm not saying that urban crime wasn't a problem for a lot of people or that schools weren't/aren't problem areas but this vile piece of exploitation takes the biscuit. violence is beyond anything realistically imaginable but in this case it's not a case of social issues but a white, upper-middle class student uses it to turn himself into the crime kingpin of his local high schoiol. and of course he knows how to play the system. does that sound familiar. yes. this turd is pure violent exploitation, a really nasty piece of work. it's disturbing brutality dressed up as a social comment. this belongs in the same category as trash like exterminator, death wish 2-5 and so on and so on. the only remarkable thing is that michael fox was so broke at the time that he had to do stuff like this.

spencer tracy and katherine hepburn would roll over in their graves if they knew this guess who's coming to dinner rip off was actually in theaters. along with sidney poitier and katherine houghton these four brilliant actors made a great cultural statement with director stanley kramer's 1967 master piece. this present day rip off is a joke. so a white guy from an overly stereotyped italian family in rhode island brings his african american girlfriend home (insert gasp here) to his grand father's funeral. his family members reactions were of course....predictable. this movie was so painfully telegraphed from start to finish my girlfriend actually started fake snoring to signal to me that she wanted to leave. do yourself a favor and rent the original. take a pass on wake.

while some performances were good-victoria rowell, adrienne barbeau, and the two italian girlfriends come to mind-the story was lame and derivative, the emphasis on the girlfriend's racial background was handled clumsily at best, and the relatives were mostly portrayed as stereotypes, not as real people. i found myself wincing uncomfortably at many moments that were supposed to be funny. i can hardly comprehend why the local paper here in sf said this was a good movie, and wonder who posted the glowing review here on imdb. very disappointed in this movie, and mad i actually went to a theatre to see it, based on the faulty connection to garden state, which is a far funnier, more inventive, and touching movie than this one. i must especially mention the emotional climax in the church, which was so wooden and by-the-numbers that i nearly left, and some in the audience actually did. that was followed by a silly climax at the graveyard, which i saw coming 10 minutes before it happened. i really don't like being misled to spend my money so uselessly.

if you haven't seen this, it's terrible. it is pure trash. i saw this about 17 years ago, and i'm still screwed up from it.

this film is so ridiculously idiot that you may actually laugh at it. but no, even this is too much for this lost meters of celluloid. i found it as an offer in a magazine and that's why i've seen it. i regret the time i lost to see this. 1 out of 10 (because they don't have a lower grade).

it is hard to make an unbiased judgment on a film like this that had such an impact on me at such a young age. this is with out a doubt the worst kind of exploitation film. i was unfortunate enough to see this film for the first time in my youth, iwill never forget it. i thought it was the most horrible movie ever made. i then saw it again earlier this year and was once again horrified.i am not a zealot or one to say what others should and should not see but i did take great offense to the way in which something as horrible as rape was dealt with in this movie. i love lowbrow cinema but this is just plain nasty. rent some rus myer instead.

lipstick is another glossy movie failure.i am trying to think of one good thing that i could say about the movie, and i am having trouble coming up with something.i guess the red dress that margaux hemingway was wearing in the end of the movie was the best part.the writing and the script was not the worst that i have ever encountered,but it could have been a lot better. lipstick was very pleasing to the eye to view.the sets were very glossy and nice to look at.the cast was okay. i felt like anne bancroft's character was the only feasible character in the entire movie.it was sad to see chris sarandon waste his time on this one.

**warning: possible spoiler**if you can get by the extremely unpleasant subject matter, this film does offer a heaping helping of outrageously campy melodrama. surprisingly enough, this movie has been copied and ripped-off several times over the years, although it's hard to fathom any filmmaker being inspired by this trashy drama. neither one of the hemingway women can act here (although mariel has improved over the years), anne bancroft offers the only touch of class as a prosecuting attorney, and chris sarandon is by turns pathetic and unintentionally hilarious as the smirking, smarmy bad guy of the piece.veteran director lamont johnson can't make a silk purse out of this sow's ear of a script, which is stuffed to bursting with howlingly bad dialogue and outlandish situations. for example, the final sequence, where margaux grabs her shotgun and chases sarandon down after his latest shocking act is meant to be exciting but elicits hearty chuckles instead. add a notoriously shrill and spacy musical score by michel polnareff and you have a true guilty pleasure, even though you're likely to feel grubby and needing a hot shower after viewing it. don't say you weren't warned.

model chris mccormack (margaux hemingway) is brutally raped by a teacher (chris sarandon) of her sister kathy (mariel hemingway). he is brought to trial but goes totally free. he then rapes kathy!objectionable and sick rape film. this movie was advertised as an important drama dealing with rape. what it is is a badly written and (for the most part) badly acted drama. it purports to be sympathetic to the victim of the rape but shoves the scene in our face. to be totally honest however, hemingway's acting is so bad in that sequence that it loses any real impact it might have had. the trial scenes were boring and predictable. and the movie just went too far when 15 year old mariel is raped (thankfully that wasn't shown). i do admit though that it did lead to a great ending when margaux grabs a gun and shoots sarandon dead. but seriously--having a young girl raped is just revolting.acting doesn't help. for instance, margaux was no actress. she was certainly a beautiful woman (and an actual model i believe) but her acting left a lot to be desired. it lessens the film. mariel was just ok but this was one of her first films. sarandon does what he can as the rapist. he wasn't bad but the terrible script worked against him.i do remember hearing that at a screening of this back in 1976 some women stood up and cheered when sarandon was killed so maybe this works for some people. i found this boring, simplistic and really sick. a 1 all the way.

after seeing a heavily censored version of this movie on television years ago, i was curious to see the unedited version. i was surprised that it was more believable and well acted than i remembered, but one thing really stood out. i think other reviewers have mentioned this also, namely, what exactly is the nature and motivation of the chris sarandon character? has he raped other victims before? is he completely psychotic or an "average" sociopath? how did he expect to get away with his attack on the younger sister? is this character at all credible, or is it just a matter of more background being necessary? he seems almost simultaneously to be an uncomfortably believable character, and too crazy to actually be able to hold on to a teaching job that puts him in contact with young, vulnerable girls. this seems to to be the biggest complaint of viewers in general. it has nothing to do with his performance, which is terrifyingly convincing.the movie occupies an uneasy position between sheer exploitation and a half way serious treatment of the subject, without quite settling into either mode. not the worst movie ever made, but not all that good, either.

manipulative drama about a glamorous model (margaux hemingway) who is raped by a geeky but unbalanced musician (chris sarandon) – to whom she had been introduced by her younger sister (played by real-life sibling mariel), whose music teacher he is. while the central courtroom action holds the attention – thanks largely to a commanding performance by anne bancroft as hemingway’s lawyer – the film is too often merely glossy, but also dramatically unconvincing: the jury ostensibly takes the musician’s side because a) the girl invited assault due to the sensuous nature of her profession and b) she was offering no resistance to her presumed aggressor when her sister arrived at the apartment and inadvertently saw the couple in bed together. what the f***?!; she was clearly tied up – what resistance could she realistically offer? the second half of the film – involving sarandon’s rape of the sister, which curiously anticipates irreversible (2002) by occurring in a tunnel – is rather contrived: mariel’s character should have known better than to trust sarandon after what he did to her sister, but margaux herself foolishly reprises the line of work which had indirectly led to her humiliating experience almost immediately! the climax – in which sarandon gets his just desserts, with margaux turning suddenly into a fearless and resourceful vigilante – is, however, a crowd-pleaser in the style of death wish (1974); incidentally, ubiquitous italian movie mogul dino de laurentiis was behind both films.it’s worth noting how the two hemingway sisters’ lives took wildly different turns (this was the film debut of both): margaux’s career never took off (despite her undeniable good looks and commendable participation here) – while mariel would soon receive an oscar nomination for woody allen’s manhattan (1979) and, interestingly, would herself play a glamorous victim of raging violence when essaying the role of real-life “playboy” centerfold dorothy stratten in bob fosse’s star 80 (1983). with the added pressure of a couple of failed marriages, margaux took refuge in alcohol and would eventually die of a drug overdose in 1996; chillingly, the hemingway family had a history of suicides – notably the sisters’ grandfather, celebrated author ernest, who died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in 1961.

andy hardy meets debutante (1940) is the ninth (9th) film of the series and it shows the direction it was inevitably headed into. characters andy hardy (mickey rooney) and judge hardy (lewis stone) were going to be front and center. the rest of the cast was going too just punch the clock and collect their checks. the series would rise to the occasion again and have its moments but a fatal decline had set in.lewis stone throughout the series would continue too portray the character of judge hardy in a sympathetic manner. the rest of the cast would be professional even though given less and less to do. mickey rooney on the other hand would continue his character as if there was no learning curve. andys' reaction to any situation was in a naive and unbelievable way. even after he returned as a veteran of world war ii service in love laughs at andy hardy (1946) his reaction to any 'teapot tempest' was the same, juvenile.in this film it is clearly illustrated. andy gets himself into several unbelievable situations that with a simple explanation would have been resolved. this screen writing device was known as the 'idiot plot'. a means of stretching a poorly written scenario. maybe it was less mickey rooneys' fault then the director and the writers. most likely george b. seitz had directed one too many and a firmer hand was needed too control rooneys' excesses. to see our overview of the entire series go to you're only young once (1937).

i must say this movie is a mork and mindy knock off, when watching it i got the chills, i even wet myself a little. when that korean guy with the spiders in his neck started kicking people i was like oh my lord asian people smell and suck cause they eat dogs all the time. any way back on track chuck had a somewhat terrible performance and lacked the intelligence of a regular non robotic human being. some people would compare it to his earlier days when he was a car wash analyzer and believed in the holy ghost and the ghost of christmas past. this movie is so bad i put my new born child in a box and left it in mr. norris mailbox. he can raise my kid i'm not letting him into a world where he thinks chuck norris is a karate expert ill let him see what that hack is like in real life for the rest of his life.

the shame of it! there i was, comfortable in the arm chair with a beer and a bag of popcorn, bouyant in the hope of another splendid muppet night of entertainment. what did i get? disappointed! how can the muppets go from the sublime christmas carol to this? the humour was dreadful, the songs were worse than country and western (and that's saying something) and the plot was as confused and poor as blind pew. i think the main problem was that they bit off too much in attempting treasure island. a short tale, such as christmas carol, is perfect because you can weave the muppet high jinks around it....here the need to drag the plot along stopped all the fun. where do the muppets go next? how about muppets wizard of oz?

the treasure island dvd should be required viewing in any film production course! it's a textbook example of how not to make a movie. watching the movie and then listening to the writer/director's commentary demonstrates graphically the vast chasm between what he knows about the characters and what he communicates to his audience about them. call me old-fashioned, but i think of movies as a means of communication, and communication isn't complete if the audience doesn't know what the hell the director is talking about. the director's avowed purpose is to make a movie void of "hollywood conventions". among those conventions, alas, is consistency of character and clarity of concept. the director himself realizes that audiences often don't understand points where he has purposely avoided a "hollywood cliché". however, he never seems to grasp the idea that clichés exist for a reason. they are shorthand for conveying complex ideas quickly and clearly. it's fine to avoid them, but they need to be replaced with some other way of communicating the same idea, not simply eliminated. the film is built on an intriguing premise, rich with potential. two puppets are assigned to fabricate a personality and background for an unidentified corpse that is to be used in a disinformation mission in the closing days of wwii. soon each begins to populate their personal fantasies with the character and their invention becomes increasingly real to them. someone with less disdain for the "hollywood convention" of traditional storytelling could create a wonderful film with this idea. this film certainly isn't it! the puppets do everything they can to bring consistency to these characters, but they are all too often defeated by the dazed and confused script. in particular, i'm becoming increasingly impressed by gonzo, who plays the lively corpse. in a number of muppet films, he always stands out as a very charismatic puppet.

alicianne (laurel barnett) becomes a live in babysitter for young rosalie nordon (rosalione cole) who has recently lost her mother. but rosalie misses her dead mother a lot and continuously visits her grave (conveniently located in a cemetery right behind the house) late at night...where she also meets her "friends"...this starts off good with a truly eerie sequence in the cemetery...then falls apart. the story is thin and there is tons of padding to make the film 85 minutes long. the acting is terrible across the board (with cole easily being the worst). badly directed with some of the worst editing i've ever seen in a motion picture. scenes (and sound) are just cut off with no rhyme or reason. also the film has terrible (and obvious) post-production sound.as for blood and violence--forget it! there's very little and what there is looks incredibly fake. i've never seen such fake-looking blood--looks like ketchup! boring, pointless--a rightfully forgotten drive-in movie. you can skip this one.

if you're going to look after a child, make sure they don't live anywhere near a graveyard. especially if said kid has a habit of drawing gory pictures and disappears at night among the tombstones to see her 'friends'. but, our long haired heroine, oblivious to all the signs, shacks up with her family the nortons, which include a strict father and a dullard older brother who becomes a love interest for our budding babysitter. even more spooky than the zombie gang outside is the cast's tendency to talk even when their lips aren't moving, and for the words to not match the movement of their mouths. but enough of that.. domestic animals are being sacrificed, old ladies are having eyeballs torn out and the orchestra won't shut up during any scene, even the quiet ones. oh, and the editor is having a day off going by the way the film drones on.in fact, it would been better if everybody involved had taken a breather, smelt what they'd signed up for and gone awol. yes, i know it's hard to get into movies these days, but this sort of starter point is not one on your cv you'd want. if would be like a trainee farm labourer having a conviction for chicken molesting. featuring one of the worst lead performances ever by the shrill laurel barnett, and another almost equally as bad by the charisma-free child actress rosalie cole (the next dakota fanning she ain't) the film meanders on and on with nothing but padding until we get what passes for a climax.this involves five or six members of the undead barricading our utterly useless heroine in a shed, while her bit of rough fends off these ghouls with a plank of wood, a one shell shotgun and whatever he can lay his hands on. but back up a minute.. earlier on they were in the car, and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the noise of the horn so repellent they shuffled off at the sound of it. so do they stay where they are safe? no of course not, they run off to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere, so the bloke can prove what a hardnut he is the girl can act like she's having a nervous breakdown.finally, the film closes. it doesn't end, it just goes to a grinding halt. the main character wanders back to her vehicle covered in fake blood, as if nothing horrible had happened. but, my dear viewer, something horrible has happened. you have just sat through one of the most lamebrained, boring horror films you're ever likely to see, and lost 82 minutes of your life you'll never get back. just think.. years from now on your deathbed, what you'd trade an hour and 22 minutes for just to spend a bit of extra time with your family. sadly, it's already too late for me. don't you make the same mistake :( 2/10

and that comes from someone that will withstand almost any viewing. the acting and sound is awful. this might qualify for a "so bad it's good" point of merit,,,for some. however i take my horror movies seriously and this is just crap-it's just soooo cheap, i think that's my major complaint. the dialogue is often hilarious-attention to how many times "you startled me" is used. the "child" actress is seriously god awful-i pray her acting career ended here..her line "donuts! i hate donuts" is worth repeated viewing however.

this movie was seriously awful. the acting was the worst! it was worse than a student film. super cheesy, and i think the worst actor was the old lady. at first i thought to myself, well it's an old movie. then i remembered that that is no excuse! i've seen older movies with way better acting and such.the music was terrible to. it was really choppy. the editing was poor (most of the dialog was out of sync.)overall, this movie doesn't even deserve a 1. i only watched it because i was so bored, and the movie hardly entertained me. it was just laughable. my dead grandmother's left pinkie toe could make a better movie than this.

there were a lot of truly great horror movies produced in the seventies - but this film certainly isn't one of them! it's a shame the child isn't better as it works from a decent idea that takes in a couple of sometimes successful horror themes. we have the idea of a vengeful child, which worked so well in classic films such as the bad seed and then we have the central zombie theme, which of course has been the backbone of many a successful horror movie. the plot is basically this: young girl blames a load of people for the death of her mother, so she goes to the graveyard and raises the dead to get revenge (as you do). this is all well and good, except for the fact that it's boring! nothing happens for most of the film, and although it does pick up at the end with some nice gore; it's not enough of a finale to justify sitting through the rest of it. the film was obviously shot on a budget as the locations look cheap and all the actors are rubbish. there's really not much i can say about the film overall as there isn't much to it. the child is a dismal seventies horror flick and i certainly don't recommend it.

a little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the countryside. this little girl rosalie has some psychotic tendencies as the movie opens with her feeding kittens to some kind of creatures in the cemetery, and she has recently lost her mother who went crazy but whilst alive enjoyed staying in the woods all night. the premise of the film has a new young lady coming to rosalie to take care of her. she is introduced to the evil of the woods while driving and, imagine the suspense here, experiences a huge blue barrel falling over the side of a cliff to somehow stop her car dead in its tracks. from there she walks to the nearest house and discovers mrs. whitfield who then goes into a whole lot of explanation about rosalie and her family. the earnestness exuded by the mrs. whitfield character has to be seen to be believed. well, the young lady meets up with the child and we soon learn that not only is she strange but everyone in the film is very bizarre as well. they all do share one thing in common which is none of them ever heard of an acting school. none of these people can act - as evidenced by the few vehicles any of them in the entire film appeared in before or since - and all of them look like they have little idea what is going on, pause to remember lines, and have all the conviction of a paper bag. the director plods through the material in a slow pace with this horrible piano music crescendoing here and there at things that are suppose to be scary. it takes us a bit before we get to a couple of murders by the creature friends, but by that time i didn't care. the murders are not convincing either, and truth be told the whole film looks like someone through it together on their friend's farm with the people and things on hand there. that all being said the ending does have some creepy aspects to it though we don't learn one darn thing about why rosalie is like this or more importantly who the creature with the cheap masks are. cheap doesn't even begin to describe the budget here with. it basically is a couple old farmhouses and some sheds at the end and of course the woods. someone lent the director a couple old cars too. no special effects of any kind and only the most minimal make-up. there are so many guffaws/ridiculous moments to list, but i will just list a few here that at the very least made me chuckle from the lack of aptitude from the creative powers involved: 1)watch the gardener's body well after he has been "slain". len comes in and sees him butchered and you can see his fat belly heave with life. 2)the dying scene at the end where the actress playing rosalie is killed. she looks like she is listening to directions and takes her sweet time dying considering the method. 3)how about the guy playing roaslie's father giving us a cranky poor man's andy griffith. the scene where he is laughing about boy scouts dying was a weird hoot. the child is indeed a very bad film and is very bad even for the standards of 70's cheese if you will. this isn't a b film but more like a z film with producer harry novak making some money on virtually nothing.

i'm not going to say that this movie is horrible, because i have seen worse, but it's not even halfway decent. the plot is very confusing. i couldn't really figure out what was happening and where things were going. when the movie was over, i was left scratching my head. i watched through to the end of the credits to see if they had something after them that may clear things up, but once the credits were over, that was it. i felt like i was jarred from one weak plot point to another throughout the whole movie, with little or no transition between the two. character development is very shallow. i couldn't figure out when somebody was angry or had a grudge against someone. i couldn't tell if half of the characters were just supposed to be drunk, stoned, mentally challenged or they just had a bad actor to portray them. this film seems to be based around stereotypes (to it's credit, they are hard to avoid using when you are making a film about a singer in a rock band), which should make character development easier, since so many other films have already illustrated the suffering of an abused child, or the trials of a heroin addict trying to come clean. stereotypes are easy to depict, which would explain why so many bad films tend to overuse stereotypical characters. this film, on the other hand, uses stereotypical characters left and right, but then tries to keep them as incomprehensible as possible.another problem with the characters is that they seemed to be dismissed with no explanation. i guess that's ok because so little time was spent developing the characters that i really didn't get a chance to know any of them, so i never really missed any of them.and last but not least was sadie's singing. it's awful. the music backing her up is not prize winner, but it is usually drowned out by the screeches that are released from sadie's vocal cords. i swear that there's one point in the movie where she sings a song for at least 10 minutes. i seriously thought i was going to have to turn it off during this howl-a-thon.as a whole, this movie is confusing. characters are ill-developed, georgia's acting is wooden and stiff, sadie's character is yanked from one bad situation to another, with no back story or explanation. the music was unbearable, and i can think of no good reasons to see this film unless you have a thirst for cinematic pain.

jennifer jason leigh and mare winningham are a good match portraying vastly different siblings, but only winningham is able to bring something convincing or substantial to her role. leigh, playing bar-band singer and alcoholic sadie flood, constantly leans on older sis georgia, an acclaimed folk singer in the joni mitchell mold. perhaps due to her double duties as co-producer on the film, leigh seems to have boxed herself into a corner: she isn't credible as a singer and, even if this is intentional, gives herself far too much screen-time at the microphone. probably hoping for a tour-de-force, leigh is wire-drawn and nervous and jagged; however, we simply do not see any talent within this character (leigh is obviously a solid actress, but she makes decisions here that wall us off from her). if sadie had even the slightest bit of charisma or appeal, we might be able to buy into the concept that she gets the (small) breaks that she does. as it is, the likelihood of her ever getting up on stage is slim. director ulu grosbard crafts a few intense dramatic sequences, and the editing at the finale juxtaposes sadie's bar performance with georgia's sold-out arena show--both singing the same song--and it's a sadly nuanced moment...but really, what's the point? *1/2 from ****

this sword-&-sorcery story of an appallingly brutal and callous "hero" vanquishing an evil king is worthless in almost every detail. the acting is horrible from the leads to the supporting roles. the leering, gloating glee with which the director shows the hero smearing blood around is absolutely disgusting; nor is it redeemed by any justice to his cause, since he is as bad as the people he's fighting. z-movie editing is abundant, including a scene where a character "dies" from a sword thrust that very obviously missed completely!the movie is clearly banking on the charms of the female leads, barbi benton and lana clarkson, who are paraded around mostly naked throughout the movie. as a 20-something male, i will not pretend that female flesh on the screen doesn't attract me. but the treatment of their characters is so degrading and the sex scenes so casual and joyless, that i couldn't enjoy even this aspect of the movie.most cheesy movies of this era are at least somewhat redeemed by a light-hearted, tongue-in-cheek feel (the sequel is better in this regard), but deathstalker seems to take itself completely seriously as heroic fantasy. no way! avoid at all costs!rating: 1/2 out of ****.

deathstalker is directed by john watson and it stars rick hill, who is some kind of body builder and famous of that, if i have understood right? the plot follows as deathstalker (hill) tries to get something back from the evil lord, and he has to travel to the lord's cave. he meets many dwarfs and monsters during his journey, and the settings are very close to tolkien, and of course conan the barbarian. this is a rip off of huge success of conan, and even though this is very stupid film, it has many nice trash merits and is recommended for trash fans and tolerating film junkies!there are no many cinematic merits in this film. couple of scenes are almost atmospheric and fascinating, but what deathstalker concentrates to show, are nude females and huge muscles of hill. females are usually helpless victims and very stupid, too, so this is very macho film and thus may not please many feminists! the fight scenes are nothing special and pretty dull, and the monsters are not either anything special. and all the other aspects of the film are also very amateurish and badly done, but what did you expect from low budget effort like this? this tries to be as great as conan but fails pretty miserably. as i said, this can please fans of turkey cinema but no one else. this belongs to the category it's so bad it's great!deathstalker is still not as near as bad as it could be, and as a turkey film, i appreciate this almost as much as other turkeys, enjoyable ones of course! if bad films are your cup of tea, then try this and have fun, but if you don't understand "enjoyably bad films" then stay away. and if somebody can't stand large amount of nudity, then stay away as well. there is more nudity here than violence, and due to these scenes, the film has an r rating. otherwise this could be some safe pg family film!4/10

this film's kind of like conan the barabarian, but with more sex, rape and murder. there is a plot somewhere underneath all this debauchery but the filmmakers don't do a good job showing it, which is a shame because it 'could' be a decent story. richard hill gives a solid performance in the lead role, as does the villain - who sadly didn't appear in anything else of note. the fight scenes aren't too bad either - i love the way deathstalker lets his sword 'drink' the blood of his victims - and there's plenty of nudity and sex to temper the general level of machismo throughout. all in all, not good - but not necessarily that bad either...

woosh! man what can i say...?the opening-scene, maybe? we see a bunch of mongoloid-barbarians with bad make-up jump off the walls of some ruins. they sneak around and attack some dude with a scantily clothed captive girl. the dude runs off, the mongoloids follow him and one of them stays behind seemingly to rape the girl, but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her. then, the dude (still on the run) sees a horse and tries to steal it. suddenly a blond god-like looking hero with a bad wig appears, saying "that's my horse!". the mighty deathstalker just made his appearance. the mongoloids arrive, deathstalker kills all of them (including the dude) on the tunes of some rather inappropriate mexicanos western score (this is supposed to be a swords & sorcery flick, so what's with the 'arriba-trompettos'?), and then goes up to captive girl and exposes both her breasts. he starts to rub them and captive girl seems to like it. she starts liking her lips and caressing deathstalker. just when they are about to get down to it, this old dude appears, interrupting what could have been the end of a perfect day for deathstalker (and a possible perfect ending for a short-film).now tell me isn't that the point where either a feminist would angrily switch off the movie, or any other male viewer would say "this is going to be one hell of a good movie!" the plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony: deathstalker must obtain the sword of justice and use it to steal the amulet of life and the chalice of magic from the evil sorcerer munkar.aside from decapitations, dismemberment, random bloodshed, retarded fist fights and embarrassing sword fights, this film also contains a massive amount of t!ts & a$$ shots. i initially wanted to add one extra point to this movie for each gratuitous shot of naked boobies i could count. after 9 points (not even halfway into the movie), i had to give up counting. it was distracting me from the rest of the movie. and the rest of the movie was worth it. totally crazy stuff. check out this mutant cat/worm-like creature munkar has as a pet and which he feeds eyeballs and fingers. and here's an interesting question: what would you do if a man in a woman's body would enter your bedroom and try to kill you with a knife? the answer is simple: you slap him around a bit, take away the knife and then try to rape him. then you discover that he's actually not a woman, so you throw him out of your bed and tell him to leave your room. it works out well, i tell you. deathstalker does it too, and the deathstalker-way, is the right way!deathstalker is a wonderful movie, really, as pointed out in other comments. the villains are vile. the women are delicious. there's blood, sex, violence, rape and tasty chicken. there's a completely pointless tournament which just features a bunch of barbarians beating, slashing and hacking the crap out of each other. my favorite weapon used in that tournament was a giant wooden hammer, used to beat a poor contender to bloody pulp. and my favorite contender undoubtedly was that one brute with the warthog-head (reminiscent of the gamorrean guards from return of the jedi). i won't reveal how the movie ends, but just prepare to ravish in delight when i tell you a 4-way dismemberment is thrown into the movie's climax.and of course, there's a wonderful display of ineptitude throughout the whole movie. see a guy being dragged behind a horse over a dirt road, and the next point-of-view shot shows him being dragged over grass (no road). see that awesome tattoo on the sorcerer's head magically change sides within the same scene (on shot has it on the left side of his head, the other on the right). well, after all, munkar is a magician. it's that, or this movie was shot in an alternate universe where things like "continuity" simply don't exist.as much as i enjoyed this and as much as i am looking forward to the other 3 installments in this series, i do have enough shreds of decency left in me to not let this movie pass. i am prepared, though, to give it the maximum amount of minimal points, just so i could be able to deduct a couple of more points for the possibly inferior sequels to follow. deathstalker might be a superbly fun, trashy & sleazy conan rip-off, it also is an abominable movie.

bette davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the "hilariously mismatched" lovers theme. sadly, cagney and davis are truly mismatched in acting styles and the mix is not simply unpalatable but distasteful. the only distinction in the film comes from eugene pallette who, literally, phones in his usual part as the deb's misunderstood dad. jack carson's performance can only be described as an act of mayhem on the audience

rich ditzy joan winfield (a woefully miscast bette davis) is engaged to be married to stupid egotistical allen brice (jack carson looking lost). her father (eugene palette) is determined to stop the marriage and has her kidnapped by pilot steve collins (james cagney. seriously). they crash land in the desert and hate each other but (sigh) start falling in love.this seems to be getting a high rating from reviewers here only because cagney and davis are in it. they were both brilliant actors but they were known for dramas not comedy and this movie shows why! the script is just horrible--there's not one genuine laugh in the entire movie. the running joke in this has cagney and davis falling rump first in a cactus (this is done three times!). only their considerable talents save them from being completely humiliated. as it is they both do their best with the lousy material. cagney tries his best with his lines and davis screeches every line full force but it doesn't work. carson has this "what the hell" look on his face throughout the entire movie (probably because his characters emotions change in seconds). only palette with his distinctive voice and over the top readings manges to elicit a few smiles. but, all in all, this was dull and laughless--a real chore to sit through. this gets two stars only for cagney and davis' acting and some beautiful cinematography but really--it's not worth seeing. cagney and davis hated this film in later years and you can see why.

this film was a big disappointment.i take the opposite view of the critics. this is not a case of the material not being up to the level of the actors; here the actors (bette davis and james cagney) are simply not up to the level of the material. clark gable and claudette colbert were every bit as big as davis and cagney, and look how it happened one night turned out - an all-time classic. with a very similar story, davis proves that she has no talent for comedy (good thing for her that this is just about the only comedy she ever attempted!) davis' one-note performance oozes petulance, but none of the nuances of colbert's acting in it happened one night. cagney, who was a great comedy actor, just seems out-of-sync with his costar, davis. the script provides some decent lines and gags, but the delivery seems better suited to drama than comedy.part of the problem is the soundtrack, which, like the delivery of davis and cagney, seems more suitable to a light drama than a comedy.jack carson, who played similar roles throughout his career, has more capably handled very similar material. in a fairly typical supporting role eugene palette delivers a respectable performance. in a slightly different role as an old west relic, harry davenport, is very good. but in one of his poorest performances, william frawley is quite irritating. his character's constant references to fictional cops are a poor effort at irony. i really love every one of these performers, and it is a shame that, as an ensemble they achieve no more chemistry and no better result than the bride came c.o.d.

0.5/10. this movie has absolutely nothing good about it. the acting is among the worst i have ever seen, what is really amazing is that everyone is awful, not just a few here and there, everyone. the direction is a joke, the low budget is hopelessly evident, the score is awful, i wouldn't say the movie was edited, brutally chopped would be a more appropriate phrase. it combines serial killings, voodoo and tarot cards. dumb. dumb. dumb. it is not scary at all, the special effects are hopelessly lame. laughably bad throughout. the writing was appallingly bad. the cinematography is real cheap looking, and very grainy sometimes, and the camera-work is dreadful. again, what really does the movie in is how badly all the actors are. cheesy.

i was searching through hollywood video last night with a friend trying to find a good-looking horror movie to watch over the new year's weekend. as i was looking through the shelves, "severed" spotted my eye, and i grabbed it off the shelf and it looked like it might be a decent b-grade horror movie. the cover looked fairly good. the plot sounded semi-interesting. so i rented it. what a mistake. don't be fooled by the cover, which actually looks decent. i'm thinking that more money was spent on the cover artwork than the movie itself. the film follows two police detectives who are tracking down a voodoo-inspired, ritualistic serial killer called "the head hunter", who is decapitating victims left and right in some unnamed city (probably los angeles), and they become drawn into his world of ritualized murder.story sound somewhat good? well, it is, and this movie could've been halfway decent. but good god, it was bad! almost everything about it was laughable. the opening scene features some redheaded actress in a car trying to talk on this huge, outdated cell phone, and for whatever reason, she goes outside and talks to some guy. then, a shadow comes up behind them, hacks off his head, and the girl drops to the ground and starts crawling (for absolutely no reason) while trying to dial 911. sound ridiculous? yep, you bet it is. the entire movie looks like it was filmed on a vhs-quality camera, and i'm assuming it was. the acting was mostly awful, and the special effects were far from believable. and the scenes with the policemen on the phone were awful - the voice on the other line was echoing and it sounded like it was being recorded in someone's bathroom. everything about this movie was simply amateurish and tedious, and it didn't hold my interest for very long, and i often found myself bored and tired, mostly because of the bad acting and the horrible cinematography. the pacing was bad. everything was just bad.overall, "severed" is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent b-movie. the plot was good and i think if this film had been handled better and had a higher budget, it could've been alright. but this movie fell flat on it's face. if you're expecting something semi-decent, you'll be sorely disappointed. only recommended if you can tolerate d-grade horror flicks. otherwise, you'll probably want to stay away from this straight-to-video garbage. it had a little potential, but it was beyond a mess. 1/10.

i own this movie. i bought it for $3.99 at a fairly major video retailer in order to do some "indie"" type movie research since i had just finished my own feature and was editing it. now when i feel down about my skills as a first time director i just sit down with a plate of cookies and severed. within minutes i feel great!!!i hate to down talk another filmmaker so i'll just use constructive criticism. 1. find good actors. take the time. it really helps. 2. when shooting video, over light your scenes and darken in the computer later on in post. 3. closeups are better for video. 4. when an actor enters a scene, wait a bit beforehaving them speak so that we know what's going on and who's talking. 5. never show the back of a door while we wait for someone to come open it. damn well worth the $3.99the true horror would be getting the reviews severed has here on imdb. and you have to give these guys credit... they did get distributed.

hm. while an enjoyable movie to poke plot holes, point out atrocious acting, primitive (at best) special effects (all of which have caused me to view this movie three times over the past six years), severed ranks among the worst i've ever seen. i'm never sure who the protagonists are, all i know is that the killer uses a portable guillotine, as seen in the dance floor murder scene. all in all, i don't really like the movie, because only the first 30 minutes are enjoyable, the rest is a mishmash of confusing dialog and imagery that fail to progress the story to a logical conclusion (which i can't remember anyway).

this is one of them movies that has a awesome video box but has wired camra work and unknown actors that speak with bad dialogue.its so dark when the killings happen you can hardly see it plus the movie is hard to understand.the only star in this is wcw`s vanessa sanchez (tygres in wcw before it folded) and she is a good actress. i like low budget film especialy ones that has errors because they are fun to watch but severed unfourtunatly isn`t one of them.this movie is ok to see if you like voodoo and severed heads but this is no blockbuster but if you need something new to watch then rent severed.

bad acting, bad lighting, bad plot!! this had the quality of a porno movie. i have seen more interesting home video of a boring wedding than this movie...it sucked big time!! don't waste your time or money on this crap! it's amazing that they allow this kind of smut to even be released on video, it should be a crime!!

there was nothing about this movie that i liked. it was so obviously low-budget with bad lighting and camera work (almost like blair witch project, only it wasn't supposed to be that way). there wasn't really much to the plot, and the movie just drug on and on. i actually fast-forwarded through the last 1/3 of the movies, but that did not help matters much. it looked like it might be good from the box, but i must say again: nothing about this movie even resembled good. no good actors, the special effects were so fake, the camera work was horrible, and the dialogue was painfully terrible. on my own personal scale, i give this movie a 0 of 10. yikes!

ok, i love bad horror. i especially love horror bad enough to make fun of. demonicus, or house of the dead - those were bad enough to make fun of. severed was not.it was worse.(spoilers - who cares?)my friend and i sat through the entire film, and i have a number of comments, both in the "this sucks" style and in the realm of actual critiques.plot (sort of) - there's a guy in this city (which is possibly seattle, see comment below) who is running around and cutting off heads. he's been doing this for over a year (i'm not going back to get exact numbers - thank you very much), possibly two or three years. one head a week. and the police are just now calling in a "specialist" (who once refers to himself as a psychic, but that never comes up again).schya right! feds take over after, what, three connected homicides? after nearly a hundred similar killings we'd be under freaking martial law!!!!!anyway, this "specialist" consults the voodoo chick who the police have been ignoring the entire time, and the two of them come to the conclusion that it's baron samedi, a voodoo spirit, who is cutting off heads to gain enough power to make himself a body (and then presumably take over the world - or possibly just go to disneyland).um.setting - where is this happening? well, if you're not from seattle, you might not realize that at the bar/rave (occupied by about ten of the movie staff and their family members), there's a poster for a local radio station, and that in the highly-entertaining, "pulp fiction"esqe dialog (as if) between the two cops (yes, the ones who get their heads cut off about 15 minutes into the flick) they discuss "the new stadium" which may still have been an issue when this movie was made.being from seattle, i apologize on the movie's behalf and hang my head in shame.ok, here's where it gets really critical - being a horror movie writer (not published, don't go looking for my name in the imdb), i do research. lots of research. and unlike the writers of this movie, i know that baron samedi - while a voudon loa (spirit) who guards the graveyards and has traditionally been associated (by various christian oppressors) with "satan" - is actually a "loki"-like trickster god. in other words, he doesn't cut off heads.besides, a major part of the voudoun religion is that baron samedi can have a body whenever he wants. their religious ceremonies center around the possession of various members of the congregation by the loa.not to mention, if he's already possessed someone, why make a new body?also, if baron samedi got a body, he wouldn't go around cutting off heads, he'd get some good rum and cigars and par-tay!!!in summary, the only thing they did get (surprisingly) right is that in the completely unnecessary tarot card reading (used only to show that the voodoo chick is "spooky") they didn't screw up the interpretations of the cards the way most movies do. again, i've done research. (anyone remember the old late-night ad for phone-in tarot readings - "the lovers - you will soon fall madly in love..." and all that nonsense?)if you made it this far through my comments, i congratulate you. and i'm sorry again. i'll be more sorry if you feel the need to watch the film on account of me, so please don't.

to be brutally honest... i loved watching severed. that's why igave it a 1/10 stars because of its starkly unimaginativestory/filming/acting/everything. this film was a riot to watch. ifyou enjoy watching bad films in order to poke fun at them, you willreally get a kick out of severed.the story really doesn't matter, it involves some guy who's baldand has a sword and goes around beheading random people. but he has a supernatural twist... nobody ever sees him do it. even when, in one very memorable scene, he walks into ajampacked night club and whacks off some girl's noodle andnobody sees it. severed doesn't merely look like it was filmed on video- it wasfilmed on someone's home camcorder. the filmmakers hadknowledge of lighting (very thin knowledge) and compositionactually holds together in some scenes. but mostly you can't hearthe actors... you can't understand what they're doing, and you laughwhen the next vicitm gets his pumpkin detatched from his body.go and rent this movie. support films like this- they are a hoot anda hollar!

here was no effort put into valentine to prevent it from being just another teenage slasher film, a sub-genre of horror films of which we have seen entirely too many over the last decade or so. i've heard a lot of people complaining that the film rips off several previous horror movies, including everything from halloween to prom night to carrie, and as much as i hate to be redundant, the rip off is so blatant that it is impossible not to say anything. the punch bowl over poor jeremy's head early in the film is so obviously taken from carrie that they may as well have just said it right in the movie (`hey everyone, this is the director, and the following is my carrie-rip-off scene. enjoy!'). but that's just a suggestion.(spoilers) the film is structured piece by piece exactly the same way that every other goofy teen thriller is structured. we get to know some girl briefly at the beginning, she gets killed, people wonder in the old oh-but-that-stuff-only-happens-to-other-people tone, and then they start to get killed. the problem here is that the director and the writers clearly and honestly want to keep the film mysterious and suspenseful, but they have no idea how to do it. take jason, for example. here is this hopelessly arrogant guy who is so full of himself and bad with women that he divides the check on a date according to what each person had, and as one of the first characters seen in the film after the brief history lesson about how bad poor jeremy was treated, he is assumed to carry some significance. besides that, and more importantly, he has the same initials as the little boy that all the girls terrorized in sixth grade, and the same initials that are signed at the bottom of all of those vicious valentine's day cards. it is not uncommon for the audience to be deliberately and sometimes successfully misled by the behavior of one or more characters that appear to be prime suspects, and jason is a perfect example of the effort, but not such a good example of a successful effort. sure, i thought for a while that he might very well be the killer, but that's not the point. we know from early on that he is terrible with women, which links him to the little boy at the beginning of the film, but then in the middle of the film, he appears at a party, smiles flirtatiously at two of the main girls, and then gives them a hateful look and walks away, disappearing from the party and from the movie with no explanation. we already know he is a cardboard character, but his role in the film was so poorly thought out that they just took him out altogether when they were done with him.on the positive side, the killer's true identity was, in fact, made difficult to predict in at least one subtle way which was also, unfortunately, yet another rip-off. early in the film, when shelley stabs the killer in the leg with his own scalpel, he makes no sound, suggesting that the killer might be a female staying silent to prevent revealing herself as a female, rather than a male as everyone suspects. but then for the rest of the film, we just have this stolid, relentless, unstoppable killer with the emotionless mask and that gigantic butcher knife. director jamie blanks (who, with all due respect, looks like he had some trouble with the girls himself in the sixth grade) mentions being influenced by halloween. this is, of course, completely unnecessary, because it's so obvious from how badly he plagiarizes the film. the only difference between the killer in valentine and michael meyer's is that michael's mask was so much more effective and he didn't have a problem with nosebleeds. this stuff is shameless. at the end, there is a brief attempt to mislead us one more time as to who the killer is (complete with slow and drawn out `and-the-killer-is' mask removal), but then we see adam's nose start to bleed as he holds kate, his often reluctant girlfriend, and we know that he's been the killer all along. nothing in the film hinted that he might be the killer until the final act, and these unexplained nosebleeds were not exactly the cleverest way to identify the true killer at the end of the film. valentine is not scary (i watched it in an empty house by myself after midnight, and i have been afraid of the dark for as long as i can remember, and even i wasn't scared), and the characters might be possible to care about if it weren't so obvious that they were just going to die. i remember being impressed by the theatrical previews (although the film was in and out of the theater's faster than battlefield earth), but the end result is the same old thing.

***spoilers*** ***spoilers*** are all teen slasher flicks suffering from a drought of originality? it awfully seems so. first of all, this is a noble premise that could've been utilized well. a rejected young nerd who grows up, stalks and murders all the girls who tortured the hell out of him when he was in junior high? can't say you had nothing to work with. but this film goes through the same motions as all the other recent slashers. everything from the score to the camera angles allow us to predict exactly when a false alarm is coming and exactly when the killer will strike. we know the pattern by now. these stupid slasher movies push the credibility envelope more and more by the minute. let me ask you something: who, in their right mind, is going to surprise a friend of theirs in a dark, dreary morgue in the middle of the night and just surprise her out of the blue while she's all alone and surrounded by corpses? does that make any damn sense at all?"valentine" is only occasionally innovative. one good shot involves the butchering of denise richards' character. she gets trapped inside a pool and the killer pokes at her with a chainsaw. there's some good songs in the soundtrack, including one cool track by orgy. the music video is contained in the special features section on the dvd.even the acting is mediocre at best. the actors all sleep through their roles. of course, david boreanaz is often stoic, even in his portrayal as the title character on "angel." denise richards is a fine actress, though, and she keeps a stoneface throughout the movie."valentine" is just like you'd expect: pretentious, implausible, forgettable, cheesy and without a good scare in sight. don't even bother.my score: 4 (out of 10)

went to see this movie hoping to see some flashes of the jet li we were amazed by in lethal weapon 4. unfortunately too many of his fight stunts are so clearly fake that it took even that enjoyment out of it. the flying kicks would be a lot more impressive if you couldn't see the wires holding him up as he flies through the air for 4 seconds and 9 kicks.too cartoonish and very disappointing.

i was very disappointed in this movie. plotwise it was weak bordering on silly: souls who can affect reality in the way they do? a mission apparently critical to the soul hunters entrusted to one of their younger members? and the whole b-story with the "holobrothel" and the lawsuit against the station was so awful that at one point i blurted out to the television, "why are you wasting my time with this?"thematically, "river of souls" didn't really go into the question of the soul in any more depth than the original episode "soul hunter" did. we see that soul hunters can make mistakes, but we still don't get a feeling for their culture. (are there any female soul hunters?)the acting was okay, given the material they had to work with, and the special effects - especially the planetscapes in the first act - were very impressive. but overall, i'd say give this one a miss.

i'm a big fan of b5, having caught on only at the end of season three. i faithfully watched all the previous seasons when it was syndicated, concluding that it was one of the most well-thought out story arcs to ever hit television. even the filler episodes were interesting. the movies, also, were well produced and as entertaining as anything to hit the theaters.which brings us to 'river of souls'. naturally, after seeing everything else, i had high expectations. martin sheen appears to be acting in an ed wood movie rather than a serious sci-fi story. the story itself, might have looked good in outline form, even made it to the story board. however, it suffers obviously when it came time to filling this notion out into a two hour movie. there are no special effects to keep us entertained in the total absence of a compelling story. there are places where they were obviously short of time and just improvised the dialog to fill the story out. had this made the regular season, it would have rated among the worst of the episodes.

before this made for tv movie began, i had relatively low expectations. that's because it was made after the final episode of the series had aired and many of the series originals were gone. there is no president sheridan, delenn, lennier, londo, vir, g'kar or lyta. if you remember, on the second to last episode of the series, all the regulars except zack, vir and captain lockley left b-5 permanently. now for this film they did bring back garibaldi (who was not in the last b-5 movie) to join zack and the captain and the doctor makes a brief and irrelevant appearance. but because so much is gone of the old chemistry, this film already is severely handicapped.the movie is about a soul hunter (martin sheen) who is led to babylon 5 in search of a globe filled with souls that had been stolen from a hidden repository by an archaeologist (ian mcshane). a lot of spooky mumbo-jumbo stuff occurs but frankly it was all pretty silly and pointless. yeah, yeah, the station nearly blew up but was saved and all, but frankly i felt like it was a case of "been there done that--and done that a lot better in the past".the secondary plot, provided more for comic relief, was much more interesting, as an entrepreneur installed a holo-brothel and those in command weren't sure what to do about it and when they tried to pressure them to close, they were slapped with a lawsuit. this was fluff, but it did provide a few laughs--something the other dreary plot was surely lacking.by the way, sheen at first did a good job playing the should hunter--with his wild eyes and bizarre delivery. however, repeatedly throughout the episode he fell out of character. this should have been spotted and corrected.so the final verdict is this is only for total die-hard b-5 nuts (like myself). others seeing it might assume the series sucked--which is a great injustice. this is a great example of a show not knowing when to quit.

"grey matter" aka "the brain machine" but the video people thought better of that; the screen says 1972 but imdb says 1977; it's that kind of movie. the government has some kind of overriding interest in this 'brain machine' project that has drafted four people - who turn out to be, roughly, a philosopher, a horny priest, a crackpot veteran and a patriot who got an abortion - to sit in a shrinking room with a computer that can read their horrendous secret thoughts. in the end the government takes over the lab by force and everybody dies. here is a movie that is incompetent in every important way; my s*** has better production values than this. it held my interest, though, just to see what exactly these exploitation filmmakers thought they were doing, dabbling in four-guys-in-a-room character drama. the answer: a tract about how science is inferior to god. thanks a lot. it's like opening a kinder egg and getting your 30th goddam jigsaw puzzle. the priest is played by james "roscoe p. coltrane" best, the philosopher by gerald "the republican simon" mcraney. also featuring very, very, very long establishing and transition shots in great quantity, this moves almost as slow as the liberal convention.

someone mentioned editing. this is edited badly and what started out as somewhat intriguing became an incomprehensible mess. for starters, let us know what it is you are trying to do with these experiments. why are these people the best choices for the type of experimenting they are involved in? and, what exactly are they testing? apparently there is some grand plan that some agency is going to exploit. the acting is pretty bad. everyone is emoting. everyone is keeping secrets. they frequently mention that if it weren't for the money, they'd hang it up. there's a deranged minister who spouts scripture. on and on. but, again, the biggest hang up is the lack of laying out a playing field for the actors. there are some really cheesy elements. those little rooms and those chaise lounges. the awful wallpaper (was it wallpaper?). it was interesting, but didn't seem to go anywhere.

dynasty revisited in hawaii... full of clichés, highly predictable, unrealistic and sometimes even stupid. if you have nothing better to do however, it does provide 40 minutes of simple, unpretensive entertainment, endless looks at great male and female muscles and very good photography of the spectacular hawaiian scenery. on the other hand, if you are looking for anything more than that, stay away...oh, and by the way, if you have ever worked in a hotel or know anything about running one, you have two options: 1. you will feel sick every two minutes at the sheer stupidity and silliness of how the show presents hotel business or, 2. look at it as science fiction comedy as i did, lie back, relax, and laugh about it!

an absolutely wretched waste of film!! nothing ever happens. no ghosts, hardly any train, no mystery, no interest. the constant and brutal attempts at comedy are painful. everything else is pathetic. the premise is idiotic: a bunch of people stranded in the middle of no-place, because their train was held up for less than 3 minutes. what? and the railroad leaves them no place to stay, in a heavy storm? i think not. oh, they can walk 4 miles across the dead-black fields. umm, yeah. sure. or, they can force themselves on the railroad's hospitality, and stay at the 'haunted' train station. a station which proved to be nothing but deadly boring, utterly without ghosts, interest, or plot.so very terribly dull that this seems impossible.this ought to be added to the lost films list !! aargh !!

arthur askey's great skill as a comic was in the way he communicated with his public. his juvenile jokes, silly songs and daft dances went down well because he was able to engage folk and draw them into his off the wall world. a lack of a live audience was a distinct disadvantage to him, and he was never completely comfortable in films. he has his moments in the ghost train, and his character, tommy gander, has been tailored to make the most of his talents, but askey the performer needed to be seen to be appreciated.askey's support in the film is not strong, it includes regular co-star richard murdoch; betty jardine and stuart latham as a dopey honeymoon couple; linden travers going over the top as a 'mad woman'. also on board are peter murray-hill, who off-screen married phyllis calvert, as the nominal leading man, giving a totally bland reading of the part, and leading lady carol lynne, who turns in an equally insipid performance. it is left to character actress kathleen harrison to effortlessly steal the film as a parrot loving single woman who gets smashed on dr morland graham's brandy.

"a damsel in distress" is definitely not one of fred astaire's better musicals. but even astaire's bad films always had some good moments.in "damsel," astaire is jerry halliday, an american musical star who is in london on a personal appearance tour. he meets lady alice marshmorton (19-year-old joan fontaine), a beautiful english heiress, who hops into the back of a cab he is taking to escape a mob of admirers.jerry believes that alice is being forced into a marriage by her rich aunt. he tries to rescue her from her family's country manor house, but soon discovers that the house staff is laying bets on which suitor lady alice will marry. keggs (reginald gardiner) the conniving butler, and albert (harry watson), the bratty house boy, each take turns alternately helping and sabotaging lady alice's romance with jerry to make sure they win the bet.this musical has numerous problems. first, there is the plot, based on a novel by p.g. wodehouse (who co-wrote the screenplay). the story is slow, painful, and nerve-grating. when fred is not dancing, we have to endure endless annoying scenes of (a) fred romancing joan fontaine or (b) keggs and albert conniving against them and each other.the butler and the house boy are especially irritating. they are one-dimensional stock villain characters, the kind of guys you just want to punch in the mouth. you wish they would get off the screen and let fred dance.astaire suffers in the absence of his usual partner, ginger rogers. joan fontaine is a lackluster leading lady in this film, and is miscast in a musical. she has little going for her, character-wise, other than her lovely face and beautiful smile.george burns and gracie allen are along for the ride, as jerry's publicist and his ditzy secretary. the duo adds some sorely needed chemistry to the plot, and gracie has some funny lines, but she is also very annoying at times.the direction of the movie by george stevens is not well done. at times, the cinematography is horrible and off-focus. there are a number of outdoor scenes set on extremely foggy streets, to try to convince the audience that we are in london, not hollywood. (they must have used tons of dry ice in this movie.) on the plus side, the songs by george and ira gershwin are terrific, and have become classic song standards. and of course, the dancing in the movie is exceptional, thanks to astaire and his choreographer, hermes pan.but the musical and dance numbers are ill-used and ill-staged. at times, the cast seems to start singing and dancing because, well, it's time for them to start singing and dancing. the musical numbers seem randomly inserted into the meandering plot. (at one point, the butler steps outside the manor house and breaks into an operetta solo for no clear reason.) the numbers include:  "i'm dancing and i can't be bothered now" -- fred dances well on a foggy traffic-filled london street. he does some great "cane-twirling" with a rolled umbrella -- but the number ends too soon when fred jumps on a passing double-decker bus. (in the broadway musical, "crazy for you," harry groener did a much better version of this number with a group of chorus girls.) "put me to the test" -- fred, george, and gracie do a trio tap dance in an english cottage. george and gracie match fred step for step, but the number ends poorly with everyone kicking each other for no reason. "stiff upper lip" (the fun house number) -- at an amusement park fun house, fred, george, and gracie have fun dancing on the revolving floor, rotating barrel, and with the fun house mirrors. it's the best number of the movie, but it gets a little repetitious at times. "things are looking up" -- fred and joan fontaine do their one dance number together in the film, prancing around the back woods of the country manor estate. fortunately, it's a very simple dance number because joan is not a great dancer. "a foggy day in london town" -- fred wanders around the foggy manor estate at night, crooning about the foggy day when he first met joan in london. at times, he looks as if he's not sure which way he's going in the fog -- much like the musical number itself. "nice work if you can get it" -- a great song that is misused in the movie. during a social event at the manor house, fred gets drawn into a chorus of dour-faced singers who are haphazardly singing this song. each time fred joins in, the other singers look at him as if they wish he would leave. (again, harry groener did a better dance number with this song in "crazy for you.")  "drum dance number" -- as fred and joan are eloping, fred has to stop and do one final tap dance number while banging a group of drums. as usual, it's a great dance number. but there's absolutely no need for it, except to prolong the movie.the most contrived moment in the film comes when fred decides to leap off a high stone balcony at the country estate in order to prove his love for joan fontaine. as he leaps from the balcony, he finds a conveniently-placed trapeze -- that's right, a *trapeze* -- hanging from a nearby tree. fred (or rather, a stuntman in fred's clothes) grabs the trapeze and swings to the ground from it.the movie is worth owning on dvd for the dance numbers alone, but you feel indebted to the guy who invented the fast forward button on your remote. the >>ff button allows you to skip through the other, boring scenes in the film to get to the dance numbers.

this "movie" is more like a music video. kusturica said in an interview from 2004 that when he is making movies, he feels like making music, and when he is making music, he feels like making movies. the best thing in "promise me this" is the music, written by stribor kusturica.kusturica said in the same interview, that for him the dialogues in the movies are like noise. "promise me this" has very little "noise".i liked "life is a miracle". it was also like music video for the first 30 minutes and at some points later, but it had a beautiful plot. "promise me this" has no plot. i was awaiting this movie with big expectations, because i've read, that the script has been written by ranko bozic - one of my favourite scriptwriters, who participated also in "life is a miracle". ranko bozic writes great dialogues, but for kusturica they are "noise", and much to my regret, i saw only two dialogues, which i could identify as written by ranko bozic. the other part of the script was used by the director for making his chaotic music video for the music of his son stribor.gordan mihic (the man who wrote the scripts for "time of the gypsies" and "black cat white cat") said in an interview, that kusturica never follows the script. "black cat white cat" was the only script, for which kusturica said, that he will not touch it. according to gordan mihic, after all kusturica comes back to the script, and if he doesn't, he doesn't make a good movie. and i think this is the case with "promise me this". he should have followed the script of ranko bozic."promise me this" is billed as a "comedy", but there are very few moments, which made me laugh. the comedic moments are in the same style as "black cat white cat", but are not that funny at all. i think the difference comes from the fact, that "black cat white cat" was written by gordan mihic.however, i know some people, who liked "promise me this", they find it very positive movie.

after life is a miracle, i did not expect much. it's hard to believe that these films were made by the same man as do you remember dolly bell, for instance. zavet is two hours of silly antics with no story. the wild and unbridled humor of underground seems to have degenerated into pathetic buffoonery here. it appears that kusturica has been going steadily downhill since he started making life-affirming comedies, beginning with black cat, white cat, which i think was great, but already had some disturbing signs of dementia. i liked his early films so much, and this is why it's especially disappointing to see something like this. let's hope his next one will be great.

i did not expect a lot from this movie, after the terrible "life is a miracle". it turns out that this movie is ten times worse than "life ...". i have impression that director/writer is just joking with the audience: " let me see how much emptiness can you (audience) sustain". dialogues are empty, ... scenario is minimalistic. in few moments, photography is really nice. few sarcastic lines are semi-funny, but it is hard to genuinely laugh during this "comedy". i've laughed to myself for being able to watch the movie until the end. if you can lift yourself above this director's fiasco, ... you will find good acting of few legends (miki manojlovic, aleksandar bercek), and very good performance of emir's son stribor kusturica.in short: too bad for such a great director ! emir kusturica is still young and should be making top-rated movies. instead, he chooses to do this low-budget just-for-my-private theater movie, with arrogant attitude toward the world trends and negligence toward his old fans.

not really spoilers in my opinion, but i wanted to cover myself, nevertheless. as the executive producer, morgan freeman wants the audience to ignore the numerous absurdities of his character in 10 items or less, a movie with an intentional indie-feel, and just be absorbed in the mentor/be-all-that-you-can-be theme. he plays a alternate universe, semi-washed up version of the real morgan freeman, who is chauffeured in an old econovan by a kid all the way into carson, ca from brentwood to research his next movie role. why carson, is a mystery to so. cal residents. he could have saved the trip and gone anywhere in the san fernando valley and found the same elements. paz vega is pretty to watch, a cross between salma hayek and penelope cruz, playing a disgruntled grocery checker at a large but slow local market that apparently is the ultimate source for moragn freeman's research. his character is only known as "him" to allude to how actors are regarded when encountered in real life by average people-"psst, that's 'him,' etc. unfortunately, i was too distracted that him had all kinds of worldly wisdom and advice but had no reliable return back to his home in brentwood, carried no cash or debit card, or had the wisdom to keep a cell phone with him. if one has such a high opinion of their self that they believe they possess an answer to everything like him does, then i gotta see cash and a blackberry which displays intelligence and good survival instincts to preserve that big ego which him definitely has. nothing really happens in this movie. i don't believe that either of the main character's were substantially changed by their encounter with each other. it flirts with the idea of adultery, but then that thought fizzles. this to me was similar to steve martin's shopgirl, without the sexual affair. it was self-indulgent for freeman and unconvincing to the audience.

"valentine" is another horror movie to add to the stalk and slash movie list (think "halloween", "friday the 13th", "scream", and "i know what you did last summer"). it certainly isn't as good as those movies that i have listed about, but it's better than most of the ripoffs that came out after the first "friday the 13th" film. one of those films was the 1981 canadian made "my bloody valentine", which i hated alot. "valentine" is a better film than that one, but it's not saying much. the plot: a nerdy young boy is teased and pranked by a couple of his classmates at the beginning of the film. then the film moves years later when those classmates are all grown up, then they're picked off one-by-one. the killer is presumed to be the young boy now all grown up looking for revenge. but is it him? or could it be somebody else? "valentine" has an attractive cast which includes denise richards, david boreanaz, marley shelton, jessica capshaw, and katherine heigl. they do what they can with the material they've got, but a lackluster script doesn't really do them any justice. there are some scary moments throughout, however. ** (out of four)

yes, definitely better than my viewing of death tunnel. actually some of the deaths were pretty original and the gore was decent. it was kind of like wrong turn meets the hills have eyes.but: 1.) when the "kids" (high school or college?) are discussing horror movies in the kitchen, everything shae says is almost an exact quote from scream (1996). the thing about the big-breasted girls etc.2.) was steve not a bootleg randy from scream? 3.) besides the fact that it took place in october, what the hell did the movie have to do with samhain? pretty unnecessary if you ask me. i find it humorous when i see those horror movies from the 80's that explain away loose ends by pointing the fingers at the druids or a pentagram.4.) wow they made a sam raimi reference!!! 5.) why was gary and his sister in the movie? they're characters had nothing to do with anything. and hes so psychic that he couldn't even see his own death? 6.) when gary was being killed in the bathroom (at that point, the deaths became simply troma-licious) how could she hear the screams when she was downstairs but not hear them when she was standing outside the door? 7.) gary's sister commented on haggis- thats primarily a scottish dish, not irish.8.) so the lesson is if you are like shae and don't have any fun or crack a smile through the whole film, you'll be the one to live? 9.) the mutants were pretty cool, but they looked like walking dishes of chili con carne.10.) when they brought in gary's sister, did they forget that steve had been strapped there and wonder where he went? 11.) was there not more than one killer? shae beat that one, but never encountered any more of them.12.) what was with the flashbacks to those other people? half of them shae didn't know if they were dead or alive, so what was with that? 13.) why didn't they kill gary and his sister before? 14.) why did no one ever call the police? and apparently everybody knew those people lived in the woods, why did they never organize some kind of raid? 15.)as far as i know, they were not zombies or vampires- so how could she "turn into" one at the end? i'm with everyone else on the giant "huh?" at the end.way better than death tunnel, but still quite sloppy. i still don't understand why they even placed it in ireland, considering samhain had close to nothing to do with the plot.

i have been watching horror movies since i was 5 years old, beginning with childs play.since then, i have seen good horror movies and bad, but this is without question, the dumbest movie i have ever seen! the actors did all they could with the material. the plot was just idiotic. plus , it was just all gore. i can stomach a lot of blood, but that was just ridiculous! in one of the scenes, a character gets stabbed in the rear end and choked with his intestines! plain stupid! another problem with this movie is that its boring and probably the slowest movie ever made. the end of it is just dumb. but then again, it goes with the rest of it! at the end, when the girl gets away from the cannibal/ancestor, she receives help from a old lady. the old lady is making tea, but when she turns around to talk to the girl, the girl attacks her! she turned into a cannibal! retarded movie.

evil breed is a very strange slasher flick that is unfortunately no good.the beginning of the film seems promising but overall it's a disaster.the dialogue is pretty bad but not near as bad as the acting.the acting is brutal and unbearable.most of the characters deliver there lines horribly and even if that is on purpose the method doesn't work because the characters become annoying.some of the kills are innovative but it took far too long to get to them.after about a half hour through the movie we get the first death (other than in the beginning)and then almost every other character is smoked within the next five minutes.the movie then turned into sort of a spoof with ridiculous looking characters,unrealistic karate like fights,and a scene in which a man gets his intestines pulled out of his a*sscrack.none of it is funny it's just plain ridiculous.the film then becomes ultra gory and ultra pointless.most of the characters are clichéd even for slasher standards and are as solid as butter left on the counter for 5 days.evil breed isn't even laughably bad therefore it fails in it's main task.watch texas chainsaw massacre,just before dawn,or see no evil for a real slasher.

understand i'm reviewing the film i have seen. i realize virtually all the nudity and gore was cut from this film, thus neutering it completely. when seeing names like ginger lynn and jenna jameson attached, i knew i wasn't going to get a horror classic, but at the very least i expected gratuitous boobies and bloodshed. but no, this has got to be the most butchered modern horror film, i mean it's easy to tell there is much more to certain scenes', but they suddenly cut away, or the scene just totally ends right as it begins. how does one screw up cannibals' and porn stars? i mean thats a winning formula, it makes me wonder if the director slept with some executive's wife or something, because it is literally amazing how much got cut from this. reading about it a few years back in fangoria, i was excited, it looked like a fun film, but unfortunately the true film is locked in a vault somewhere, and we must endure this piece of excrement retitled evil breed. hopefully an unrated cut will be released someday, as i think a good movie exists in this mess, but until then best grab a twelve pack of bud, cause thats the only way you'll make it through this movie.

justifications for what happened to his movie in terms of distributors and secondary directors, drunks and receptionists doing script rewrites aside, let's just take this movie as it's offered, without extraneous explanations.this movie is god awful. straight up craptastic. rather than rehash what may serve as a plot, i'll run a highlight reel of some curious points that made me scratch my head.a class (of 5) take a field trip for a history class to the middle of friggin' nowhere ireland. these students may be canadian or american, it's difficult to tell. that it was filmed in a canadian forest rather than ireland is rather obvious as well. one student seems to know nothing about history and is basically the "dumb jock" character from a number of kick ass 80's movie, except when he channels randy from scream. one character may be chris klein's stunt double. he has a girlfriend who probably gets killed, but it's never really established if that is true. one character is sullen and removed from her peers...just...cuz... and then there's a blonde girl. yay blonde girl.ireland has a population of 2. they're cousins. gary, who is clearly the same age or younger than the rest of the cast, is called "sir" more than once. he's very ominous and wears a knit cap. his cousin is a roughed up porn star with the worst irish accent to befoul film in my lifetime and most likely beyond.picturesque ireland features many canadian forests and swampy areas and 2 ducks which appear more than once in cut scenes.the producers got a discount on volume fake entrails. good for them.unbeknownst to me, horribly inbred freaks have access to brand spanking new hunting knives. perhaps there's some kind of outdoorsman outlet nearby with a blind and deaf clerk working the register.also unbeknownst to me, if you inbreed for roughly 600 years, as the story leads us to believe happened, you end up being somewhat lumpy, yet amazingly spry and fairly strong. genetics are a wonderful game of craps.there may or may not be more than one freak in this film. reference is made to "them" and we see shadows, yet only one odd looking dude is seen ever. and when one odd looking dude is finally killed, apparently all danger is passed. i'm running with my initial assumption that no one thought to outfit a second man in full make up, thus they just used the one. that's what it looks like on screen, anyway.richard grieco should be ashamed.also of note, aside from those shiny new knives, the inbred freaks have access to some posh leather gear, as once richard grieco cuts his bonds, there are fresh ones ready for the next sucker who gets tied up...who also then escapes, because the chains give you enough slack to just undo them, making one wonder why they even bother tying anyone up.a dead body in a shack will be maggot-ridden after what i would guess is about 2 hours has passed. said dead body will also have glasses on, when no characters wore them. curious.jenna jameson appears for no reason from stage left, chats for 2 minutes, vanishes stage left. in the middle of a giant forest. that's not unusual, as gary can also pop out of nowhere, which is also known as whatever exists in tv land off the screen.ms. jameson dies sadly and somehow her clothes vanish like my hopes that this movie wouldn't suck wind.i offer a special nod to the "breeder" character, the poor girl who has been used by the freaks for months (or maybe years) for breeding purposes. the poor girl who still has eye shadow on and emotes on camera with all the passion and conviction of a stuffed chihuahua.the ending of this movie was clearly tacked on by a drunk or someone with a fierce mental disability that has been cultivated and encouraged with excessive gasoline drinking over the years.apparently this wasn't just random crap i found on the movie network late at night, apparently people have heard of and even followed this movie through it's production. how sad for you all. i have nothing more to say. may god have mercy on us all.

tourists head to ireland for a school trip to learn about druids. what they encounter is a horrific tale of cannibalistic killers.if i had to sum up evil breed, it would be a low grade gore fest. the film mixes dead alive, evil dead, wrong turn all in one. it's just too bad that the film has so many inconsistencies to keep track of that it loses any "fun" one would have watching it. the film has lots of random "horror" nudity...although the film also stars four porn stars, yup four, so there could have been plenty more. breed also showcases a good amount of gore. evil breed has a horrible start, with laughable dialogue and horrible acting. that's a given in a straight to video horror film, but this takes the cake. i can't really figure out who the main character is, since the one female who "lives" at the end is not really in the movie all that much. speaking of the ending, that has to be one of the most random and bogus ending in the history of film. it has no purpose with the rest of the film and totally changes one's view of the film.you have to see this film to believe it, since there are some pretty great death scenes. there are two death scenes that come into my mind, one in which the inbred killer rips the intestines out of a naked woman through her chest....yea her chest, don't ask me. the other id when the guy gets his intestines, yet again, ripped out through his asshole. does that kill the guy? no, the killer continues to strangle the guy with his own intestines. these scenes remind me so much of dead-alive, with the right amount of humour in each. i also got the sense of evil dead, with the pointless mentions of horror films and sam raimi. along with halloween, when the female character is in a closet screaming for her life with the killer trying desperately;y to get in.although, the gore and nudity are not enough for the poor audio and visual quality of the film. when the teacher wakes up from her bed and walks down the stairs, her footsteps are so loud and hard that it seems like she was wearing boots. distracting indeed. as well as the continuity in the film, with only one inbred killer? as well as which character dies at which moment. i couldn't tell if the breast implant chick was jenny or gary's sister/cousin...i can't remember. as well as the random naked chick with a dead baby hanging out of her body, still attached with the umbilical cord.the horrible editing is distracting as well, the opening credits are too fast and disorienting. it did have a bad start and got better, but the ending just brings the film back down to a horrible level. if maybe there were better production values and more faith put into this film, then it wouldn't have been horribly butchered to death. stay away from this film, unless you are happy with the below budget horrible bad film with decent gore.

oh, this is so bad, it is funny. the only way one could explain something like this is a porn party with drugs that resulted in the resolution to make a movie just for fun. i mean: you get to see porn actresses topless, having sex, then killed by human mutants. there is plenty of gore, including the classic "something is wrong with her, oh no, it's half the person she used to be" and the accidental murder caused by panic. but you can also find funny stuff like intestines pulled through someone's ass and a guy running in the woods then finding himself decapitated by a wire tied between two trees (that makes a metallic doiiing sound afterward, like in cartoons). somehow there is a market for people going beyond porn, they really need to know what's inside an actress, mere genitals are not enough. therefore you get to see plenty of summary autopsies on slain bimbos. there is no dialog. jenna and chasey have really small parts and i really wonder what richard grieco wanted when accepting a role here. i think this is a film one must watch with the button on fast forward and watch only the juicy stuff, just to be reminded of the old school c class horror movies.

the only remarkable fact is the participation of klaus kinski who plays a priest. don't ask me why he does it! a bad, bad movie overall.

the ballad of django is a meandering mess of a movie! this spaghetti western is simply a collection of scenes from other (and much better!) films supposedly tied together by "django" telling how he brought in different outlaws. hunt powers (john cameron) brings nothing to the role of django. skip this one unless you just have to have every django movie made and even that may not be a good enough excuse to see this one!!

that's incredible! fidani (who he was also a spiritist) was one of the cheapest director of all the world. this movie stole the original title of leone's "duck you sucker!" but tell the boring story of a pinkerton agent against the killer "testa di ferro" (the improbable gordon mitchell, a stuntman). all is poor and crazy in this pelicula filmed into the dear landscapes of lazio. the story is bad and crazy at the same time. fidani was not able and ingenuos at the same time. into the story happened some kind of crazy illogical things (like the discussion into the sheriff's house and the demential appearance of butch cassidy !?!?!?!?!? yes, really butch cassidy,who is portrayed like an idiot). terribles nuit americaine, absurd comportaments, illogic plot, bad acting and a fugace appearance by one of the most rewarded anchorman in the story of italian television, renzo arbore. ah, of course: klaus kinski. yes is great and terrible, but i'm sure he was in it only for money an for playing with iron horses) 2 of 10 but...don't miss it!!!!!

i am a big fan of the spaghetti western genre, and i usually also like most of the cheaply made ones. infamous director demofilo fidani, however, is rightly known for some of the cheapest, trashiest, and, well, worst contributions to the genre. the plots of fidani's movies were usually very weak, and since his talent was quite limited, he usually tried to sell the movies by adding famous spaghetti western names like "django" of "sartana" to the titles. i the particular case of "giù la testa... hombre" of 1971 he just took the title of sergio leone's "giù la testa" (aka. "duck you sucker") and added 'hombre'. the movie can be found under various titles ("fistful of death", "western story"...), i personally bought it under the name "adios companeros", which this movie shares with another fidani film with almost the same cast, "per una bara piena di dollari", which is also entitled "adios companeros" in the german language version.the plot is rather weak, it basically follows a guy named macho callaghan (jeff cameron) and his involvement with two rivaling outlaw gangs lead by butch cassidy (jack betts) and ironhead (gordon mitchell).the leading performance by jeff cameron is, kindly stated, not very convincing. neither did i find jack betts very good as 'butch cassidy'. b-movie legend gordon mitchell, however, is always worth a try, and although he probably wasn't a very good actor, i always found his performances in the spaghetti westerns quite funny and original, and he actually saved some of fidani's movies (such as the rather crappy "django and sartana... showdown in the west").there is one very funny and original thing about "giù la testa... hombre" - the great klaus kinski is playing a priest! i could have imagined kinski in any role, but before seeing this movie i would never have guessed that anybody would cast him as a priest. kinski is, once again, great, although he has only little screen time, and one scene, where he breaks up a fight, is probably the only good scene in this. one more interesting thing about this film is that the legendary director and king of sleaze joe d'amato did the cinematography."giù la testa... hombre" is a cheap, crappy film, but nevertheless, it has some funny moments. being a spaghetti western enthusiast, i found it fun to watch, but if you're not, never mind this movie, or watch it only for the purpose of seeing kinski play a priest. 3/10

a quite usual trashy italo-western, stupid storyline full of clichés and lack of logic, some mediocre actors, dirty settings, lots of punch-fights and people shoot dead on a massive scale.this has nothing to do with django. - at least not in my german translated version, this german dvd-release is called "adios companeros" and has macho callaghan fighting against butch cassidy and ironhead because their gang killed his one (he's the only survivor). then you have butch cassidy and ironhead fighting each other because they quarreled and the gang split. and you have ironhead fighting against everyone because he's just the biggest and most greedy asshole anyway. yeah, that's it, no more cleverness in the storyline, hehe.a small role by klaus kinski as reverend cotton is remarkable (that's why i bought this dvd). in one scene he attempts to separate two men fighting by hitting them and screaming "i said love!" and in another scene he wins a competition in throwing horseshoes and goes nuts for a second - fantasticfantasticfantastic!!!it's also remarkable that joe d'amato aka aristide massaccesi did the cinematography - i love this master of incompetent exploitation-thrash, so it was an "aahhh" for me.

in 1914, charlie chaplin began making pictures. these were made for mack sennett (also known as "keystone studios") and were literally churned out in very rapid succession. the short comedies had very little structure and were completely ad libbed. as a result, the films, though popular in their day, were just awful by today's standards. many of them bear a strong similarity to home movies featuring obnoxious relatives mugging for the camera. many others show the characters wander in front of the camera and do pretty much nothing. and, regardless of the outcome, keystone sent them straight to theaters. my assumption is that all movies at this time must have been pretty bad, as the keystone films with chaplin were very successful.the charlie chaplin we know and love today only began to evolve later in chaplin's career with keystone. by 1915, he signed a new lucrative contract with essenay studios and the films improved dramatically with chaplin as director. however, at times these films were still very rough and not especially memorable. no, chaplin as the cute little tramp was still evolving. in 1916, when he switched to mutual studios, his films once again improved and he became the more recognizable nice guy--in many of the previous films he was just a jerk (either getting drunk a lot, beating up women, provoking fights with innocent people, etc.). the final evolution of his little tramp to classic status occurred in the 1920s as a result of his full-length films.it's interesting that this film is called twenty minutes of love since the film only lasts about 10 minutes! oh well. the plot, what little there is, involves the little tramp in the park. a couple wants to neck but inexplicably, charlie insists on practically sitting on the couple's lap and really annoying them. i can't understand why and the short consists of charlie wandering about the park annoying these people and some others later in the film. perhaps he was looking for a threesome, i don't know. but the film lacks coherence and just isn't particularly funny--even when people start slapping each other and pushing each other in the lake. a typical poor effort before chaplin began to give his character a plot and personality.

although twenty minutes of love is a harmless attempt at an early comedy, it was difficult to follow and the film quality was not very good. it does have a couple of moments that are funny, but i have seen better by charlie chaplin.

i saw this film last night (about 102 minutes) and don't know what kept me in my seat. i guess i just expected a film with gere would have some value in it eventually but nothing of value ever came on the screen. the story is a silly excuse to pile on shot after shot of bondage and torture. there is not a character in the film that does anything like real life. the cutting "style" relies on jump cuts, mini flashbacks and overprinting to give weight to this vapid setup of a gang of sadists apparently running free for years and surprise the leader is the "victim" of an executed killer. i don't see how gere, a buddhist, got involved in this violent, sexist trash.

i really have problems rating this movie. it is directed brilliantly, there is obviously a lot of money in it. gere and danes are intense (although her screen personality could use a bit more defining and spicing up), editing and cinematography are excellent. on the other hand, it is one of those really really sick movies where one cannot help but wonder whether the director himself likes to stage specific scenes, and, yes, one cannot help but wonder how many copycats will such a movie inspire.in purely artistic terms, it is a 9, but i really have to ask myself who these people are giving their money to produce such a movie ....

the reasons to watch this knock off... err... tribute to a great movie called se7en: - it's on while your channel surfing and there's nothing else on. - someone pays you to watch it.do yourself a favor and pop in the dvd for se7en, rent it, download it on itunes, or put it in your netflix cue and skip the flock entirely. the flock the same story with with a few changes. furthermore the editing just wreaks of se7en and actually ends up taking you out of the story several times. the worst one is probably the fly over desert helicopter shots, with sounds of people people chattering over the radio, except there are no police helicopters flying overhead in this one.bottom line: i call it a blatant knock off. if you wanna be nice you can call it a tribute film, go ahead, but either way go watch se7en.

first this deserves about 5 stars due to acting (some which would give me a better subjective opinion and not an objective one as it should by giving this one, well deserved, star) but then i know that those facts are used for the actor(s) names to increase the rating of something like this...i do have a problem with such productions; yet another attempt (just like "untraceable") of a systematic propagandistic feature promoting government intrusion on your rights( how interesting that it comes at a moment when ips providers trying to "preferentiate" = censor information, and the americans and canadians are fighting against that at this very moments). this time is not by labeling torrent file transfers as evil ( that one was intended to remind you of such feeling whenever you transfer data on the net), but by literally attempting in creating a sexual frustrated population as a whole. seems like fear promotion is hollywood's norm this days, especially when coming to thrillers which is the most "on demand" motion picture genre for past 2 decades or so = most viewed, best way to try influence the society as a whole. such levels of violence are depicted in this 2 features of morally and "ethical" people, that it gives a new much needed meaning to "anti-heroes" figures. make no mistake , this is not "dexter" which was meant to be high-quality entertainment.stop selling "fear" please, the world would be a better place without it and the dollars made of it.the opening scene and generally the first 10 minutes really give a frightful picture of an erroll babbage that is clearlly suffering of sexual frustration. the way he handles the black male is very disturbing if not outright racist(for sure a "cliche" at least) ( in real life someone would probably get a beating for it, you will see what i mean). the second scene ( with claire danes's character present) is even more extreme. at that point i realized, in my opinion that erroll babbage is a very dangerous individual to people around him.how many people, that have seen or will see this movie, have never been "hold down"(regarding both sexes) out of self, common gratification!?.typically the movie gives an extreme criminal case(that unfortunately did, is and will likely happen again sometime , somewhere) but fingers everyone else indirectly as well as "you could become that", etc. anyone that is familiar with sigmund freud and jung will know very well that sexuality is not something to be judged let alone "asses" , by such fanatical "hero" here. safe sex in its many forms is healthy and not some evil that apparently richard gere character is obsessed with , on his way for some sexual "crusade". have we not learned anything from the abundant recent scandals involving priests and young boys!? or for how long an american teenager can see extreme violence on "pg-13" but he can not even see a woman breast until "r-18"!?!?( yet the industry targets them with this very same sexual perversions like "american pie" series for example).raise the kids tester-one levels but frustrate them and drive them underground in developing fetishes to unhealthy extremes!? all sexual activities(upon mutual acceptance) integrates individuals better then some "rightous" nut-case, that blames his misfortunes and shortcomings on "the lives of others"( a new german movie that would work great in comparing this 2 distinct and world apart features on the very same subject).here, like in that movie, you will probably appreciate the actors for well portraying the opposite of what they should have been.i am very disappointed with richard gere especially after the recent " hunting party", a feature where he really shines and about a more realistic "hero"( after real facts as well).but then it just reminds me that all those people are only actors that get paid to play someone's political and social agenda. "the flock" and "untraceable" 2 heads of the same hidden beast)))it just reminds you, if know anyone with similar views on the subject as a whole, as erroll babbage has those here, to stay clear of them for their own safety.they would kill my family faster then any 0.00001 chances of paul jerrod in anyone's life would...in the end i recommend this to anyone thinking negative here about my "assesment" of this particular movie ( and "untraceable" actually), so you can likely have similar thoughts as i did. nothing sweeter then a propagandistic movie shooting itself in the "foot".))))for once i agree with the rating, this is not a feature for teenagers or kids; simply because at best would confuse them even more then the "common" belief of "money+fame+fashion" and how that relates to sexuality. "scream" series and movies as such at least have a defined entertainment value(even if a dumb one in my opinion). but this one is just another "trust me i know what is good for you" deeply (not so well done i might add) subliminal messages.

a bad rip-off attempt on "seven", complete with sub-second-grade acting, awful camera work, half-baked story and strong aftertaste of lame propaganda. yeah, them "sex offenders", they live next door and you're gonna get raped, really.no surprises from the vice-terminatrix woman, she acts as always -- as convincingly as a piece of wood. richard gere keeps on sliding lower and lower -- and is about as low here as a late steven seagal.the singer woman with the crazy eyes is best when she's dead in bed; and even the wolf was sub-par (although she was the best performer in the movie) -- maybe they fed her before the shots, or something.unlike "seven", which had a (made up, but interesting) story, to which one could relate more or less regardless of the country, this movie seems to focus on a us-only obsession. if one doesn't care much about "sex offenders" -- and the statistics are that lack of exercise and bad diet cause more pain, suffering and death -- there is little reason to see it, or to be afraid.there are some body part fetishes and some snuff, but the gore is less then mediocre, and fails both as artistic device (because it is pointless) and as gore, because it is not gory enough.don't waste time on this one.

the flock is not really a movie. it's a wannabe movie, with wannabe actors. not including richard gere, he gave an excellent performance, but when only one of the actors truly gives himself to his character, and the rest of the cast is just acting... the result is pathetic, just like this movie. you see, the idea of acting is to hide the fact that you're acting. what the hell was claire dains doing in this one?! she's the most inappropriate actress for this character. in 99.9% of the movie she looked extremely out of place, out of everything!! the only thing she was doing was asking stupid questions, like " do you really think so?? " , and making silly faces. i was embarrassed by her acting, seriously, and i used to like her... she's the romantic movie type, i don't know who picked her among all the actresses out there.... lol, and seeing avril lavigne?! this really made me laugh.. anyway.. if you want to get the feeling of throwing up, this movie will do the job for you!!! i wish i could vote -5..

i just saw this film yesterday.my girlfriend wanted to see it only because of richard gere.i feel i wasted my time and money and told my girlfriend it's the last time we go to see a film just because a certain actor/actress is in it. i hope she learned the lesson because i had trouble keeping her in her seat. as of me, since i paid already, i wanted to see the end at least, just in the hope something good would turn up, but i didn't hold my breath, and luckily so cause i would have been a victim of the film just the same.this is not a black and white film, it's a black and black one. the main character (richard gere) is almost as bad as his registrants, and all sex offenders are portrayed as unredeemable hard core criminals and the bad ones among them were really very very bad. speak of a cliché and the exploitation of a typical us phobia.richard gere's acting was good as usual but the blond girl that's supposed to replace him was wishy washy at best. totally unconvincing for the job.the film tries to exploit a popular theme and gives it a cheap, dramatic, and sensational turn that just is unreal. they just use sex offenders as an excuse to indulge in cheap violent acts of murders, vigilante beating, rape and torture - something that almost seems gratuitous. they even have a wolf attacking people in the film - how low can you get.i gather the film won't come out in the usa and will go straight to dvd. that's were it should have stayed in other countries too, but because it's hollywood and richard gere they just had to show it. believe me, without gere, the film is not even worth a b-series movie.

i watched the movie "the flock" because of the casting of gere and danes and because the story synopsis sounded interesting. this was one of the worst movies i've seen in a long while (and i've seen some turkeys.) i've never posted online before but this movie was so awful i had to do so. i suppose the problems begin begin with the script which was so amateurish it's unbelievable. the story makes zero sense and the dialogue is so trite it's nauseating. poor gere, he deserves so much better. as for the gere/danes on screen matchup, because of the horrible writing, one doesn't believe either character for a single minute. i'll bet gere wishes he could buy back the negative, were such a thing possible. it's a shame to see talent wasted so badly, not to mention i wish i could get my 2 hours back. (i know what you're thinking. how do i really feel?)

although the flock has some pretty good acting by veteran richard gere, and some okay shots that might harken some back to the silence of the lambs days, the movie stretches credibility to the breaking point and destroys itself against a plot that really leads nowhere.the film is about erroll babbage (gere) who works for the department of safety and is preparing to retire. his office thrusts upon him his replacement, allison lowry (claire danes, stardust), who quickly discovers that babbage is obsessed with his job. and that job ain't very fun. he monitors hundreds of sexual offenders who are on parole in his jurisdiction. allison goes with erroll on many calls to check up on his "flock" of offenders and learns that he is in desperate need of retirement. but erroll is good at his job even if his methods aren't. he taunts sexual predators and even has physical conflicts with them. erroll justifies his actions by bringing up these deviants' pasts. it is this "good justification" that challenges the audience on some level, letting us see how brutal erroll is and yet how out-of-touch he's become (by being too close to his job).when a teenage girl goes missing in erroll's "area", he immediate leaps to the conclusion that she was abducted by one of his flock. but how could he know? is erroll that good at his job? allison challenges him and erroll pushes back. their battles become as fierce as erroll's need to find this missing girl.although the set-up for the story was okay, it didn't have any umpf! i will give credit to richard gere, however, who plays the erroll character very well. battling retirement. worried about everyone who's near his flock. disgusted with those he's responsible for overseeing. disgusted with himself for having to do some of things he does. quite a change in character portrayal for gere. but beyond him there's not much else. some of the sets are okay (dark and dangerous) but there are so many other problems as to be laughable.i'll be the first to admit that suspending disbelief is a requirement whenever watching films. but that suspension has limits. the biggest push against those limits is the destruction of extremely vital crime scenes. someone as meticulous as erroll would know that moving a body would be a huge no-no. or trampling through a crime scene. or moving evidence. it went beyond and hurt the film to no end.the other damaging part of this film is that we never get into clair danes' character, allison. she's almost dropped by the wayside at the end of the film and we're never privy to what her intension might be: will she stay or leave? will she end up like erroll if she does stay? this isn't a horrible film as it does touch on some uncomfortable moral ground, but the story as a whole needed to be tightened up.

in the title i write that the story is ludicrous. below i'll elaborate and tell you why it, in my humble opinion, ruins this movie.gere and danes are doing their jobs, and while it's not their best work, it's quite ok. the rest of the cast, though, is doing a really poor job. mind you, this is not entirely the actors fault. the problem is that gere and danes are the only ones that have characters that have even the slightest room in the movie to really give any depth. all other characters have either too little room in the movie to create any depth, or the character is such a cliché that it doesn't matter how hard the actors try.the director has a bit of a se7en complex, but looking merely at the direction, i think he does an ok job.but the story. this is the kind of script that is bad in two ways. first of all it's a bad movie script. the characters are shallow (except for gere's and danes' characters), the villains are clichés and the actions of the characters is totally unbelievable. besides this, the writers must have an agenda where they want to bring back our views and ethics a hundred years. it's the kind of movie that are saying that some criminals are still criminals, regardless of the fact that they have paid the price the society has given them. it's also the kind of movie that says, albeit only between the lines, that every form of sexual deviance should be punished without trial, judge or jury. and of course, according to the movie, everything that is not sex in the missionary position by a married couple is a sexual deviance.so, if you're going to film school and need an example of a bad script, or if you're writing scripts yourself and want an ego boost. see it. for everyone else, i recommend another movie.

it got switched off before the opening credits had even finished appearing. the first joke was just so appallingly lame and dreadfully acted that it had to go. you shouldn't really decide to watch this based on my review or not. i saw so little of it i shouldn't even really be commenting but suddenly it all became clear why the video shop guy was sniggering at us paying money to see it.couldn't they have just made earnest does dallas?

i only lasted 15mins before self preservation jerked me out of the empty eyed drooling stupor that this film effortlessly induced and propelled me screaming back to the video shop armed for bear.to say the film was bad would be a missed opportunity to use words interspersed with characters from the top keys on my keyboard (just to keep these comments clean).one to be avoided.

why did i waste my time with this movie? there was not a single funny joke or line throughout. the slapstick wasn't even mildly funny. i mean really, an out of control vacuum sucking pipe? why has the national lampoon's name been attached to this movie? even christmas vacation was better than this (i actually thought that film was very funny).avoid like the plague!

a friend of mine enjoys watching the worst films he can possibly find, and i have a good laugh watching them with him.i have told him if he puts this one on again i will be forced to give him a good kicking.he knows i am serious!

you should know that i am the type of person that watches even the worst of movies to the finish, often out of sheer morbid curiosity. i even watched leprechaun to the end before giving in to the temptation of tearing out my eyes and stamping on them. you should also know that this movie was in my vcr for less than half an hour before i made a frantic leap for the stop button and dashed back the rental store just to put as much distance between me and it as possible.

difficult to call the grudge a horror movie. at best it made me slightly jump from surprise at a couple of moments.if one forgets the (failed) frightening dimension and looks at other sides of the movie, he is again disappointed. the acting is ok but not great. the story can be somewhat interesting at the beginning, while one is trying to get what's happening. but toward the end one understands there is not much to understand. "scary" elements seems sometimes to have been added to the script without reason...so... (yawn) see this movie it if you have nothing more interesting to do, like cutting the carrots or looking at the clouds.

***spoilers***spoilers***spoilers***spoilersthere are bad movies and then there are movies which are so awful that they become affectionately comical in their ineptness. such is the case with columbia pictures' 'the grudge.' this cinematic atrocity began when an otherwise well intentioned american saw a japanese made for tv film 'ju-on' and was inspired to remake the movie in english. this began a virtual tsunami of bad decisions which circumnavigated the globe until it washed ashore in orlando on october 21, 2004.the premise, and i use the word loosely, involves a house in tokyo haunted by a skinny momma ghost who looks like a cross between margaret cho and alanis morrisette, along with her ghastly sidekick a chubby, rambunctious but evil second grader. is there anything scarier than a creepy 8 year old japanese boy? sure there is! count chocula comes to mind. with this whimsical bunch we must add a mysterious black cat who i have affectionately named chim chim. (remember speed racer?) as you have already guessed, they were murdered in this domicile of doom and now desire to kill everyone who enters the premises. you see, as explained by a japanese detective, when someone dies in a rage their ghost seeks revenge on everyone who steps on the property lines as defined by the county commissioner or something like that, i forget. the story begins innocently enough with acclaimed thespian bill pullman leaping to his death from a balcony. my guess is bill pullman got this job because of his kids begged him for a trip to tokyo disneyland. next we endure the mildly interesting saga of nurse yoko, 'oh no don't go in there' screams the audience, but alas she heeds not the dire warnings and is predictably snuffed out like a magic lantern. about 30 minutes into the movie we finally see its american heroine sarah michelle gellar as karen. sarah michelle gellar might be a competent actress but i could not help thinking of buffy the vampire slayer, so much so that it was distracting. it is the equivalent to having jennifer anniston star in a movie about the adventures of six friends in new york. try as you may, you just can't stop thinking about the other project which made her famous. but i digress, karen, the nurse is hired as a replacement for the original care giver who disappeared at spooks r us. she snoops around, meets the ghosts, coma lady dies, and some other stuff happens. watching the fair haired vixen searching for clues i half expected her to find the ghost and pull its mask off to reveal it was actually old man gower who owned the abandoned amusement park! 'i would've gotten away with it too if it weren't for you meddling kids and that dog of yours!' director takashi shimizu, who is vying to be the ed wood of asia, made two unfortunate decisions involving sound. first, he choose to use a soundtrack only when someone is about to be killed. this is an excellent devise for obliterating any suspense because the audience gets a two minute warning to prepare for another miserably predictable murder. second, he gave the ghosts a bizarre guttural noise that sounds like a gargling gopher. after the movie, i heard several people exiting the theatre making the sound and laughing.sarah michelle gellar ends up being the sole survivor. and of course we learn that the fire she set to burn down the house was extinguished in time for the obligatory next chapter. however, considering the humorous reactions of the audience, they did not want a sequel but an apology. 'the grudge' could be easily re-edited into a comedy, perhaps then it will be appreciated for its camp value. baring that, this will go down as the greatest cinematic thriller since 'godzilla vs. megalon.' i would suggest waiting until the movie comes to your local discount theatre where it can receive the public ridicule it so richly deserves.

i watched the malayalam movie "boeing boeing" made in 1985 (which in turn is probably inspired by an english movie of same name) long back. the basic story of garam masala is the same - but it is told in a pathetic way, the classy jokes replaced by routine ones which are found in normal hindi movies (probably the director did this to suit the taste of hindi audience)... i haven't seen the english original. but had really enjoyed the malayalam film (made by priyadarshan himself)which was a side splitting comedy, back then. of course the acting by mohanlal,mukesh and sukumari (who did the cook's role) was so natural and spontaneous.probably, i am too smitten by the malayalam film that i cannot tolerate even the smaller flaws in its hindi remake. but i still feel that akshay kumar and john abraham have overacted. paresh rawal has done a decent job - but doesn't reach anywhere near sukumari.but all in all its ok, if one compares it to other recent hindi comedy movies.

the first half hour of the movie had a steady pace and introduced the characters. however all of a sudden everything was happening too quick, a lame reason for akshey kumar to date 3 girls, very loud over acting by both akshey and john abraham. neha dupia was the highlight of the movie, paresh rawal did well but not as good as his performance in hera pheri. overall this movie was the biggest disappointment the film does no justice to its trailer. save your money and don't watch this movie, watch hera pheri and hungama again!summarising it: a cheap stage show performance and appearance to the film no story or substance, the plot was extraordinarily non-sense good music by preetam the man who bought us dhoom! keep it up! movie shot all in one room, new comers (female cast) were okay as it was their first film but established actors like akshey and john totally disappointed an established director like priyadarshan gives his worst movie ever!

probably the worst bollywood film i've seen.no plot line. very little character developments.full of silly and pointless humor. the whole film was chaotic and direction-less. there was no proper ending to the story. the airport was filmed in a shopping mall. same story chewed over and over again until you want to say "please, just move on with it!!" even the song and dance was pointless and badly choreographed.the only good thing about this movie is that there were hot bods all around... but then most of the bollywood movies have that anyways these days.btw i'm not from an indian background2/10

a shaky hand-held camera was used, presumably to give the film a documentary look, but the effect was so exaggerated that i started to get motion-sickness just from watching it. it looked like someone with cerebral palsy was holding the camera (no offense meant to cp sufferers, but i don't think you would expect to get much work as a cinematographer!) the camera work was so nauseating, and so distracting, that my wife and i considered it unwatchable and gave up on it after 10 minutes of torture. i checked back a while later (it was showing on tv), and it hadn't gotten any better. i suggest giving this one a miss unless you need to get rid of any bad sushi you may have eaten!

for all its visual delights, how much better renaissance would have been in live action. the animation is fantastic in the big picture, yes, but the characters are cold and hollow, much like the story and the style of this film. with real actors, perhaps the world of the film would not have felt so lifeless. there is much to admire here, but at the end i found that all i could do was admire. i did not enjoy the movie that much, and it clarifies something that i did not see before: that the visual elements can be the defining positive aspect of a film, but without a good story and strong characters, it can all be for nothing. i will not go so far as to say that this movie comes to nothing, but sometimes it comes dangerously close. i love dark sci-fi thrillers. blade runner and dark city are two films i thought were wonderful. but blade runner had its tragic villain and dark city had its thought-provoking story arc. renaissance has shadow and light, but little else. i wish i could have liked this movie more, but the weak story and the empty characters stood in the way of that. the renaissance was a historical and artistic burst of color and life. how ironic, then, that one of the most bleak and lifeless movies i've seen this year takes its title from the renaissance.

i read the book a long time back and don't specifically remember the plot but do remember that i enjoyed it. since i'm home sick on the couch it seemed like a good idea and hey !! it is a lifetime movie.the movie is populated with grade b actors and actresses.the female cast is right out of desperate housewives. i've never seen the show but there are lots of commercials for the show and i get the gist. is there nothing original anymore? sure, but not on lifetime.the male cast are all fairly effeminate looking and acting but the girls need to have husbands i suppose.in one scene a female is struggling with a male, for her life, and what does she do??? kicks him in the testicles. what else? women love that but let me tell you girls something... it's not as easy as it's always made to look.it wasn't all bad. i did get the chills a time or two so i have to credit someone with that.

not that i was really surprised....movies are never as good as the books that they originated from. i was looking forward to seeing this movie because this is one of my favorite books, even though i knew it would probably suck. i was hoping to be pleasantly surprised. however, they strayed from the book's storyline too much, and the movie version did not convey how horrible this house really was. ending was different too. lara flynn boyle looked terrible due to some really bad cosmetic surgery. the acting was unremarkable at best. perhaps if a theatrical version was made so that they wouldn't have to stay so much in lifetime's "made for tv movie" box, it would be a better flick. if you saw this movie i highly encourage you to track down the book and read it. i doubt you'll be disappointed and hope you enjoy it as much as i do every time i read it.

it would help to know why it took so long for a book as movie-ready' as "the house next door" to be adapted for film or television. the book was copyrighted in 1978. one reason could be problems designing 'the house'. the house in this lifetime film is really so ugly that i can't imagine anyone buying it. in fact it's so ugly that someone would probably have come and destroyed it as soon as it was built.i'm not crazy about horror genre books, but this one was hard to put down when i came across it around ten years ago. the main characters are not the kind of people to look for anything occult in life, and this is one of the book's strengths. they are not people who would conclude that the architect was some type of demon..(or the devil personified) without witnessing and analyzing the events described so well in the book. however, it is a downbeat book for the most part, and i don't think that appeals to the people who run lifetime. maybe someone will come up with another version of the book in years to come. a better house..better music..a better screenplay and darker lighting...would certainly help.

the cast is ok. the script is awkward at times, and it takes a while to figure out what the point of the movie is. i found myself looking forward to doing the dishes. the shehan bit is a cheesy statement on the war. i guess we were supposed to not notice it...we did. its a house, you did nothing more than kill forty five minutes. the shower part...huh? what was that about? literally, it is i have a client, "ok you can use our shower." yawn. the angles are trying way to hard. there was a set of woods, suddenly its gone cause you can see right through, then next it is deep and animals are dying. in the end this is a horrendous movie of boring proportions.

no mention if ann rivers siddons adapted the material for "the house next door" from her 1970s novel of the same title, or someone else did it. this lifetime-like movie was directed by canadian director jeff woolnough. having read the book a long time ago, we decided to take a chance when the film showed on a cable version of what was clearly a movie made for television. you know that when the critical moments precede the commercials, which of course, one can't find in this version we watched.the film's star is lara flynn boyle who sports a new look that threw this viewer a curve because of the cosmetic transformation this actress has gone through. from the new eyebrows to other parts of her body, ms. boyle is hardly recognizable as col kennedy, the character at the center of the mystery. this was not one of the actress better moments in front of the camera. that goes for the rest of the mainly canadian actors that deserved better.the film has a feeling of a cross between "desperate houswives" with "the stepford wives" and other better known features, combined with a mild dose of creepiness. the best thing about the movie was the house which serves as the setting.

i have been learning about the zodiac for four years now. and i'm not saying i know much more than anyone else...in fact out of most of the people who know and read and learn about z, i am prolly the one with the least knowledge...but i do know or at least i think i know that most of the stuff in this wouldn't happen...from how he signed his name...to how he killed people...i thought that godfather was the worst film ever...the cinematography was that of a five year old...not saying that my films are any better but i am not someone who is making movies for the mass population...the acting i thought for the most part was pretty good really i did...the lead didn't talk that much on camera or at all i forget and don't know because i stopped watching...his voice overs where good...but really spend the four dollars and 70 cents on something else...like a large pizza or something...until i learn how to write a review, psycho phil

the film is about a young man, michael, who cares for the elderly. one day he decides to kill some of the relatives of his clients. around the same time he decides to model his killing after the zodiac killer of the 60's. he gets in touch with the author of a book about the zodiac killer and they form a friendship. michael has a gun (aparently the only gun, as it seems to be in the hands of some of the other actors, only not portrayed as the same gun.) and he goes out a-killin'. original. this is a great film if you like b movies. i thought the idea of the movie was good, but the editing and the acting really drowned the plot. i thought the 'blood' was just too fake, the lighting was horrible in some places, and the dialog was just too standard. the movie was shot on video, which is okay, but the editing of the film just made for some weird 'plan 9' scenes. not a bad movie for fans of the b-movie genre, but if you want something with a bit more polish, move on to something else.

if i could give it a zero, i'd change my mind and give it a -10 instead. absolutely horrible movie with no movie plot, doesn't make sense of what is happening. just plain boring. please don't waste your money on this one. pleaseee!!! this movie could have done so well if it truly depicted the real zodiac killer's story, but nopes, i didn't feel anything but disgust while watching it. do yourself a favor and rent some classic movies instead, its better to watch a movie you've already seen like 3-4 times than watch this crap! i don't understand why people even bother to make such movies when they know its not going to do well. zodiac killer should be called 'boriac killer' instead!!!

why would anyone want to see this?! if this was a film posted on youtube by a teenager, i might have applauded the teen in doing so much with his mommy's video camera. i might have also congratulated his family and friends for doing a good job acting. sadly, it was made by a very experienced film maker and these were, apparently, professional actors--making this a very, very sad film. sad...and very pathetic, actually. as i said, it has a definite made directly to video look about it. it also has narration and acting that just scream "unprofessionals"--how could this be?! the film is filled with lots of corpses and blood. normally this would turn me off completely, as i hate ultra-violent films and don't like seeing all that gore. however, given that none of it is that realistic, it's bearable. however, i should warn you that there are a few scenes that are still pretty disturbing. for example, the scene with the kid throwing a radio into a lady's tub and watching her naked and frying is pretty bad. there are also scenes where you can hear the thought of psychos as they fantasize about killing women. with a level of misogyny that is pretty awful. the people who wrote this are pretty sick--like killing women is meant to be for our entertainment.after a bunch of senseless murders, the film goes to a dining room table--around which are a bunch of goof-balls wearing black hoods without eye holes! they are talking, with pride, about all the murders they have committed and chant. it's all very funny, though i am not sure that was the scene's purpose.then, the film talks about various sex crimes and killings and even vampirism and cannibalism. why, i don't know--perhaps because they people made this got off on this sort of crap. and, once again, you see and hear the thoughts and actions of a creepy german-looking man as he tracks down people and kills them.by the way, considering the film used what i must assume are professional actors, i wondered why so many people were chosen who were clearly germans. while they tried to act like americans and the film was supposed to be in california, the accents are strong. perhaps german audiences watched this and marveled at how "realistic" the acting was, but to any american it's obvious these folks ain't their fellow americans! considering that there really was a zodiac killer (who was never captured), i do wonder why anyone would want to make a "fan film" of sorts for the sick menace?! i mean...was this film meant as a snuff film for pervs? i just can't see anyone else wanting to see this or enjoying it. in fact, i wonder what would motivate anyone to make such a stupid and offensive film?! worthless and deserving to be in imdb's bottom 100 list.

this movie was almost intolerable to sit through. i can get beyond the fact that it looks like it was shot with a home video camera and that this movie is supposed to span over weeks in time yet the characters do not once change outfits, but the acting broke the 4th wall to pieces for me. i've seen better acting in a 4th grade play. aside from that the plot is unrealistic. if the man suspected the guy he would have turned him in. i was also heavily disappointed that all the killings were done with a gun what kind of gore is that. that is not a copycat the zodiac did not kill using just a gun the authorities would have known it wasn't him. another thing that really bothered me was that they called disassociative identity disorder dsm 4 when that is the name of the book used to diagnose people with mental disorders not the name of the disorder. overall i think this movie is not the kind of movie that could be done with a low budget at least not as low as they had or they could have made sure they had better actors or more gore. plenty of people have went the low budget route with out having to use horrible actors look at easy rider that had dennis hopper and jack nicholson and a low budget.

this is easily the worst movie i have ever seen. i'm not exaggerating, i told the guy at blockbuster that they should take it off the shelves. the only thing interesting about this movie is the box. on the box it says "from the director of the boogeyman" so i figured...eh whatever, if this was made recently i'm sure the directing at least won't be too bad :-\, but after i saw the movie and looked at what "boogeyman" they were talking about, it's some nonsense from the early 1980's that he made. great way to rope in unsuspecting viewers.anyway, i think that they just liked the name "zodiac killer", and didn't bother to research any of the actual zodiac's crimes or his mo, or even the years that he was active. all of the crimes they talk about have nothing to do with the zodiac and the "stories" about the original zodiac take place several years after the actual zodiac's crimes did. they also compare the zodiac to "vampire of dusseldorf" fritz haarman throughout the movie and talk to fritz's "son" quite often. the zodiac and haarman were nothing alike, and it makes more sense to compare him to btk who also shot people, not a man who killed people by chewing through their necks. none of the haarman facts are correct either, just a bunch of jumbled nonsense. his son even says "don't forget, his name was fritz haarman with 2 t's"...his actual name just has one! i think that the writer/director simply typed in a google search for serial killers and the quickest ones that came up were the zodiac killer and fritz haarman. "ooh those sound like cool names, let's make a movie about them without doing any outside research! great idea!"perhaps my favorite inconsistency in this movie is the way that the experts as well as the young killer describe suffering from dsm-iv and getting cured of it. "i was also diagnosed with dsm-iv and have since recovered", etc. for those of you who don't know, dsm-iv is the psychological manual for mental disorders. if anybody suffers from the book itself then they must have some serious problems! haha.anyway, my point is that this goes on the bottom of my top 5 worst movies of all time list, and it's rare that a movie ever reaches that point. but, if you are interested in watching a totally non-fact based story about serial killers that happens to be nothing more than boring, full of inexperienced actors, and not completely rational, i'd say check out this movie....oh, and i liked how the killer "tear gassed" a few of his victims with dry ice. nice touch...

well i'll start with the good points. the movie was only 86 minutes long, and some of it was so bad it was funny. now for the low points. my first warning sign came with an actual "warning" on the film. when it started the following "warning" was displayed: "the film you are about to see contains graphic and disturbing images. because contrary to popular belief being killed is neither fun, pretty or romantic." i should have saved myself the 86 minutes and turned it off then. the first words of the film were: "i'm at the glue factory." it was some guy talking on his phone, and he was referring to a nursing home as a glue factory. i don't know why. so the basis of the movie is some kid is obsessed with the zodiac killer and starts imitating him. the budget for this film was at least 50 bucks and they must have used the cheapest cameras they could find. the acting was worse than me reading straight from a script. that's what is looked like they were doing. the script was horrible, and the big "twist" was that this guy who wrote a biography on the zodiac killer was actually the zodiac killer. of course they tried to show this subtly but made it totally obvious within the first 10 minutes. without any more painful details of the plot, here were some horrible highlights of the movie. they try to make the zodiac killer compare himself to an "army of one" because soldiers are really just murderers. then they tried to make an attempt at "satanic worship" by showing some guys in black hoods in a meeting. the great "computer hacker" was able to get this kid's address when someone gave him the kid's name and phone number. for some reason he had to hack into the fbi to get someone address. i'm not sure why he didn't just look it up in the phone book or use whitepages.com. there was also a random allusion to 9/11 for no reason. i also learned that no matter where you get shot, blood will come out of your mouth within seconds.so if you like really bad acting, sub-par scripts, bad camera work and an obvious plot, you'll love zodiac killer!

zodiac killer. 1 out of 10. worst acting ever. no really worst acting ever. david hess (last house on the left. no the one from the seventies. rent it it's really good) is the worst of the bunch (pretty stiff competition but he is amazingly god-awful.) one would be hard pressed to find a home movie participant with such an awkward camera presence. the film actually screeches to a stunning painful halt when he is on the screen.not that the film actually has any redeeming qualities for mr. hess to ruin. it is filmed with a home movie camera and by the looks of things a pretty old one complete with attached boom mike. no post production either. come on there has to be some shovelware a five year old computer could use that could clean up this picture. throw in bizarre stock footage pictures of autopsy's and aircraft carrier takeoffs and this is one visually screwed up picture. the autopsy pictures are interjected the way italian cannibal films interject those god-awful real life animal killings. and the navy footage is supposed to be some anti war statement (cause we know all the bloodthirsty maniacs join the navy) what in the world is lion's gate is doing releasing this garbage? it would embarrass troma. the plot is about the zodiac killer (last seen in dirty harry . no the one from the seventies. rent it it's really good) somebody gets shot in the stomach in la and the cops assume the zodiac killer is back? uh-huh. what can you expect from a movie that doesn't know that dsm iv is a book not a psychiatric disorder and where the young killer older man relationship resembles that of a congressional page and closeted congressman? yeah eighties haircuts and production values meet a nambla subplot. sign me up.

awful, awful, awful.a condescending remark at the start and a few nasty autopsy photos does not a good movie make. once again i'm amazed at the determination and skill that some people have in achieving a movie production and yet they don't have the pride to realise that what they have made is an utter pile of crap.i sat and tried to think of a redeeming feature so that i could at least balance my criticism but the only one i could think of was that the opening track by pink was pretty good....i wonder if she has seen this?watch this at your peril, the boredom may kill you.

this movie is bad. i don't just mean 'bad' as in; "oh the script was bad", or; "the acting in that scene was bad".....i mean bad as in someone should be held criminally accountable for foisting this unmitigated pile of steaming crud onto an unsuspecting public. i won't even dignify it with an explanation of the (plot??) if i can refer to it as that.i can think of only one other occasion in some 40-odd years of movie watching that i have found need to vent my spleen on a movie. i mean, after all, no one goes out to intentionally make a bad movie, do they? well, yes. apparently they do...and the guilty man is writer/director ulli lommel. but the worst of it is that blockbusters is actually renting this to their customers! be advised. leave this crap where it belongs. stuck on the shelf, gathering dust.

the gospel of lou was a major disappointment for me. i had received an e-mail from the theater showing it that it was a great and inspirational movie. it was neither great nor inspirational. the cinematography was pretty iffy with the whole movie. a lot the scenes were flash backs that were done in a way that couldn't tell at times what they were about. the voices were often distorted for no reason. also many of the people in the movie were far fetched. the relationship he has with his ex & son is never made clear. also the whole movie has most him one way, and then all of a sudden bam, he is cured and inspiring people. the whole movie seems to show that boxing is one of the things that is bad in his life, making him live his life the way that he is living it, but when he changes, he doesn't leave boxing, he teaches others how to box. thumbs down.

i went to go see this at the esquire theatre in cincy, oh, and - i hate my life now.christopher reeves would have been a more believable boxer.as a film it was painful, but seeing bret carr in person was to see desperation at its pinnacle.my favorite part of the movie was seeing bc slammed in the face with what appeared to be a "c" battery. the jury is still out on this. it was from a dildo and it was in slow-mo. yep."shoot the left side of the face only...people become famous by demanding things!" - bret carr b. carr donned a chicken suit for a bit of reverse psychology, roaming the streets of clifton bashing his own film. he should. this is correct to bash the film.my soul felt chafed after this movie.bret carr is not charismatic enough to be the leader of a cult, or smart enough for that matter. that is the feeling you get from the what the bleepesque trickle of brainwashed, impressionable neo-yuppies that came to see this bret carr piece of work.it's an emotionally draining experience just thinking about writing about this film, so goodbye.-anonymous

after too many bad memories, i took to skipping this episode each time it showed up in the season 2 sequence. i recently watched it again just to remind me why. i've always considered this the worst st:tng episode (with the exception of "shades of gray," which barely counts as an episode at all).i keep listening to the clunky dialogue and thinking of the script red-penciled by the author's writing 101 teacher: "show, don't tell!" from deanna troi's pronouncement, and everyone else's constant elbowing reminders about what a charming, dangerous rogue okona is, to guinan's explanation about how funny her droid joke is (it isn't), to the who-cares resolution to the conflict, there isn't a plot point that isn't highlighted and triple-underlined for our edification, and there ain't a believable moment in any of it. unfortunately, bill campbell, a charming actor in other circumstances, is too puppy-dog huggable to be the center of the machinations of the plot. on the other hand, it could be that no one short of john barrowman (jack harkness from "doctor who") could pull of this underwritten placeholder of a role.(zero points, by the way, to the data subplot. while i think joe piscopo stopped being funny decades ago, he and brent spiner had nothing to work with here. although the jerry lewis bit was funny in a stupid way.)on a good day, you may be able to think of this as a charming little homage to a lesser original series episode. me, i'd rather skip ahead to "time squared" or "q who."

i had two reasons for watching this swashbuckler when it aired on danish television yesterday. first of all, i wanted to see gina lollobrigida - and here i wasn't disappointed. she looked gorgeous. second of all, through reading about the film i had gotten the impression that it featured absurd humor not unlike that which can be found in philippe de broca's films. on this account, however, i was sadly disappointed. i found the jokes predictable (apart from a few witty remarks on the topic of war) and the characters completely one-dimensional. also, the action scenes were done in a strangely mechanical and uninspired fashion, with no sense of drama at all. i kept watching until the end, but i got bored very quickly and just sat there, waiting for the scenes with lollobrigida.

i rented this movie tonight because it looked like a fun movie. i figured that you really couldn't go wrong with a concept of ex girlfriend with super powers. ... but the movie was confused and pointless ...it seemed that at every turn the writer kept throwing junk in. also the writer kept throwing in way too much toilet humor and sexual situations that only a teenage boy could love.it seems that it could have been so simple to draw a story out of fatal attraction super hero .. but i guess not. this is not a fun romantic comedy it was advertised to be. you could not take a child to see it and you would be embarrassed seeing it a date. if the writer could have done a basic story around the high concept and cleaned it up - the movie might have a fighting chance. a serious waste of time.b

oh my god. oh my god, i cant get over this movie. it was god-awful. horrible, terrible! don't even waste your money to buy it in the 99 cent bin. no, avoid it at all costs i'm warning you!!!it was the worst movie i've ever seen. in my life. in my life!!first of all, g-girl? are you kidding me. get real that sounds like some kind of new barbie doll.. super women? are you kidding me. it was so fake fake fake fake. the people of the town didn't even seem to care that there was a flying blonde just zooming her way around the town saving a fire.. ohh big!jesus, was it just me or did this movie seem offensive?? i guess what you need to be a super hero is a couple of double d's, blonde flowing hair, no glasses and a leather skin tight suit?!if it was trying to be romantic ... than.. god, i don't know. it was horrid, if love means taking some one to an art show and than having sex in a bed and in the air.. than they totally had love!it was pathetic, everything went too fast. first that guy was single, than he was dating g-girl.. than they broke up than he dated that hannah girl.. and.. it just goes on. i have to say this movie made me wonder.. how the hell did they get this in theaters??!!avoid this movie at all costs.

this movie was a rather odd viewing experience. the movie is obviously based on a play. now i'm sure that everything in this movie works out just fine in a play but for in a movie it just doesn't feel terribly interesting enough to watch. the movie is way too 'stagey' and they didn't even bothered to change some of the dialog to make it more fitting for a movie. instead what is presented now is an almost literally re-filming of a stage-play, with over-the-top characters and staged dialog. because of all this the storyline really doesn't work out and the movie becomes an almost complete bore- and obsolete viewing experience.it takes a while before you figure out that this is a comedy you're watching. at first you think its a drama you're watching, with quirky characters in it but as the movie progresses you'll notice that the movie is more a tragicomedy, that leans really more toward the comedy genre, rather than the drama genre.the characters and dialog are really the things that make this movie a quirky and over-the-top one that at times really become unwatchable. sure, the actors are great; peter o'toole and susannah york, amongst others but they don't really uplift the movie to a level of 'watchable enough'.the story feels totally disorientated. basicaly the story is about nothing and just mainly focuses on the brother/sister characters played by peter o'toole and susannah york. but what exactly is the story even about? the movie feels like a pointless and obsolete one that has very little to offer. like i said before; i'm sure the story is good and interesting to watch on stage but as a movie it really isn't fitting and simply doesn't work out.the editing is simply dreadful and times and it becomes even laughable bad in certain sequences. more was to expect from director j. lee thompson, who has obviously done far better movies than this rather failed, stage-play translated to screen, project.really not worth your time.4/10

contains spoilers. the british director j. lee thompson made some excellent films, notably 'ice cold in alex' and 'cape fear', but 'country dance' is one of his more curious offerings. the story is set among the upper classes of rural scotland, and details the strange triangular relationship between sir charles ferguson, an eccentric aristocratic landowner, his sister hilary, and hilary's estranged husband douglas, who is hoping for a reconciliation with her. we learn that during his career as an army officer, charles was regarded as having 'low moral fibre'. this appears to have been an accurate diagnosis of his condition; throughout the film he displays an attitude of gloomy disillusionment with the world, and his main sources of emotional support seem to be hilary and his whisky bottle. the film ends with his committal to an upper-class lunatic asylum. peter o'toole was, when he was at his best as in 'lawrence of arabia', one of britain's leading actors, but the quality of his work was very uneven, and 'country dance' is not one of his better films. he overacts frantically, making charles into a caricature of the useless inbred aristocrat, as though he were auditioning for a part in the monty python 'upper-class twit of the year' sketch. susannah york as hilary and michael craig as douglas are rather better, but there is no really outstanding acting performance in the film. there is also little in the way of coherent plot, beyond the tale of charles's inexorable downward slide.the main problem with the film, however, is neither the acting nor the plot, but rather that of the theme that dare not speak its name. there are half-hearted hints of an incestuous relationship between charles and hilary, or at least of an incestuous attraction towards her on his part, and that his dislike of douglas is motivated by sexual jealousy. unfortunately, even in the swinging sixties and early seventies (the date of the film is variously given as either 1969 or 1970) there was a limit to what the british board of film censors was willing to allow, and a film with an explicitly incestuous theme was definitely off-limits. (the american title for the film was 'brotherly love', but this was not used in britain; was it too suggestive for the liking of the bbfc?) these hints are therefore never developed and we never get to see what motivates charles or what has caused his moral collapse, resulting in a hollow film with a hole at its centre. 4/10

to die for (1989) was just another d.t.v. feature that made an appearance on cable ad nasuem during the early nineties. the only thing notable about this feature was the last movie duane jones appeared in. other than that there's no reason to watch this vampire flick unless you like pseudo chick flicks masquerading as a horror film. a tired vampire longs for love and searches the back streets of l.a. looking for it. will he succeed or will vlad just strike out again like he has for the last century?this movie must have been big because a couple of sequels soon followed. they're so bad they make this one look like a classic. i know this is a movie about vampires but the film makers could have used to lighting.not recommended by me because i didn't like it.'nuff said?

having read another review, i thought this movie would actually be good. i do enjoy the "b" movies, but this couldn't even be classed as such. the photography is probably the only half-way decent thing in the movie. but the editing left much to be desired. it was very choppy and staccato. whoever chose the music and sound did a terrible job. the music was awful, specially anything atmospheric or scene setting. if the acting had been better, they could have pulled the movie off. unfortunately, i've seen better acting in porn flicks. if you want to see a "b" vampire movie, check out 'blood ties'. you'll be much more entertained.

i usually enjoy loretta young's early movies: her acting back then was light and breezy, and she sure knew how to wear clothes. but this one is just a loser from the word go except for a funny supporting turn by glenda farrell. young is a hatcheck girl who talks her writer-husband (paul lukas) into becoming a championship bridge player. it's not the most cinematic of games, and the long, talky middle part in which their marriage falls apart just about kills the film.there's one interesting bit though. as lukas and ferdinand gottschalk start their climactic game, a series of quick shots show airplanes, trains, football games, even a diver in mid-air, freezing in anticipation of the event. it's the earliest use of a freeze frame i've seen in an american film. wish the rest of it were that inventive-and funny.

this film breeches the fine line between satire and silliness. while a bridge system that has no rules may promote marital harmony, it certainly can't promote winning bridge, so the satire didn't work for me. but there were some items i found enjoyable anyway, especially with the big bridge match between paul lukas and ferdinand gottschalk near the end of the film. it is treated like very much like a championship boxing match. not only is the arena for the contest roped off in a square area like a boxing ring, there is a referee hovering between the contestants, and radio broadcaster roscoe karns delivers nonstop chatter on the happenings. at one point he even enumerates "one... two... three... four..." as though a bid of four diamonds was a knockdown event. and people were glued to their radios for it all, a common event for championship boxing matches. that spoof worked very well indeed.unfortunately, few of the actors provide the comedy needed to sustain the intended satire. paul lukas doesn't have much of a flair for comedy and is miscast; lovely loretta young and the usual comic frank mchugh weren't given good enough lines; glenda farrell has a nice comic turn as a forgetful blonde at the start of the film, but she practically disappears thereafter. what a waste of talent!

i love sharks. and mutants. and explosions. theoretically, with those parameters in mind, hammerhead: shark frenzy should have been the best movie ever.it is not.the monster looks like a villain from power rangers, and has approximately the same range of rubbery movement. this might be okay if the makers weren't quite as proud of its design as they seem to be. that is to say, for a guy in a big rubber suit in an action/scifi/horror flick that could benefit from some mystery, the shark gets a lot of screen time. granted, it is usually shaky and erratic. i guess you're supposed to assume that it's so scary that even the camera guy freaks out.the camera goes to a person about to get eaten, the camera goes to the shark. the camera goes back to the person about to get eaten, only now they are screaming and armless. and so on.the costuming is bad, the acting is poor, and the special effects are sub-par, but the writing is by far the worst. things happen completely randomly so that more people can be eaten, or so something can explode. because let me tell you, the people who made this movie definitely went in with a more explosions = more better mindset. characters shoot cars and there is a massive explosion. they shoot helicopters, there is a massive explosion. barrels, rocks, trees, whatever, they all explode, so much so that the freaking shark even explodes at the end.speaking of which, i don't care how crazy a person is, i find it hard to believe that anyone would think trying to make a giant half-person half-shark have sex with a woman in order to make freaky shark people babies is a good idea. that is, unless that person is the mad scientist in this movie.the bad thing is, the movie is so random (and at times, boring) that even its badness is not really enough to hold a person's prolonged interest. it might be a good one to mst3k with your friends, but past that, if you happen to catch this bad boy on, do yourself a favor and change the channel.

this type of plot really does have a lot of potential, but it was butchered here. honestly, i sensed the cheese element in the beginning, but i thought it would get better after the grotesque birthing. whoa, i was wrong! so mad scientist makes a monster, wants to brag to his old cronies before he kills them, but of course they escape. after that, it's really bad. i should've counted the times the rubber shark mask peeked out from behind some foliage, but i most likely would have lost count.pan down to the blood-dripping-from-severed-leg to show us how the shark-man finds the folks. i hate being spoon-fed every aspect of a horror film.oh, and after being nearly killed by a mutated shark-man and trudging around a jungle-esqe island, there's nothing more cheerful than a middle-aged man reciting shakespeare...this is one where you'll find yourself rooting for the monster... if you can bear to watch this poor excuse for a flick.

a scientist on an island is in deep sorrow about the loss of his son who died of kidney cancer. so he thinks: why not turn my dead son into a hammerhead shark. well, who wouldn't? it's a little hard to cope with the fact that the hammerhead shark that's killing everybody is constantly being called "paul". also, william forsythe's cast as a macgyver-kick-ass-savingtheday- kinda hero lacks credibility. on the other hand there are a few hot chicks who make you actually look at the screen while shark paul bites another one to death. as a matter of fact i find bad b-movies quite amusing. but for my taste it would have been a much better movie if it was made for say 1000000 bucks less. then it might have been fun.

hammerhead is a combination between the mad scientist and killer shark movie genres. in a bit of type-casting, jeffrey combs plays the aforementioned mad scientist who develops a human/hammerhead shark creature. bizarrely, this being is in fact his son, who he has turned into this monster to prevent him dying from cancer. or something.a group of associates are invited to the scientist's private island. they end up being used as shark bait or shark mate. for some unknown reason the head of it has been brought along as part of this team. who knows why? luckily, he turns out to be a resourceful, if somewhat overweight, ramboesque hero. i'm working on the assumption that he learnt how to handle an assault rifle as part of his day job working in 1st line support. a normal day for this it man presumably involves fixing someone's network connection followed by a call to gun down gun-toting evil-doers. or perhaps a call to fix someone's pc has to be scheduled between physical confrontations with land-based human-shark hybrids? anyway, he's amazing and saves the day. he even get's the girl.the shark-man is a slightly lame creation but ok, i guess, judging by the effects in general in this film. and the movie moves on at a decent pace. it's complete hokum of course but if you buy a movie called hammerhead and expect it to be a complex drama about the emotional conflicts experienced by a man turned into a land-based killer fish, then really you have no one to blame but yourself. as it is, there are guns, gore, girls and possibly even an exploding helicopter. it's rubbish but not as bad as some might say.

jeffrey combs is an insane scientist whose stem cell research has morphed into a diabolical scheme to create a hybrid hammerhead shark humanoid life form, hoping to breed a brand new species using hunter tylo's womb. it won't be easy for tylo is a tough broad and her boyfriend, william forsythe, isn't about to give her up without a fight.you see tylo and forsythe are two of business executive arthur roberts' employees, brilliant minds who meet combs(..a scientist who once worked for roberts, and whose vacated position went to tylo)at his island fortress where he conducts his research and experiments. this island affords him the opportunity to recruit fresh victims for his work and "son". they think it's a professional affair in regards to a breakthrough in stem cell research which could lead to cures for a variety of diseases. combs' son was dying of kidney cancer when he decided to perform his mad science on him, creating this blood-thirsty, flesh-eating creature which can both swim and walk on dry land(..although, at first the hammerhead could only remain outside for short time periods). tylo was dating combs' son, hence the connection besides the two having worked for roberts, who brings along his trophy wife, mariya ignatova. also accompanying tylo and forsythe, roberts and ignatova, are their colleagues, elise muller and gr johnson. combs traps them in a conference room, but they are able to escape onto the island as he sends after them his well paid mercenaries and hammerhead shark son.like similar sci-fi channel creature features of it's type, hammerhead:shark frenzy has some rather unappealing computer generated effects and the attacks(..where the shark rips apart limbs)are shot in a quick-edit, frenzied camera format where you have a hard time ever seeing any of the ensuing gory carnage. you have this vague notion that a person is being eaten(..ripped to shreds), but the attacks themselves are shot in a very erratic fashion which, truth be told, is rather infuriating. the monster itself is never seen in it's entirety, just momentary glimpses of an eye or a body part being gnawed on as the victim screams out in horror. one thing's for certain, you do see teeth. we do get cgi shots of the hammerhead shark swimming toward the screen, all menacing, ready to feast on flesh. a constant is while(..and after)victims are attacked, we see a great deal of blood and bits of flesh bubbling to the water's surface(..this is really director michael oblowitz's main cue as to inform the viewer that those being torn apart are goners).combs doesn't break new ground as the scientist, but he's always had an ability to convey a quiet madness under this cold-blooded resolve. it's fun seeing forsythe in a rare clean-cut hero role, very against type as an electronics wiz(..to his credit, he actually pulls it off)who must assume a leadership position when the group faces unprecedented peril. tylo is also in a very different kind of role, a scientist who can defend herself quite well. roberts can play the millionaire businessman roles in his sleep, and it's kind of neat seeing him firing off a machine gun at combs' soldiers(..although, his fate is not pleasant). mentioning that, it was also really entertaining watching forythe and tylo downing combs' hired goons with confiscated automatic machine guns. as expected, the screenplay allows those who created the murderous fiend to put themselves in unnecessary danger just so that they can pay for their sins..i mean, seriously, would these people knowingly leave themselves so vulnerable to attack after seeing just what damage to the human anatomy it could do? beautiful exotic setting is quite a nice backdrop.

dd films were damn corny, damn stupid and had a plot which seemed wafer thin but those days they was a plot at leastthis film isn't just a comedy but a mix of melodrama, romance everythingevery drama scene is blown out of proportionthe comedy is funny but corny too yet the film keeps you entertained, those days govinda films were loud, crass yet they had some funny moments people enjoyeddavid dhawan does a okay job music is okaygovinda acts well in comedy and drama karisma is decent in parts and annoys in parts kader is as usual gulshan, prem chopra are typecast shakti is hilarious

every once in a while , someone out of the blue looks at me a little sideways and asks "what's with snitch'd" ? i know immediately they have a case of barely-hidden amusement + horror. you see, i was the cinematographer on the film.let me clarify some points regarding this "interesting life experience".originally, snitch'd was called one hard hit. i met james cahill in july of 1999, a day after i wrapped triangle square, a great little 35mm feature that like so many indie features of the era never got distribution despite festival accolades...it fell eternal victim to the fine print of sag's notorious experimental feature contract. but i digress...i though i was on a roll, and when james asked me to shoot his little gangster flick in 16mm with a shooting budget of about $25,000, not wanting to break pace, i took it. after all, clerks, el mariachi... i too believed the myth back then.let's just chalk it up as "film school" for many involved, myself included. snitch'd was shot over two weeks in august, 1999, in aliso viejo and santa ana, ca. cahill taught drama at a high school in the latter city ( yes, he is a drama and english teacher...consider that while watching the film, or even observing the use of apostrophe in title ), hence the locations and cast.of note in his cast were the only known dramatic appearance of l.a.'s channel 2 morning news weather girl vera jimenez, and of greater impact, the debut of eva longoria, who had just arrived in hollywood and was as eager as i to get a film under her belt. i must say her professional dedication, focus and "let's do this" attitude kept me inspired and was a foreshadow of her stardom-yet-to-come. snitch'd suffered from poor optics, few lights or electricity, several boom operators du jour, and delivery of an uncorrected offline for duplication. none of that overshadows the actual content, which speaks for itself.anyway, by 2003, the film was sold to distributors ( at a net loss, i understand ) who inexplicably had no photos of eva on the box ( by then she was a rising, working name ) but who did manage to obtain a clear photo of what appears to be an authentic latino gangster to lend credibility to snitch'd. since cahill's other passion is antiquarian book dealing, it appears to confirm he believes you can, in fact, judge a book by it's cover... as so many have picked up this dvd based on it's sleeve. ----------------- one year later, eva, now on a soap, and i met james for one day to shoot a simple short film he had concocted, split second, which i think has never seen any play despite festival intent. 6 years later, i was hired to shoot another cahill film titled juarez, mexico. i though he had worked out the process; my participation was contingent on casting, script and crew control, and the resultant film actually looked promising in dailies, for what it was... a cheap detective story surrounding the mass murders of girls in juarez; despite claims here and elsewhere, the film has never appeared in any festival or venue, although cahill has repeatedly claimed the film has distribution and was simply awaiting release to coincide with the dvd release of two studio pictures on the same subject, virgin of juarez and border town.

this movie is weak ,the box-cover says east la's toughest gang and it is really santa ana's , james cahill acts like a closet queen taking down all the tough guys in the tough chlo gang . it is fake , boring , senseless and whack , i tried to get my money back from the video store this movie was so bad . it was also on the homo-erotic tip far from what the video-box proclaims . james cahill should act in gay porno .james is in every scene , he cannot act to save his life . the film features eva longoria who is hot but james can't even score with her !!!!!!!!! i felt at times i was watching gay porn and was turned - off by the whole film . james clearly want's to be with men but rather then submit to his gay desires he beats up gang members over and over and over again . his martial arts skills are minimal at best , some real gang members would take him and his weak skills and rip him a new one .

maybe this isn't fair, because i only made it about halfway through the movie. one of the few movies i have actually not been able to watch due to lameness.the acting is terrible, the camera work is terrible, the plot is ridiculous and the whole movie is just unrealistic and cheesy. for example - during a coke deal, the coke is just kept loose in a briefcase - i'm no expert, but i think people generally put it in a bag.they use the same stupid sound effect whenever a punch is thrown (it's that over the top 'crunching' sound" and they use toy guns with dubbed in sound effects.worst movie ever.

i turn on 700 club once in awhile and only agree with some of the statements made- i'm one of many believers that is considered liberal by most christians and conservative by most non-christians. i vote my mind, and its usually not rep. or dem. - i don't believe 700 club tells people what to believe, but that it represents many older christians that grew up in very conservative backgrounds. i think many folks misunderstand what is said on 700 club. it bums me out to hear name calling either direction. i think 700 club folks really do love jesus but are so busy trying to get people to vote conservatively that they've forgotten to show love to certain people and promote peace like jesus did. please don't judge jesus based on ignorant individuals that believe on him and let's also not be as ignorant with our comments about them. why are people so mean to each other?

here are some examples of pat robertsons dubiously claimed "relatively good track record" on predictionsin his widely reported comments from the january 2 edition of the christian broadcasting network's the 700 club, during which he predicted that there would be "very serious terrorist attacks" and "mass killing" in the united states in the "second half" of 2007, host pat robertson boasted that he had "a relatively good track record" on earlier predictions. but a review of robertson's 2006 new year's predictions undermines that claim. he predicted, for example, that:* "president bush is going to strengthen." wrong* "the fall elections will be inconclusive, but the outcome of the war and the success of the economy will leave the republicans in charge." wrong* "the war in iraq is going to come to a successful conclusion. we'll begin withdrawing troops before the end of this year." way wrongfurther, as a january 3 associated press article reported, robertson has a history of making dubious predictions:the broadcaster predicted in january 2004 that president bush would easily win re-election. bush won 51% of the vote that fall, beating democratic sen. john kerry of massachusetts. wrongin 2005, robertson predicted that bush would have victory after victory in his second term. he said social security reform proposals would be approved wrong yet again! he claims to speak directly with god... if so god has quite the sense of humor watching pat make a fool of himself again and again..

before i start...let me say that i fully believe in god. i believe in heaven and in hell. kay now that thats out of the way, i just wanna say that what in the world do these morons that call themselves "hosts" think they are doing?? the last time i checked a host doesn't discriminate, spew hatred filled rants on tv, or try to shove their own beliefs down every unfortunate soul that ventures onto the channel. all of these that crazy, idiotic, conservitive, bible thumping, fred phelps lover pat robertson does daily. i am all for free speech, but since when does that cover a guy who pretty much says that if you venture off his ideal way of life you are right away sent to hell? this is just a perfect example of why religion is the cause of soooo many problems. one day in my class room we had a substitute teacher in so we decided to watch some tv since the teach didn't give us any work. and we (against many of us's will) watched 700's club, and of course that jerk pat was on ranting and raving about the bible, and he said simon along the lines of "god says homosexuality is a sin" and i actually heard a kid go "hmm i guess he's right." wtf??? seriously, if the host is trying to make people think that someone else's sexual orientation is a huge sin, then they seriously need to take that host, duct tape them, and throw them off of a cruise liner in the middle of the arctic.

the first in the series was brilliant, easily one of the best horror films of all time. this is the crappiest. when i sat down to watch this, i was actually thinking that how bad the fourth and fifth ones were, this would have to be good after the previous terrible ones. boy was i wrong. incredibly wrong.when i watched the first ten minutes of it, i was actually really tempted to turn it off, but i thought no, maybe it'll improve. it didn't.not only is this just a dire film by itself, it didn't need another sequel, because the last two (fourth and fifth) had already been terrible enough! also, how many times can you bring freddy back!? the acting in it was terrible, the story-line was predictable and crap and it also had flaws in it as well. the way they made springwood was just totally wrong. pays no respect to the first one at-all. to add to this, the whole thing seemed really over-the-top.some people are saying that this film was "funny". this film is not "funny" at all. since when is freddy krueger supposed to be "funny"? i would call it funnily crap. this film is supposed to be a horror film, not a comedy. if freddy had a daughter, wouldn't that information have surfaced like in the first one!? the ending was also just plain stupid and cheesy, exactly like the rest of it. this one completely destroys the essence and uniqueness of the first one. just shows itself up.such a shame that wes craven created something so good in the beginning, yet it has to be dragged down because of this trash that belongs in the bin. they shouldn't have even bothered making this film. nor any of the other sequels, except the third one. the third one's the only decent one out of all the sequels.if this was a dvd by itself and not part of the nightmare on elm street dvd set that i got, i would have chucked it out when i got it.summary: a pathetic and poor attempt at a sequel.- a complete mockery of the first film so please, don't waste your time on this worthless junk.

this movie was just terrible, the first movie wasn't that great i mean it's ridiculously stupid if they didn't have enough with the first 5 films you had to add another one, why just not make this into an ongoing series like james bond, i'll tell you exactly why because the bond films are actually very very good and these films just stink, i don't understand, was this supposed to be a cross between to genres like horror and comedy for goodness sakes my 1 year old niece wouldn't be scared of such a ridiculous attempt at horror, a spit in the face of people who at least want to be scared at some point in a so called horror film. please no more of these movies.

"freddy's dead" did the smartest thing it could've done after the disappointment of the fifth film. it started from scratch. sure, this "final" film in the saga is silly but at least it's original. some of the visuals are even a bit breath-taking. and the story of freddy's kid (lisa zane) returning to town to face her evil father is unique.overall, the movie is nothing but another cartoon made to get kids in the theater. it has a bunch of good actors (zane, yaphet kotto, and lezlie deane) who basically look dumb and wander around like sheep ready for slaughter. it's one-sided, it's a magic-trick, and, in the end, it's nothing but goofy, childish entertainment.

i'm not a huge freddy krueger fan,but that doesn't mean that i don't like robert englund and his other nightmare on elm street movies.i think that robert is a very good actor.nobody plays a better freddy krueger than he does.but,no offense robert, this movie sucked.the acting is terrible,the plot is really weak,and freddy krueger is the only part of the cast that's even worth watching.sometimes sequels can be better than the first,such as the friday the 13th franchise(i thought the remake was the best in the series.)but this isn't one of those movies.the original was good,the 2nd in my opinion was better,the 3rd was okay but i haven,t seen the others.whatever you do,don,t make the same mistake i did by watching this piece of crap.

what a sad sight these tv stalwarts make, running out the clock on their careers stumbling about a little rusting hulk of a ship - boat might be more appropriate. the whole production feels cheap and shabby, and it's not helped by a "big name" star who is barely capable of spitting out the few lines that he's given in a credible fashion.at no time do the supporting cast rise above the material; they're clearly watching the clock here. bang out the scenes, get the pay cheque, go home, and try to forget all about it.it's not particularly badly scripted or filmed; there are no real clangers, it's just utterly anodyne, and shot in a very limited number of cramped sets with a small cast of extras. the pacing is a little bizarre; an embarrassingly tentative romantic sub-plot is only begun after the main action starts, which makes it feel irrelevant.maiden voyage scores a couple of points for being competently scored, and for being a fun game of "spot the kiwi bit parters"; most of the cast are graduates of shortland street or xena: warrior princess. the saddest thing about this production is that this film probably constitutes their big break.

maiden voyage is just that. i'd like to say straight away that i watched 5mins of this before i just couldn't stand it anymore. as already stated in another comment, this film doesn't fall into the whole "so bad it's good" thing, it's just bad. the acting is awful, the sfx are poor, and the story is bland and stupid. even the extras suck, the "bag guy guards" and such appear to hold their weapons like water pistols.don't even bother watching this film, the only thing special about it is that, no matter how low your expectations are, you will still be disappointed.

this movie was packed pull of endless surprises! just when you thought it couldn't get worse, they added more joints and more pink fuzzy-lined vans with raunchy sex scenes. as you can guess, i was a victim of the original version. we were tricked into watching it thinking it was supervan, the host box which promised lasars, jail breaks, and much more. who would have thought a dollar store christmas present could have been so much fun!

the van is a feelgood movie about a guy who tries to lure girls into his new van, in order to seduce them. the only thing this movie doesn't fail at is precisely depicting the van fad in the us in the late 70s. it looks like it was totally made by amateurs. it's trash, but i loved it! i have to admit i am a fan of 70s trash! hope this one makes it to the imdb bottom 100!2

bobby is a goofy kid who smiles far too much and wants sex. so he buys a van to aid in this quest. the acting is lame, the comedy is pathetic and the script is no more than a loosely strung chain of clichés and cheap thrills. the makers of the film obviously wanted to capture some of the out there craziness of other films of the time, but fell a long way short. they even resort to bobby slipping on a banana skin, because this will supposedly add comedic value.i'm struggling to find a redeeming feature of the film. if you like devito, this is another classic devito kind of role - but he's only a supporting actor and there for cliché value.

this film was abysmal. and not in the good way as some have claimed. first off the main character is a very unattractive gingerman. second - wtf is going on with this van love. the plot, basically, is: boy wants sex so buys a van (which, in fairness is quite cool). unbelievably given that he looks like a newt he scores with lots of chicks! and he fails with some. then he scores with a really hot chick and realises he loves this dowdy bird who played hard to get. then he drag races with the hot chicks boyfriend. and he tips his van. at which point danny devito saves the day. although he didn't need to because in tipping the van the ginger kid crossed the line first. i gave this 2 *'s as i'm willing to assume that there's some sort of 70's vanning subculture i'm not getting and also because there's some 70's boobage too.

the title song for this movie ...........is the greatest free spirited ballad ever written! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i first saw this movie back in 1978-79 when i first subscribed to cable. in 1979 cable was just starting to become common place in homes. (or at least that when it was becoming common here in missouri).this might very well be the first movie i ever watched on the pay channel called "the movie channel" - which was called "the star channel" back then, they changed the name to "the movie channel" in the early 1980's........i received a free month of "the star channel" with my new cable subscription. "the van" was one of the movies that was in heavy rotation on that network at that time.i remember watching this movie back then, and thinking it was a typical teen flick(along the same lines as other medium budget teen flicks) ...the ones where the plot revolves around nudity and parties.i totally forgot that this movie even existed until i recently seen this movie again after having not seeing it for decades( i found a copy of it on dvd for sale in cheap bin) i recognized it, and bought it for a mere $4.99.seems like i had remembered this film being much better that it was(is). however watching it back then was a different experience than watching now(30+ years later).it was fun to see the kids listing to rock n roll music, smoking weed, and having sex in the back a fancy van(often all at the same time). this is what a good teen party movie should be.there isn't much of a plot other than the fact that the main character fantasizes about having sex with his arch rivals good looking girlfriend ...he blows all of his college savings money to purchase a tricked out dodge van(with shag carpet walls . mirrored ceiling and a water bed in it)to get her attention, and he eventually gets to have sex with her. but his arch rival finds out and comes looking for him (so that the two of them can settle their differences by drag racing their vans)....he and his arch rival end up wrecking both of their vans, and instead of stealing away his arch rivals girlfriend, he wins over the heart of a preppy(lesser attractive) girl that he half/ass dates through most of the movie and he decides he is happier/better off and the movie ends.the movie does have it's funny moments. but watching this movie 30+ years later, it becomes more of a trip down memory lane. because i still can remember pizza parlors, pinball arcades, it also brought back memories of cruising around a small town while we smoked pot as we would yell at good looking girls and hoping to get laid (sometimes i'd get lucky and get some decent looking girl to share a joint with me and we'd screw in the backseat afterwords, i also remember many of the songs in this move(when they were new)......this movie serves as a perfect time capsule for that era in those regards (brought back lots of memories)the one thing that is depicted in this movie that i honestly can not remember is ....i never remember a time when full sized vans were as popular as this film depicts them as being. i remember that era very well, and i don't young men going around wishing they had a van. instead i remember young men in the 70's (self included) wanting a pontiac trans am, chevy camaro or a hot rod ford mustang, but never a van. this movie makes it appear as if vans were most popular item going and that every young man wanted one(which just wasn't true of that era)

the cult of personality has elevated the status of roger corman, sam arkoff, lloyd kaufman etc. as kings of the b's. because the folks at crown international were so key, they haven't been elevated to the status they richly deserve. a film like the van may now seem like a disposable piece of drive-in esoteria, but it was a sizable hit when it was released (not to mention subsequent re-releases as a double feature with other crown hits).the van was a perfect example of crown's hit strategy of seizing upon the mood of movie-goers at the time of a film's release. here, it was sex, drugs, rock 'n roll and the brief "custom van" fad. as others have noted, it is ironic that the "hit" song in the film refers to a chevy when the title vehicle is a dodge in the film itself. i had a town selectman where i was at the time even declare these vans to be "dens of sin on wheels!" a perfect ad line for the film!there are the usual assortment of "good" and "bad" girls, muscle-heads and low-brow hijinks (including a supporting bit by danny devito). in many ways this isn't much different from the old beach party movies of the 60's, but now spiced up with nudity and drug use. obviously done on a limited budget and a limited schedule, the film coasts along pleasantly enough with a breezy charm that compensates for some, by today's standards certainly, un-pc views of women.the classic touch is a toaster for bobby's den of sin on wheels. yes, a toaster! hey, you gotta have something hot for those munchies!grindhouse fest.

i agree with most if not all of the previous commenter's tom (bighouseaz@yahoo.com). the zatoichi series is a great character study combined with great sword fighting and excitement.i have seen zatoichi 1-13,15,16; i believe 14 has not been released on zone 1 (usa). zatoichi the outlaw was disappointing. the story line was complicated, and seemed to be a hodgepodge of many previous zatoichi story lines. at one point, i was wondering if i was not seeing a remake of a previous zatoichi film.this film was disappointing because it started to depend on effects (a head rolling, limbs severed, blood) and less on the nobility of the zatoichi character. all the previous films succeeded based on the storyline and action, and won a great following without having to resort to effects.i am just hoping that the remaining zatoichi films do not follow the same trend. this is the first zatoichi film from his studio. i highly recommend all the previous zatoichi films -- and recommend them.

* some spoilers *this movie is sometimes subtitled "life everlasting." that's often taken as reference to the final scene, but more accurately describes how dead and buried this once-estimable series is after this sloppy and illogical send-off.there's a "hey kids, let's put on a show air" about this telemovie, which can be endearing in spots. some fans will feel like insiders as they enjoy picking out all the various cameo appearances. co-writer, co-producer tom fontana and his pals pack the goings-on with friends and favorites from other shows, as well as real baltimore personages.that's on top of the returns of virtually all the members of the television's show varied casts, your old favorites as well as later non-favorites.there was always a tug-of-war pitting quality-conscious executive producer barry levinson, fontana, james yoshimura and the rest of the creative team against budget-conscious nbc execs, who simply wanted a another moronic police procedural like "nash bridges," which regularly beat "homicide" in the ratings. the pressure told as the show bounced between riveting realism that transcended its form, and sleazy sensationalism that demeaned it.unfortunately for this movie, fontana, co-writers yoshimura and eric overmeyer and director jean de segonzac simply threw in the towel. they took the most ludicrous story are from the series, topped it with an unlikely and artistically unfruitful new plot line, and laid the burden of carrying the whole mess on one of the weaker cast members.briefly, some time has passed since the last episode of the show. the former heart of baltimore's homicide unit, yaphet kotto as lt. al giardello, is now a kurt schmoke-like candidate for mayor, and schmoke himself makes a cameo appearance. but this promising start immediately and improbably takes a tragic turn.the spotlight shifts to giancarlo esposito as giardello's son mike. a handsome man who has done good work elsewhere, esposito was one of the pretty faces brought in late to supposedly enliven the tv series. but the question for viewers always was: is mike that uncomfortable as gee's son, or is esposito that uncomfortable in the role?to be fair, esposito doesn't get a chance to play out the main story without interruption. that's because the writers choose this moment to revive another storyline that spat on the intelligence of the show's loyal voters.an apparent snuff streaming video was promoted, and then seemed to actually take place, on the internet. after some red herrings, the detectives arrested a repellent suspect. but zaljko ivanek's harassed and overworked deputy states attorney forgot to file motions in time, and the suspect was released, only to be murdered later.let's summarize: he forgot to file the paperwork because it wasn't the most sensational case of his career, because the mayor, the attorney general, the governor, the entire maryland legislature, the u.s. attorney general, nbc, court tv, the bbc, ap, reuters, people, the sun, the washington post, the new york times, the la times, time magazine, the times of london, the economist, the johannesburg mail and guardian, l'osservatore romano, le figaro, paris match, l'equipe and computer world weren't calling every 10 minutes to ask about the status of the case.nevertheless, the old gang of detectives and associates flocks back to baltimore to help out. there's quite an array of talent on display. unfortunately, with the limited amount of dialogue to hand out, some of them are merely on display.two of the strongest actors, clark johnson and melissa leo, are criminally underused, while time wasted on jon seda and michael michelle could be better spent on commercials. the writers do seem to satirize this, presenting jason priestley as the latest big-deal detective. on the other hand, they give easy-come, easy-go michelle forbes a very affecting scene.there's some other sly casting, with actual lt. gary d'addario, the center of the book that gave rise to the show, playing another detective. guests drop in from other shows, like whitney allen doing her deadpan and clueless "miss sally" from the children's show beloved by the inmates on fontana's "oz." dina napoli of wbal tv turns up as herself. even when entertaining, though, these guests can be distracting. ed begley jr. actually advances the story in his brief appearance, playing dr. victor ehrlich from fontana's "st. elsewhere." he's still a vivid character, and fits in a hospital setting. then you remember, didn't st. elegius turn out to be an autistic boy's fantasy?the most useful cameo reflects corporate synergy. this movie was made when court tv bought re-run rights to the series. that network contributed legal waif helen lucaitis, who had interviewed the homicide team and later appeared on "oz." the tv correspondent does an efficient job summarizing the news, that is, plot points for latecomers.although she's so thin that she disappears when she turns sideways, lucaitis also adeptly handles a bit of physical comedy with esposito. he shows more juice in his scenes with lucaitis than with any of his usual colleagues. perhaps those two should have done a spin-off.as the movie winds down, the cream of the cast rises to the top. although they are saddled with a loser script, andre braugher and kyle secor overcome it. their performances remind viewers what made homicide, for considerable stretches, the best show on the air and one of the best television productions ever.it's fun to watch top pros do their stuff; it's just a shame this movie doesn't give them more of a chance. die-hard fans may want to see this movie anyway, but you can live without it.

just like last years event wwe new years revolution 2006 was headlined by an elimination chamber match. the difference between last years and this years match however was the entertainment value. in reality only three people stood a chance of walking out of the pepsi arena in albany, new york with the wwe championship. those men were current champion john cena, kurt angle and shawn michaels. there was no way vinnie mac would put the belt on any of the rookies; carlito or chris masters. and kane? kane last held the wwe championship in june 1998, and that was only for one night. it was obvious he wasn't going to be the one either. last years match was a thrilling affair with six of the best wwe had to offer. 2006 was a predictable and disappointing affair but still the match of the night by far.the only surprise of the evening came after the bell had run on the main event. out strolled vince mcmahon himself and demanded they lift the chamber. it was then announced that edge was cashing in his money in the bank championship match right then and there. with no time to prepare and just off the back of winning the elimination chamber match john cena did not stand a chance and dropped the title after a spear to one of the most entertaining heels in wwe. this was the only entertaining piece of action that happened all night.the undercard, like last year, was truly atrocious. triple h and the big show put on a snore fest that had me struggling to stay away. hhh picked up the win but that was never in any real doubt was it? any pay-per-view that has both jerry lawler and viscera wrestling on the same card will never have any chance of becoming a success really does it. the king pinned helms (who books this stuff?) and big vis tasted defeat against the wasted shelton benjamin with a little help from his mama.the women of the wwe also had a busy night. there was the usual diva nonsense with a bra and panties gauntlet match which was won by ashley and the woman's championship was also on the line. in a match, i thought would have been left to brew till wrestlemania 22 mickie james challenged trish stratus in a good match. trish won the contest but it was evident that this is going to continue for the foreseeable future.the opening contest of the night pitted soon to be wwe champion edge against intercontinental champion, ric flair. this could have been better but it was a battered and bloody flair that retained after a disqualification finish. edge obviously had bigger fish to fry.so new years revolution kicked off the 2006 pay-per-view calendar in disastrous fashion. the only good thing from that is knowing that for the wwe the only way is up. they don't get much worse than this.

my wife and i just finished watching bûsu aka the booth. she fell asleep during some parts of the movie. i really wish i had taken a snooze with her, but the unfortunate fact is that the main character's voice is so loud and grating that it was impossible for me to sleep. when our protagonist speaks, it makes me want to hear regis philbin and william shatner sing karaoke. he also has no redeeming qualities. i was hoping he'd get hit by a bus five minutes into the film.don't get me wrong, i love asian horror cinema, but the booth is extremely irritating and full of scenes that really make no damned sense at all. if you want some good asian cinema, check out a tale of two sisters or into the mirror. avoid the booth like the plague, especially if you suffer from frequent migraines.

after eight moto films the series had run its course, as this last entry demonstrates. peter lorre was clearly weary of trying to pump some sort of human interest and entertainment value into the wispy character of moto, and the dreadful idea of pairing him with a "funny" british sidekick utterly defeats all his efforts here.

between 1937 and 1939, twentieth century-fox made a ton of mr. moto films. however, towards the end of the series, it was obvious that the studio had "jumped the shark", so to speak. this phrase indicates that a tv show has passed its prime and the executives in charge decided to invigorate the show by fundamentally changing the formula. for example, with "the brady bunch" they introduced the annoying 'cousin oliver' and with "family ties" they introduced a freak baby who grew up six years in only one season! with the moto films, they'd jumped the shark by introducing comic relief because they thought that these intelligent films needed to be re-tooled. in the previous film, warren hymer played an annoying wrestler. and, in this film the character archibald featherstone appears. featherstone might just be one of the most annoying examples of comic relief ever, as you kept hoping someone (preferably moto) would kill him just to shut him up!! although he's supposed to work for the famed scotland yard, he shows all the intelligence and acumen of a brain damaged turnip. again and again, his scenes were boorish and unnecessary and peter lorre just looks pained as he stands there and watches this buffoon "act". it's so bad that it truly destroys what could have been one of the better moto films due to its clever plot.as for the plot, the crown of the queen of sheba is discovered in the opening scene. moto, now more of an international policeman than the amoral character he originally was, is on hand to protect the precious item from being stolen. in a great twist, several thieves all try to steal the crown independently of each other.overall, the film is watchable but is also ample evidence that the moto series should have ended here. with wwii approaching, the films couldn't have survived much longer anyway, as having a sympathetic japanese leading character simply wouldn't have been accepted in the us or in allied countries.

has to be one of the worst wastes of 35mm movie film ever unleashed on the public, the sequel to the at least entertaining pseudo-documentary original film "the legend of boggy creek". bad script, worse acting, etc., etc., dawn wells had to be hoping that gilligan would come rescue her and take her back to the island just to escape from this piece of clap-trap.

i thought i had seen this movie, twice in fact. then i read all the other reviews, and they didn't quite match up. a man and three young students, two girls and a boy, go to this town to study alleged bigfoot sightings. i still feel pretty confident that this is the movie i saw, despite the discrepancies in the reviews. therefore i'm putting my review back: if you like the occasional 'b' movie, as i do, then return to boggy creek is the movie for you! whether it's setting the sleep timer, and nodding off to your favorite movie-bomb, or just hanging out with friends. boggy creek, the mute button, and you've got a fun night of improv. look out! is the legend true? i think we just might find out, along with a not-so-stellar cast. will there be any equipment malfunctions at particularly key moments in the film? does our blonde, manly, young hero have any chest hair? will the exceptionally high-tech technicolor last the entire film? you'll have to watch to find out for yourself.

never saw the original movie in the series...i only hope it was a much better movie than this or the sequel made in the 1980's as if it is not how were these two terrible sequels even justified. this movie had a really good lead in when they were advertising it to be shown on one of those old independent stations that are a thing of the past now. anyways it looked like it would be a pretty good scary movie. it was, however, a movie that would make some walt disney movies look dark. really, this movie was just a bunch of light fluff with virtually no boggy creek creature to be seen. the only real sighting is near the end when you see its shape during a very heavy rainstorm, other than that there is virtually no sign of the creature which was really disappointing as a kid. the story is basically the old evil hunters must kill anything they see and are after the boggy creek creature and kids are out to help it or just some random hairy guy in the woods that likes to pull random boats through the water. not really worth watching i would however like to see the original, granted the maker of that would make the also bad boggy creature of the 80's, but he also made a very good slasher movie in the 70's "the town the dreaded sundown".

...not that all disney films are garbage.anyway, i saw "legend of boggy creek" first and absolutely loved the film. when i heard it had 2 sequels, i was ecstatic. i finally found a copy of this and watched it one night. i don't see how they can make a g-rated sequel to a horror film. the original is a movie/documentary about the fauke monster, and can scare anyone. "return" is for kids and should not be watched by anyone. i don't remember the plot too well, as it's been quite some time since i watched it and i will not watch it again, but... it's about these hunters coming to town and they go looking to kill bigfoot. three little kids sneek out of the house to stop them. a big monsoon comes through. the hunters get hurt, are saved by the kids. then they all hide out in a boat with a big piece of tarp on top and try to wait out the storm. then all of a sudden, bigfoot comes and does something really sick. i don't wanna ruin the ending for any of yas, but it's not scary. well....

talk about your waste of money.. im just wondering why michael would star in such a turkey of a movie..michael is a great actor especially in the movie where he plays a man dying of cancer.. that was wonderful. as he tapes himself for his son to see it once he grows up .. michael is such a talented actor.. so what made him do this one??? i watched it and thought it was really dumb.. i guess at one time in their career they have the crappy movies .. especially "the squeeze" i didnt understand that one at all, and i feel his best performance was in "pacific heights" , his character really creeped me out.. and i really enjoyed "multiplicity". .that one was so hilarious !!! and he was just perfect for the role of "batman" .. and i kind of liked "night shift" and i love "johnny dangerously" too .. just too bad some of them end up doing lousy movies .. like this one was...

gung ho was a good idea, however it is to much to ask americans viewers to understand the dynamics of american jobs and foreign competition.in this movie the main character hunt stevenson(michael keaton) goes to japan and convinces a japanese auto company to come to america and help his dying pennslyvania town. two things come at you.first why would a japanese company come to america to make cars when they do so ,and so well at that? secondly can anyone understand that american companies of all types go to third world nations to have their products made to escape american labor costs? it makes the film's premise then that the number one maker of cars in the world would go to one of its' top competitors(aside from germany)and put a plant there as unrealistic. keaton was still in his comedy mode by this time. but he gives a credible performance all the same as he could prove that he could go from comedy to drama in a matter of seconds and still not embarrass himself but director ron howard can't keep this from becoming a tv movie which it ends up being anyway because they have to give the unlikely story a happy ending the politics and problems of japanese and american relations not withstanding. gung ho has a happy days and laverne and shirley feel to it as the producers of both tv shows made the film and then made the tv version of this movie as well which gives the film its' lightweight feel.the japanese manager gets to love his american workers and feels he and other japanese people can learnfrom americans.his no.2 man saito who supposedly doesn't like americans all that much doesn't think so.i would have prefered all the japanese characters been like saito than the soft goofball characters they made the japanese out to be.it would have made the film more interesting.

there are laughs in this film, that is for sure. michael keaton is a talent and he used to be funny (before he decided he was a serious actor). however, what bothers me so much about this film, is how unlikable practically all of the characters are. other than the main two leads, everybody is a jerk. i mean, these small town losers are about as uncouth as you can get. you just watch and think, man, these losers should be unemployed. moreover, the american factory worker is portrayed as a lazy and ungrateful slob. it made me wonder if this film was made by japanese nationalists. oh sure, in the end they all come together as one, but i just did not enjoy the trip to get there.

this movie is an idiotic attempt at some kind of action thriller. a tour bus on its way to las vegas is attacked by a group of white trash hijackers driving dune buggies. they drive them out into the desert and then steal all of their valuables. the plot changes constantly. one minute they are looking to kidnap a rich ranchers daughter, the next they are looking for a collectible stamp worth 90,000 dollars. the dialogue is horrible.please don't watch this movie.

i haven't seen it in over twenty years. oj was the bus driver, arte johnson was the tour guide, lorenzo was the kidnapper.yea, lorenzo looked very much at home as the villain, a natural. i think i watched it back then most for oj, who i had seen towering inferno and cassandra crossing, but also to see arte johnson.i was a little bored that johnson was so serious.and yes, it shifted plots. in reading other posts, i remember that was some plot that they were going to kidnap some rich girl, but then that priceless stamp business turned up out of the blue.i was going, a stamp? if it came on as a late movie, i would probably record it to check it out again, but i wouldn't be nostalgic over it. not yet anyway.there are better movies from the seventies like this to check out.

the fact that this movie made it all the way to the rentalrack in norway is bizarre. this movie is just awful. this image quality is just one teeny bit better than you get of a mobile phone and the plot is soooo bad. the main character is just plain annoying and the rest just suck. every person affiliated with this movie should be ashamed. the fact that the people that made this movie put their name on this is extraordinary. and the distributors; did they even see it!? this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen. to label this a comedy is an insult to mankind. i urge you not to support this movie by buying or renting it.

as i sat subjected to this televised mediocrity, i wondered why? why did dianne keaton agree to this trash? the movie uses meaningless, contrived plot lines to deliver trash to homes of thousands. the movie takes a political agenda to a new level. the movie was meaningless, and all creditability was lost to the excessive use of stereotype. it was obvious that keaton tried to make this movie worthwhile, but in the end she needs to remember the age old adage that you cannot polish a turd. i hope that you did not waste your new year's day watching another mindless made for tv movie. i now know why the networks started airing series on sunday night, to rid us of trash!

the first 30min of the flick was choppy and hard to know just what was going on (unless you read the book - which i had not).if you can stick with the first half, the second half is sweet - predictable, yes, but sweet none-the-less.the way it was shot one would think it was produced in the early 80's, not 2005.no stand-out moments, bland, but it moved along without boring me.i would like to know why keaton selected this role, her part would have been better cast with a player more at the level of the other actors to keep the balance.

i can't believe we watched this total piece of crap but we did and i feel obligated to warn others to avoid it at all costs. when one of the main characters announces that he's gay twice in the first five minutes, don't ignore it as typical pc nonsense and figure it has to get better because it won't. if his faggoty boyfriend hanging all over him doesn't make you sick, then be thankful the freak who wrote and/or directed this grossout is somehow attempting a little restraint. i mean, get real. it's one thing for there to be a gay character appearing in a movie in such screwed up times as these but quite another to have it continually slapped on the screen and examined up close and personal when the the liner notes clearly state the flick's supposed to be about a mother seeking some sort of "closure" over the sudden death of her daughter. what does one thing have to do with the other, one might be tempted to ask? apparently, the two issues are inextricably interwoven. and if that weren't bad enough, there's the bearded lady at the ice cream parlor. i mean, seriously, hasn't that poor woman ever heard of electrolysis? why must she go around like that? at the very least, how about shaving the ugly thing off, and while you're at it, have those horrible moles removed, too. would you slurp up some ice cream she just served you? i think not. it must be a new jersey thing. you'd think diane keaton might save this piece of drek, but think again. was she actually trying to put lipstick on a corpse? i don't even wanna think about it. so what if the body was supposed to be that of her own dead daughter. this grotesque excuse for cinema is slop from the word go and that's all there is to it. one wishes that each of these characters would simply walk out into the waves and just keep going. none of these flaky people even remotely gain our sympathy for an instant. trust me -- pass this piece of crap up. it's not about death, a mother who inadvertently suffocated her daughter, or even the other much more unsavory issues it keeps bringing up no matter how little you want to hear it. it's a load of perverted trash from a misguided and talentless director.

i could not believe how awful this film was; i rarely watch commercial tv, but thought "well, diane keaton is always worth watching". i stand corrected. everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame.i realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age, but the script to this was so inept, clichéd and baffling that i am surprised it ever got into development or that ms. keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow's ear. none of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable. the acting looked like exercises in a beginning class - i stared in open-mouthed horror through most of this wondering "what were they thinking?". very, very sad that it has come to this. don't waste your time.

although the casting for this film was admirable, particularly dianne keaton and tom everett scott, the quality of the writing was so poor that it would be impossible for any actor or director to make this film worth watching.my wife and i decided that the reason we watched the entire film was that it was like a train wreck, and it was almost impossible to turn away. it may have been that we "hoped" that the message would eventually make itself apparent, and that we would be able to glean some meaning from this effort. unfortunately, this did not happen.of course the audience may have been able to "make sense" of this convoluted tale, a credit to the ingenuity of the human brain to make sense of the absurd. the writers, however, did nothing to facilitate this innate need we seem to have for finding meaning.it was apparent that those involved were simply going through the motions of their respective crafts, and that any intrinsic passion for the characters or the story was either secondary or non-existent.unfortunately, made-for-tv movies have seemed to devolve over the years. whereas communicating a message to the audience may to have been the primary interest of the writers in the past, present-day writers and producers seem condescending to their audience, concentrating primarily on manipulating us to "stay-tuned" through the incessant advertising which seems to be the only reason movies such as surrender, dorothy are made.

**1/2 for this diane keaton farce.someone should tell ms. keaton, enough with your annie hall philosophy and hats.this flick is just too much as keaton's daughter, sara, dies in a traffic accident, while her boyfriend survives.keaton, who could not be reached by phone at first, as she was in the sack with her pal and had pulled out the phone plug, grieves in a new way for grievers.she retreats to the summer locale where all of sara's friends are staying. she cleans the house, sleeps for two days and then begins to reveal things which were better not to be revealed. it appears that sweet sara slept with her girlfriend and the guy who ultimately married the latter. in addition, she had an abortion thanks to this guy. we're all now put on this guilt trip.her only hope is to find the elusive diary that sara kept. she also hopes that boyfriend,adam, who is a playwright, will not include all this in another play.when the diary is found, it has been written in japanese. sara had a ph.d in this language. it's not that great news for mom when an excerpt of the diary is translated by a japanese cook in a japanese restaurant.naturally, everything seems to tie up nicely in the end. the title of this shmaltz comes from the wizard of oz. every time mom and sara would speak, they would both utter surrender dorothy.as if this isn't enough, during the course of this bizarre extravaganza of mourning, keaton tells adam not to be another woody allen in his film, interiors, where he tried to successfully emulate ingmar bergman. ms. keaton also tries drugs with the group. come on, folks, can we realistically believe that anyone in his right mind could mourn like this? fair to mediocre best sums up this film.

(very light spoilers, maybe.) normally a fan of diane keaton, i tried to watch this tonight. i had to switch it off before the second hour because i found myself with absolutely no sympathy for daughter or mother. both came across as self-absorbed with little regard for others, with the daughter also adding in rude, disrespectful and reckless to the mix. when the daughter died, the only thing i thought was, "at least we won't have to watch her anymore." keaton did a good job of moving into her stunned state and into the grieving, but it was too far gone for me by then. i simply wasn't enjoying it, so i stopped watching. if you want me to care for the protagonist, you need to get me caring about the characters much sooner--if it's nearly an hour in and i don't care, it's too late.the supporting cast was sincere and well played--i felt for *them!*--and the gay best friend was wonderful, but even combined, that wasn't enough to carry the film for me.

i waited for this movie to play in great anticipation. assuming it would be more accurately portrayed like the movie, "the christmas box" based on the book by richard paul evans. i sent out many emails to friends and family asking them to please watch this show, hoping they would better understand a tiny amount of my "new" life. after seeing this movie i was so disappointed. as a mother who lost her only child in november 2003 and really knowing the pain, i had hoped that this movie would shed light to parents who "think" they understand the grief a parent goes through who has lost a child. this movie was a very light hearted movie and the silliness of diane keaton was a slap in the face to parents who have buried a child. it was very unrealistic from start to stop. i had a few calls after the movie, each call the same, "that was so off the mark and made it appear that in a short time you are back on the road and listening to songs on the radio and life is back" what a bunch of bull! it is clear that the director and keaton have never lost a child because neither would have ever made the movie to be so off the mark. i guess that's hollywood.

watching cbs's "surrender, dorothy", i kept wondering why diane keaton would want to be in it (not because it's a television movie--with the dearth of enticing roles for slightly older actresses, it isn't any wonder why academy award winning performers such as keaton turn to tv--but because it offers no opportunities for keaton to shine). a single mother, grieving the sudden death of her twenty-something daughter, imposes upon--and gradually becomes friends with--the group of young people her daughter was close to at the time of her accident. adapted from the novel, this teleplay gives us a group of self-absorbed characters one would cross the street to avoid. aside from being coarse and dim, these phony people are incredibly unconvincing, as is the tidy scenario and the bungalow near the beach where the kids reside (one young man, who wears muscle shirts to tell us he's gay, hears diane keaton say, "surrender, dorothy" and actually asks, "that's from "the wizard of oz", right?"...no, genius, it's from "citizen kane"!). keaton may have wanted to do this material based on the subject matter of confronting death. she tries turning this distinctly unlikable woman into a shadow of her own personage (lots of kooky outfits), but it doesn't sit well with the viewer since keaton has always been warmly likable and flexible in a flaky way. here, she's a crazed harpy who doesn't learn many lessons on her journey of self-discovery (the movie quickly forgets it's about a dead young woman and becomes an odyssey for the nervous wreck of a mom, who appears to be an overage hippie who has never lost anyone close to her). this is the kind of film actors promote on talk shows with the caveat, "it should help a lot of grieving mothers out there". i can't imagine it helping anyone since it is intrinsically a downer, muddled and baffling. it's deranged.

i'm sorry but this is just awful. i have told people about this film and some of the bad acting that is in it and they almost don't believe me. there is nothing wrong with the idea, modern day japanese troops get pulled back in time to the days of busido warriors and with their modern weapons are a match for almost everything. when the troops first realise something strange is happening does every single person in the back of the transport need to say "hey my watch has stopped"? imagine lines like that being repeated 15+ times before they say anything else and you have the movie's lack of greatness in a nutshell.

the subject notwithstanding, this is an amateur, exhibitionist movie--or an effort at one--which is about as interesting and daring as a moody high school student's composition book full of death "poetry". to be sure, it will disturb viewers who are hell-bent on being disturbed, but the success will be attributable to themselves, not to the director. to genuinely get under somebody's skin requires sensibility, discipline, technique, and talent, as well as an eye and an ear. the film does contain one evocative image, shown as a still (and also used on the video case), but with no development leading up to or away from it. if the director had had an eye, he would have seen it as a possible starting point for an interesting movie--that is, a movie.

german nut case jörg buttgereit apparently has fans - but i don't know why, and i'm definitely not one of them! the only buttgereit film i'd seen previously was nekromantik and i hated every minute of it, but - shockingly - this film is worse! der todesking is pointless in the same way as nekromantik, but it's a worse film because it's boring in a way that few movies have ever managed (it's not far off the blair witch project, seriously). some people say that this film is 'sick' and 'shocking', but it really isn't. the director may have been making a point about death, but only he knows what it is. how anyone could watch this film and be anything other than bored with it is completely beyond me. the film revolves around the theme of suicide, and follows the deaths of seven different people over the course of a week. yes, that means we have a pointless and boring episode for monday, a pointless and boring episode for tuesday, a pointless and boring episode for wednesday etc etc. this film manages to be even more boring than my average week! der todesking is apparently an 'art' film, although this would appear to be a reference to the way that not very much makes sense rather than a reference to the film bearing any resemblance to 'art'. each segment of the film is meant to tell a separate story - but it doesn't! we just get a quick little sketch on suicide, and it only makes you wonder what the point is. the film feels like it should be deep, but there's a great big void where the intelligence should be and nothing there to fill it. buttgereit uses a few evocative images; but i'm unlikely to remember any of them for more than a week or so because this film just isn't that memorable. there's a shot involving a decomposing man's body that features fairly often, but that gets old pretty quick and all you're left with is the rest of the film, which is unfortunate. if i were to struggle for good things to say about this crap, all i can think of is this; the title sounds cool. as i mentioned, nekromantik is the only other film i've seen from this amateur director; i have copies of schramm and nekromantik 2, and now i'm really in no rush to watch either. der todesking is a dull film with no point and anyone that calls it 'art' is very much mistaken. give it a miss.

another movie to suffer without an adventure to run, no enigma to solve. just an illness man, acting like an animal. no a good reason to take this journey. pitt and lewis are great actors; magnificent michelle forbes but a weak david duchovny performance...

in an interview, david duchovny said he hasn't been able to watch even the first hour of this film - and neither should you. the scene where he asks the owner of a house where a murder was committed if he can look around - change the name he gives and he could had lifted his performance from just about any episode of the x-files. he's on autopilot for the whole film. brad pitt overacts appallingly.

distasteful, cliched thriller has young couple doing cross-country research on america's most infamous murder sites, becoming road partners with a dim-witted young woman and her snarling boyfriend--who is an actual psycho. arty and alienating, the film's tone alternates between pouty pseudo-irony and silly flamboyance. handsomely-made perhaps, but ultimately laughable. brad pitt's performance as the low-rent killer is godawful. * from ****

i was expecting to love this movie--film noir, serial killer, dark irony. i was baffled by many choices the characters made ("hey, i know they're creepy looking, but let's hook up for a cross-country road trip anyway!"), found the pacing to be glacial, and the emphasis on moody lighting to take the place of original thought by the director and cinematographer.thinking about it now, this would have been a much better movie if someone had just run the script through the common sense-o-meter (1992 model) before starting to film...

honestly, if anyone has a brain, there's not 1 positive thingto say about this movie what so ever. i lost my $1 renting this. i'd rather laugh at will smith saying "if you got a dream, you got to protect it". all the actors must've been bored or had no fame at the time. even matthew mc conahay *however you spell it* was better then all the actors in this movie, when he played a psycho in texas chainsaw 4. if you see this movie, and have anything good to say, you iq, must be extremely low, with such bad taste in movies, it hurts. thank you...and the truth, has been spoken!save yourself from the misery. get devil's rejects, now that's a classic.

kalifornia is disturbing. i believe there is no reason for this story to be told. it is neither entertaining nor does it have social value. technically, the movie is very well make, the performances are top rate and first class. the story develops in an intriguing way that holds interest. but at the end this movie sickens and is abhorrent to decency. i recommend kalifornia to no one.

do not be suckered into renting this movie. it has nothing to do with an escape from death row, despite the (english) title. i can't think of a single good thing to say about the movie. poor acting, poor editing, poor directing... laughable "plot", and the sound/music was so irritating, it's a wonder this movie doesn't come with a warning label. the only possible way to sit through this movie and enjoy it is for it's historical cheesiness quality. they just don't make films this bad anymore.

nothing positive to say. meandering nonsense, huffing and puffing with a "message". new russian (post-soviet) films can be very good (cuckoo comes to mind), yet many have the bouquet of cardboard and the aftertaste of asbestos (nochnoi dozor would be a good example). this is a "dozor" type of emptiness. acting would be horrible if not for the saving grace of utterly unappealing direction and incompetent editing that sometimes is so awful that it distracts from the impotence of the actors. special award to the cameraman for making sure that every shot is shaky (would someone please realize that blair witch has had its 15 seconds of undeserved fame?) and takes are geared towards attention-deficit pre-teens who subside on counterstrike and masturbation. the female lead poses and tries to look seductive too often, male antihero need a diction coach (although genetics aren't bad: rather expressive eyes.) one (middle) finger for this irrelevant pile of non-art. anyone who reviews this positively better be a (distant) cousin of the "auteurs".

(spoilers ahead) russian fantasy "actioner" (and i use the term loosely) that i've been trying to watch for over a year. i've finally gotten to the end and now i wish i didn't put in the repeated effort.in an effort to save two hours of your life i'm going to tell you he plot- a guy who has the ability to project a long blade out of his arm returns home to see his mom. things turn ugly after he is beaten up by the mafia boyfriend of an old girl friend. he takes revenge on the guy when he brings the girl home. the guys mafia mom sends her men out to get revenge while the cops begin looking for him as well.very little is said. no explanation is really given for anything (like why they lock id girlfriend in an asylum) and the action, for the most part is all off screen. the film essentially consists of a guy who looks like adrian brody looking intense and not saying anything, killing people (off screen-most of the action happens off screen). it looks good, is well acted and had there been some form of reason for what is going on it might have been a good film. hell, i would have liked some sense of real character development or back story (all we know is that the guy was picked on as a kid). the movie runs the better part of two hours and it feels like its six. if they weren't going to tell us anything they could have at least picked up the pace so it seemed like it was moving too fast. no instead we get the hero on a boat. the hero in a bus, the hero walking, the hero looking disturbed.hero with his girl. it really annoyed me since i think this could have been a good film if they had simply done something or had someone actually say something meaningful other than give instructions to "get this guy".4 out of 10. its about four hours (all my attempts to see this) i'll never get back. only for those who want to see a brooding russian action film with very little action

brokedown palace is not the kind of movie i would ever like to see. i also did not like the movie when some aussie man smuggled drugs in thailand and accused claire danes and kate beckinsale of drug smuggling. i would not go to that country no matter what after i saw this movie. in fact this movie stinks. i prefer to visit germany to meet beautiful single women. germany is the country i tolerate. i also would rather stick to the united states instead. after i saw some of the movie in the theatre including the false accusation of drug smuggling, i left the theatre and had my money refunded because i cannot tolerate this movie. if you are going to to thailand to meet someone there who could be a drug smuggler, forget this!

a very good story for a film which if done properly would be quite interesting, but where the hell is the ending to this film?in fact, what is the point of it?the scenes zip through so quick that you felt you were not part of the film emotionally, and the feeling of being detached from understanding the storyline.the performances of the cast are questionable, if not believable.did i miss the conclusion somewhere in the film? i guess we have to wait for the sequel.

i had been looking forward to seeing this film for a long time, after seeing "return to paradise," which i found to be gritty. i was so disappointed. the most realistic thing about it was the unpredictable ending which i think was partly stolen from "return to paradise." maybe i was expecting too much. on the positive side danes, beckinsale and pullman were fantastic in their roles. although i didnt like danes's character and first and found her very annoying. i couldnt see anything realistic about the film. it could of been done so much better, for example there could of been more emphasis on the prison conditions and the sheer horror. it was too cheery a movie to be realistic. there could also of been more action and tensionthe best thing about this film is the "tragic" ending. i couldnt of predicted that. but by that time i really didnt care what happened to them.3/10

have you ever wondered what would happen if a couple of characters from beverly hills 90210 were thrown into a thai jail?if so, this is your movie. this is midnight express for the mtv crowd. that would be ok, but the story was poorly executed. contrived plot twists, poor dialogue and unresolved issues abound. this slight film did not earn the right to be as cryptic as it ends up being. potential spoiler and impossibly preposterous plot line-the faux tension filled moment when the hotel employee discovers the girls do not have a room there and is about to kick them out. (this moment is innappropriately played with the same solemnity and gravity as the moment when they are arrested at gunpoint). later the same hotel employee is somehow found-and bangkok is a big city, mind you, ive been there- and testifies against the girls, as if a couple of free mai tais warrant 40 years in prison. c'mon. rent another day in paradise instead.

terrible movie. nuff said.these lines are just filler. the movie was bad. why i have to expand on that i don't know. this is already a waste of my time. i just wanted to warn others. avoid this movie. the acting sucks and the writing is just moronic. bad in every way. the only nice thing about the movie are deniz akkaya's breasts. even that was ruined though by a terrible and unneeded rape scene. the movie is a poorly contrived and totally unbelievable piece of garbage.ok now i am just going to rag on imdb for this stupid rule of 10 lines of text minimum. first i waste my time watching this offal. then feeling compelled to warn others i create an account with imdb only to discover that i have to write a friggen essay on the film just to express how bad i think it is. totally unnecessary.

the characters are cliched and predictable, with everyone being either snow-white pure or wholly evil. the acting is too stilted for it to be bad in an amusing, over-the-top way. it's doubly disappointing if you're a bette davis fan, because her character is not a typically fun bette-davis-type character; she just gets to frown pensively a lot.on the whole, neither my wife nor i found the movie to be interesting, moving or enjoyable at all.

lillian hellman's play, adapted by dashiell hammett with help from hellman, becomes a curious project to come out of gritty warner bros. paul lukas, reprising his broadway role and winning the best actor oscar, plays an anti-nazi german underground leader fighting the fascists, dragging his american wife and three children all over europe before finding refuge in the states (via the mexico border). they settle in washington with the wife's wealthy mother and brother, though a boarder residing in the manor is immediately suspicious of the newcomers and spends an awful lot of time down at the german embassy playing poker. it seems to take forever for this drama to find its focus, and when we realize what the heart of the material is (the wise, honest, direct refugees teaching the clueless, head-in-the-sand americans how the world has suddenly changed), it seems a little patronizing--the viewer is quite literally put in the relatives' place, being lectured to. lukas has several speeches in the third-act which undoubtedly won him the academy award, yet for the much of the picture he seems to do little but enter and exit, enter and exit. as his spouse, bette davis enunciates like nobody else and works her wide eyes to good advantage, but the role doesn't allow her much color. their children (all with divergent accents!) are alternately humorous and annoying, and geraldine fitzgerald has a nothing role as a put-upon wife (and the disgruntled texture she brings to the part seems entirely wrong). the intent here was to tastefully, tactfully show us just because a (wwii-era) man may be german, that doesn't make him a nazi sympathizer. we get that in the first few minutes; the rest of this tasteful, tactful movie is made up of exposition, defensive confrontation and, ultimately, compassion. it should be a heady mix, but instead it's rather dry-eyed and inert. ** from ****

i'm trying to picture the pitch for dark angel. "i'm thinking matrix, i'm thinking bladerunner, i'm thinking that chick that plays faith in angel, wearing shiny black leather - or some chick just like her, leave that one with us. only - get this! - we'll do it without any plot, dialogue, character, decent action or budget, just some loud bangs and a hot chick in shiny black leather straddling a big throbbing bike. fanboys dig loud bangs and hot chicks in shiny black leather straddling big throbbing bikes, right?"flashy, shallow, dreary, formulaic, passionless, tedious, dull, dumb, humourless, desultory, barely competent. live action anime without any action, or indeed any life. sf just the way joe fanboy likes it, in fact. :(

wow, here it finally is; the action "movie" without action. in a real low-budget setting (don't miss the hilarious flying saucers flying by a few times) of a future seattle we find a no-brain hardbody seeking to avenge her childhood.there is nothing even remotely original or interesting about the plot and the actors' performance is only rivalled in stupidity by the attempts to steal from other movies, mainly "matrix" without having the money to do it right. yes, we do get to see some running on walls and slow motion shoot-outs (45 secs approx.) but these scenes are about as cool as the stupid hardbody's attempts at making jokes about male incompetence now and then.and, yes, we are also served a number of leads that lead absolutely nowhere, as if the script was thought-out by the previously unseen cast while shooting the scenes.believe me, it is as bad as it possibly can get. in fact, it doesn't deserve to be taken seriously, but perhaps i can make some of you not rent it and save your money.

this film is terrible. you don't really need to read this review further. if you are planning on watching it, suffice to say - don't (unless you are studying how not to make a good movie).the acting is horrendous... serious amateur hour. throughout the movie i thought that it was interesting that they found someone who speaks and looks like michael madsen, only to find out that it is actually him! a new low even for him!!the plot is terrible. people who claim that it is original or good have probably never seen a decent movie before. even by the standard of hollywood action flicks, this is a terrible movie.don't watch it!!! go for a jog instead - at least you won't feel like killing yourself.

god, i was bored out of my head as i watched this pilot. i had been expecting a lot from it, as i'm a huge fan of james cameron (and not just since "titanic", i might add), and his name in the credits i thought would be a guarantee of quality (then again, he also wrote the leaden strange days..). but the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration. in all that time, it barely went beyond its two line synopsis, and i would be very hard pressed to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strands that went nowhere. on top of that, i don't think the acrobatics outdid even those of any regular "a-team" episode. as for alba, yes, she is gorgeous, of course, but the fact that she only displays one single facial expression the entire movie (pouty and surly), makes me also get bored of her "gal wit an attitude" schtick pretty soon. you can count me out of this one, mr. cameron!

awful, simply awful. it proves my theory about "star power." this is supposed to be great tv because the guy who directed (battlestar) titanica is the same guy who directed this shlop schtock schtick about a chick. b o r i n g.find something a thousand times more interesting to do - like watch your tv with no picture and no sound. 1/10 (i rated it so high b/c there aren't any negative scores in the imdb.com rating system.)-zaphoidps: my theory about "star power" is: the more "star power" used in a show, the weaker the show is. (it's called an indirect proportionality: quality 1/"star power", less "sp" makes for better quality, etc. another way to look at it is: "more is less.")-z

what was an exciting and fairly original series by fox has degraded down to meandering tripe. during the first season, dark angel was on my weekly "must see" list, and not just because of jessica alba.unfortunately, the powers-that-be over at fox decided that they needed to "fine-tune" the plotline. within 3 episodes of the season opener, they had totally lost me as a viewer (not even to see jessica alba!). i found the new characters that were added in the second season to be too ridiculous and amateurish. the new plotlines were stretching the continuity and credibility of the show too thin. on one of the second season episodes, they even had max sleeping and dreaming - where the first season stated she biologically couldn't sleep.the moral of the story (the one that hollywood never gets): if it works, don't screw with it!azjazz

i cannot stay indifferent to lars van trier's films. i consider 'breaking the waves' nothing less than a masterpiece. i loved 'dancer in the night'. i admired the idea in 'dogville' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical, less cinema. 'europa' which i see only now was a famous film at its time, succeeded in the us the relative success of an european film and got the oscar for the best foreign language movie, but did not survive well the time in my opinion. it is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste.the story has a level of ambiguity that cannot escape the viewer. treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished, of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today, more such was novel and courageous two decades ago. yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task.the film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of hitchcock, especially his early films set in the pre-war europe, with brave british spies fighting evil german spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark. the trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism. here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re-birth of germany after war, of its might, of its obsession with order and regulation, of punctuality and civility. the characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys. the principal character a young american of german origin coming to post-war europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption, with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers, with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self-destruction, with love doubtfully mixed with treason.it is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case. the actions of the characters, especially of leopold kessler played by jean-marc barr seem confused, and lack credibility. the overall cinematography seems to be not hitchcock-like but rather from a bad imitation of hitchcock in the late 30s. the usage of color over the black-and-white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative. it is not that van trier does not master his artistic means, but he is too demonstrative, he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is. he really is great, as he will show in some of his later films, but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone.

film version of sandra bernhard's one-woman off-broadway show is gaspingly pretentious. sandra spoofs lounge acts and superstars, but her sense of irony is only fitfully interesting, and fitfully funny. her fans will say she's scathingly honest, and that may be true. but she's also shrill, with an unapologetic, in-your-face bravado that isn't well-suited to a film in this genre. she doesn't want to make nice--and she's certainly not out to make friends--and that's always going to rub a lot of people the wrong way. but even if you meet her halfway, her material here is seriously lacking. filmmaker nicolas roeg served as executive producer and, though not directed by him, the film does have his chilly, detached signature style all over it. bernhard co-wrote the show with director john boskovich; their oddest touch was in having all of sandra's in-house audiences looking completely bored--a feeling many real viewers will most likely share. *1/2 from ****

i saw this by chance showing on cable on wanted to like it as i thought sandra was quite funny from what i remembered. the only facial movement i had throughout the movie was jaw dropping stunned at how awful a movie i just suffered through.the person who said this is one of the funniest movies of all time please point out one line, just one scene, that is even worth a chuckle.she is a much better singer than i remember her to be, but i didn't want to watch a lounge act.i think this is a movie try hard to like since they think they should and don't view it objectively.

i am an avid fan of lucio fulci, and yet i must say that "zombi 3" (aka. "zombie flesh eaters 2") of 1988, which he made with two other directors, bruno mattei and claudi fragasso, was quite a disappointment. especially compared to its great predecessor, fulci's very own gore classic "zombi 2" (aka. "zombie felsh eaters"/"zombie") of 1979, this is vastly disappointing. sure, the low rating of 4.5 already suggests that it's not a good film, but, these low ratings usually come from people who are not into italian zombie flicks, and as enthusiastic fan of italian horror films and low-budget exploitation cinema, i love many films that have only been rewarded with much lower ratings. also, many of my fellow italian horror buffs seem to think of this film as underrated, which i sadly cannot agree with. not that the film was a complete disaster. it has some redeeming qualities, above all fulci's nauseating gore effects, that are always a pleasure to watch for an italian horror/gore buff. the basic idea behind the film is also not bad (allthough far from original) and i liked the ruthless portrayal of the military. sadly, that's about it. while the great predecessor "zombi 2" was extremely gory, but beyond that also genuinely creepy, this is not creepy or scary for a minute, and the nauseating and often grotesque gore is the only true reason to watch "zombi 3". the film is sometimes fun to watch, but only for the gore, and as an unintentional comedy. i guess that it was mainly the gore that came from fulci, and the disappointing rest that came from mattei and fragasso, the first of which was involved in a bunch of nasty cult-flicks (such as d'amato's "porno holocaust"), and the second of which is responsible for one of the worst movies ever made, the god-awful "troll 2". overall, this is definitely watchable for the gore, but, out of all fulci films i've seen so far, this is definitely the worst, and i've seen the majority of this great filmmaker's repertoire. i am a fulci fan, and i always will be, but this sure isn't his magic moment. it may be fun for the gore, but i recommend to watch any other fulci film before this!

next to the slasher films of the 1970s and 80s, ones about the walking dead were probably the second most popular horror sub-genre. while slasher films had 'black christmas' and 'halloween' to get the whole thing going, zombie flicks had george romero's 'dead' films. and unsurprisingly soon after the success of his first two in the series, other directors wanted to cash in. a lot of italian directors were especially interested, such as lucio fulci who brought us 'zombie' a year after romero's 'dawn of the dead', known as 'zombi' in italy and some other countries, and it was there that fulci's film was known as 'zombi 2'. apart from the walking dead it has no relation to romero's film, but is a good film in it's own right. it was a big success in europe and 9 years later a sequel was born.pros: lots of beautiful, lush scenery. awesome score. the acting isn't exactly good, but the cast is game and seem to be enjoying the experience. after kind of a slow start, the pace moves along like that of an action flick. plenty cheese and unintentional hilarity for bad film lovers. good job on the make-up effects. lots of blood and some decent gore.cons: virtually plot less. nothing you haven't already seen before. blatantly rips off some things from the first couple of 'return of the living dead' films. cardboard characters. hasn't aged too well due to the bad 1980s rock music(not that i'm saying all rock music of that period is bad), clothing, and overall feel of the movie.final thoughts: first of all, this is not a true sequel to fulci's cult classic. in fact, i don't know if it was ever meant to pick up where that film left off. for those that don't know, fulci was ill during production and ended up leaving and was replaced with bruno mattei. mattei's films are pretty laughable, but like this film many are good campy fun. and that's all this film really is, just something to watch for fun.my rating: 3.5/5 (so-bad-it's-good rating) 2/5 (serious rating)

i did not like the idea of the female turtle at all since 1987 we knew the tmnt to be four brothers with their teacher splinter and their enemies and each one of the four brothers are named after the great artists name like leonardo , michelangleo, raphel and donatello so venus here doesn't have any meaning or playing any important part and i believe that the old tmnt series was much more better than that new one which contains venus as a female turtle will not add any action to the story we like the story of the tmnt we knew in 1987 to have new enemies in every part is a good point to have some action but to have a female turtle is a very weak point to have some action, we wish to see more new of tmnt series but just as the same characters we knew in 1987 without that female turtle.

i first saw this movie when i was about 10 years old. my mom bought it at our local kmart because it was on sale for $5 on vhs. she thought that it would be a nice christmas movie for me and my brothers to watch. this movie, however, scared the hell out of me. you may be asking yourself, how could a movie about santa clause scare anyone? the plot of the movie revolves around satan sending one his minions, pitch, to earth in an attempt to kill santa and ruin christmas. that's right, satan sends a demon up from hell to kill santa clause. pitch stalks santa throughout christmas eve in an attempt to trap him on earth when the sun rises on christmas day, for if santa doesn't make it back to his home in space, he turns to powder. don't get me wrong, the movie is funny and fairly entertaining, however, the image of demons and devils dancing in the depths of hell (which occurs at the beginning of the movie) is just downright creepy.

i saw this film numerous times in the late 60's/early 70's whenever it reared it's head like a reindeer with rabies every november-december as a saturday matinée kiddie show.it was always stiff competition for the chrstmas that almost wasn't (oops-can i say "christmas"?), perhaps the greatest,most iconic christmas-season film of all time.but that's another review.at the time,i marveled that the on-screen tint of santa claus was almost "pink and white", so much had the color of the sprocket-torn prints changed color.the film is kinda creepy! i thought so then--and still do, actually. i was highly entertained then, as i still am! it's amusing in a "retarted-elf" sort of way. by the way,the image quality looks much better on the dvd i have now than it did in the theater, circa 1969-74.if you are expecting maybe "the lost rankin-bass christmas special-forget it! if you want fellini does christmas--read on...by nature, the dubbing on these foreign films (the original version here was in spanish)always makes them seem "surreal". this adds to the films inherent oddness. it is also pretty scary in that a "mishevious demon" (as described in the original us trailer) spends the entire film trying to turn decent kids "evil". one particularly nightmarish scene has a young "latch-key" boy wishing he had parents for christmas-suddenly the "port-a-family" emerges out of giant "christmas presents-of-the-mind" until he realizes he's just daydreaming! see this,christmas lovers--and if you're a stoner, save your stash--this film will make you think you're hallucinating...without drugs!

this is perhaps the creepiest display of santa claus ever committed to any medium, whether it be a book, a picture, or a movie. santa looks like a perv looking down on the children and the twisted story of bringing merlin in to help him defeat one of satan's minions, pitch, doesn't make things any better. it's laughable to say the least, with bad effects, even for 1959 standards. if a kid were to watch this movie, he'd have nightmares and never want santa to visit. they'd be scarred for life. imagine the kid's in "a christmas story" when they start screaming after being put on santa's lap. that's how this would turn out if kid's see this movie.

why such a generic title? santa claus??? so bland and unpredictable. movies before that tried to cash in on the holiday spirit, most notably 'santa claus conquers the martians', at least was entertaining to watch because of the campiness to it, and all the stock footage being used... for some reason, that seemed happy to me. but this movie just screws christmas in the butt, and screws the joy of all the kids. santa lives in space? his enemy is a devil named pitch? santa gets help from merlin the magician? how random is this!? well, since it was made in mexico then some of you might understand the way of how the film was made. i had to admit some of the effects were just wacky for the time. it was a all-out cluster of madness! though, despite all the troubles with the movie, it still feels like a christmas movie. good conquers evil, and christmas still plays a part of our hearts of every good girl or boy in the world, or possibly universe, thanks to santa claus conquers the martians.. apparently. so, i think you should give it a try, even if it is one of the worst holiday movies of all time... though it should put a smile on your face any day.

just when i thought i would finish a whole year without giving a single movie a "bomb" rating, a friend brought this notorious turd to my house last night. i feared the worst knowing its reputation, and it was as god-awful as i'd anticipated. this is a mexican-made mess, dubbed into english, and produced by k. gordon murray. it's got terrible sets and effects, and features a rather frightening santa who doesn't operate at the north pole, but instead from a cloud in outer space, and who doesn't have little elves helping him make his toys but rather all different groups of children from practically every country there is. the opening sequence, where st. nick chuckles heartily as he observes monitors showing all these kiddies working hard while singing terrible holiday songs in a variety of languages, seems to go on forever, and with no story. obviously, this santa claus doesn't observe the child labor laws!eventually we get some nasty and slinky red-suited apprentice of the devil himself traveling from hell to earth, just to make little kids naughty and turn santa's christmas eve rounds into a nightmare. watching this movie is a trippy and twisted experience, and it's bound to frighten little children and turn them off santa claus and the holidays forever. oddly, the name of jesus christ is mentioned often in this christmas film, which somehow makes it all the creepier in the context of all the bizarre things that are going on. this easily makes my personal list of the "worst movie i've ever seen", but i'm sure that's nothing unique.

this is the biggest insult to tmnt ever. fortunantely, officially venus does not exist in canon tmnt. there will never be a female turtle, this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own, once gone no more. the biggest mistake was crossing over power rangers to tmnt with a horrible episode; the turtle's voices were wrong and they all acted out of character. they could have done such a better job, better designs and animatronics and no venus. don't bother with this people...it's cringe worthy material. the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking. they totally disrespected shredder. the main baddie, some dragonlord dude was corny. the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies, what's with the thing around raph's thigh? the silly looking sculpted plastrons!? if they looked normal, acted in character and got rid of venus, got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds...and better writing it could have been good.

what i think i'll probably like best about the new star wars film, "phantom menace", is that it will likely blow "titanic" out of the water, if you'll pardon the pun, when it comes to sheer devastating box office receipts, and thereby knock it out of the number one spot. every time i hear someone declare "titanic" is the greatest film they've ever seen, i think to myself, "you don't see a lot of movies, do you?" what a travesty. you could make 50 good films that are a lot better than "titanic", and for the same price tag."well, it won lots of academy awards, lots of people really loved it," as someone might say in its defence. well, lots of people like the spice girls and billions and billions of people eat at mcdonald's, but that doesn't mean it's high quality. yes, millions of elvis fans can be wrong.i'll be the first to admit, that part of the problem for me was the mega-hype over the film. i waited a month or so to see it and ultimately, it didn't live up to the expectations set upon it, which simply called more attention to the appallingly stupid love story. it's true, "phantom menace" will likely suffer a similar fate. but.james cameron's "titanic" is. a) a cheesy action flick thinly disguised as a serious period piece. b) a three-hour epic that has it's finest moments given away in the trailer. c) a sappy love story beyond belief or entertainment. d) something left better to documentarians, which i would've enjoyed much more. e) a film with arrogance that lives up to the level demonstrated with the real ship. f) a robbery of 3 hours that i will never get back, therefore the greatest motivation for a time machine i can think of. when i meet someone who hasn't seen it yet, i say, "i wish i could trade places with you." g) a slap in the face to any genuine victim of hypothermia. how long are we supposed to believe that people can be immersed in freezing cold water and still form intelligible sentences? h) thankfully a film that wasn't recognized for any acting achievements at the oscars. i) a technological achievement in filmmaking, and little else.the only reason i post this as a anonymous comment is i do not welcome the rebuttal of 10,000 thirteen year old leonardo dicaprio fans who'll no doubt come to his defense, and i am not really interested in hearing a defense of titanic's story, acting or length.

sometime in 1998, saban had acquired the rights to produce a brand-new ninja turtles live-action series. naturally, being a fan of the tmnt back in the day, this obviously peaked my interest. so when i started watching the show... to say i was disappointed by the end result is an understatement. some time later (more like recently), i got a chance to revisit the series.first off, let's talk about some of the positives. they managed to re-create the turtles' lair as it was last seen in the movies fairly well given the limited budget they threw in with this. there tends to be this darker atmosphere overall in terms of the sets and whatnot. and the turtle suits, while not the greatest piece of puppetry and whatnot, were functional and seemed pretty sturdy for most of the action stuff that would follow in the series.people tend to complain about getting rid of shredder quickly and replacing him with these original villains who could have easily been used in a power rangers show. but you can only have shredder get beat so many times before it gets boring and undermines his worth as a villain... and besides, most fans don't realize or don't remember or just plain ignore the fact that in the original comic, the shredder was offed in the very first issue! never mind the countless resurrections that would follow. so on a personal standpoint, i was sort of glad they got rid of shredder because then the anticipation would build to the point where they would eventually bring him back in a later episode. i find that shredder in small quantities work best because then his encounters with the turtles are all the more memorable.unfortunately, they end up replacing him with these original villains who, as stated, seemed more fit for a power rangers show than a ninja turtles show. and with these new magic-wielding generics comes a new female magic-wielding turtle, the infamous venus de milo. i'll be honest; i never got comfortable with her. i'm not against the idea of a female turtle; i'm just against the idea of one who uses magic and thus sticks out like a sore sight among a clan of ninja turtles who seem somewhat out of their domain. i almost get the impression that this could have easily been the venus de milo show dealing with her make-believe enemies and the tmnt are just there to provide the star power (or whatever was left considering the timeframe this was released). fortunately, they all share the spotlight together.next mutation was canned after a season on the air and the creators were more than happy to ignore it. given time and maybe another season, i really believe this live iteration of the tmnt could have been something and might have gotten a chance at greatness. but while the idea was sound, the execution was flawed (although there are a couple good episodes in this series). as it stands, next mutation is one of those oddities in turtledom that is best left buried and forgotten.

this is the worst thing the tmnt franchise has ever spawned. i was a kid when this came out and i still thought it was deuce, even though i liked the original cartoon.there's this one scene i remember when the mafia ape guy explains to his minions what rhetorical questions are. it's atrocious. many fans hate on the series for including a female turtle, but that didn't bother me. so much so that i didn't even remember her until i read about the show recently. all in all, it's miserably forgettable.the only okay thing was the theme song. guilty pleasure, they call it... nananana ninja...

not only is it a disgustingly made low-budget bad-acted movie, but the plot itself is just stupid!!!a mystic man that eats women? (and by the looks, not virgin ones)ridiculous!!! if you´ve got nothing better to do (like sleeping) you should watch this. yeah right.

i am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course eddie murphy. i think this was his first movie since "beverly hills cop" so at the time he was hot. considering that one made over two hundred million and it was r and this one made about 80 million and it was pg does say it was not all that popular. i have never been a big eddie murphy fan, so that is probably another reason i didn't care for it much at all. this one has eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids. he must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril. the plot is very bad, but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects. i had seen better stuff done in the 70's than some of the stuff this one offers, ray harryhausen did better stuff. still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of eddie, unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all and it just seems stupid to put him in the "raiders of the lost ark" type scenes. i guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect, but to me it just did not work.

oh man. if you want to give your internal crow t. robot a real workout, this is the movie to pop into the ol' vcr. the potential for cut-up lines in this film is just endless.(minor spoilers ahead. hey, do you really care if a film of this quality is "spoiled?") traci is a girl with a problem. psychology has developed names for it when a child develops a sexual crush on the opposite-sex parent. but this girl seems to have one for her same-sex one, and i don't think there's a term for that. it might be because her mother dana is played by rosanna arquette, whose cute overbite, neo-flowerchild sexuality and luscious figure makes me forgive her any number of bad movies or unsympathetic characters. here dana is not only clueless to her daughter's conduct; she seems to be competing for the gold medal in the olympic indulgent mother competition. it's possible that dana misses traci's murderous streak because truth be told, traci seems to have the criminal skills of a hamster. it's only because the script dictates so that she manages to pull off any kind of a body count.a particularly hilarious note in this movie is the character of carmen, a mexican maid who is described by dana as around so long she's like one of the family although she dresses in what the director thought would say, "i just fell off the tomato truck from guadalajara." carmen is so wise to traci's scheming, she might also wear a sign saying, "hey, i'm the next victim!" sure enough, traci confronts carmen as carmen is making her way back from mass, and bops her with one of those slightly angled lug wrenches that car manufacturers put next to your spare as a bad joke. i rather suspect than in real life those things are as useless as a murder weapon as they are for changing a tire. in another sequence, arquette wears a flimsy dress to a vineyard, under cloudy skies, talking to the owner. cut to her in another flimsy dress under sunny skies, talking to the owner's brother. then cut to her wearing the first dress, in the first location, under cloudy skies - but it's supposed to be later. you get the picture. we're talking really bad directing.as for skin, don't expect much, although traci does own a nice couple of bikinis. for those looking for a trash wallow, 8. for anybody else, 1/2.

this movie is so bad, i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person. very bad acting very bad plot very bad moviedo yourself a favour and don't watch it 1/10

a truly, truly dire canadian-german co-production, the ever-wonderful rosanna arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term "problem child" - a few uears prior to the "action" the child murdered her father, and mum took the fall for the offspring. now she's moved up to the northwest us to start over, but her child still has a problem in that she's devoted to her mother. so devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond.unfortunately mandy schaeffer (as the daughter) murders more than people - she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie, though the incoherent script, useless direction and appalling music (check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini-clad bod) don't help any; we're supposed to find her sexy and scary, but she fails on both counts. almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing (not to mention the fact that arquette and schaeffer don't really convince as mother and daughter), all condolences to miss arquette and jurgen prochnow, both of whom are worthy of far more than this, and both of whom (particularly rosanna) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago.one of the production companies is called quality international films - not since the three-hour "love, lies and murder" (from two short productions) has there been such a "you must be joking" credit.

let me be really clear about this movie. i didn't watch this movie because of the plot, i watch it for the saucy sex scenes. that being said, this movie is so god damn awful i flip between pure joy of seeing a godly body of traci (mandy schaffer) and cringing my eyeballs out for the disaster of a plot.spoiler alert the first scene of the movie already had me cringing.. you see a woman painting something by the lakeside, in pure bliss and serene, then a beautiful girl approach and ask if she could paint beside her. when they both finished, they show each other what they had done... and the woman painted a vineyard when she is facing infront of the lake. what kind of screwball director would make this kind of mistake?? and in another scene, traci gets to kill her teacher's lover by smash him with the sail pole, and then she swims away, and none of the town's police suspected her once. i mean hellooooo? mandy did not wear a glove did she? her finger prints are all over the god damn boat!! after that, it gets worst, whenever mandy is around, there is the "chilling" sound effect played which sounds like a cat in hissy fit. it's also a real pity rosanna arquette's is in this movie. i feel real sorry for her to have to star in this super low budget soft-porn no brainer. same goes for jürgen prochnow, who also has the misfortune to star in this movie. all in all, 2/10.

this can't be mandy schaffer's last film. somebody, do something! :-(argh.what little life this one might have had, the directing finished off. don't blame the cast; they did ok. even the winemaker's younger brother was pretty well done, and he didn't even get into the movie until halfway through. and please, please put mandy in some more movies! she's too beautiful to bury her career at such a young age. ya' breakin' my haht, heah....two specific criticisms, in case anyone cares (apparently nobody liked this movie very much). first, the way traci kept popping up at just the right melodramatic moment, in order to see whatever she was supposed to see, and never got seen in return, was very annoying. hollywood: please stop giving villains perfect timing luck which runs out exactly when the climax arrives. it's dumb. write better scripts so you won't have to use that lame plot device any more. if your script isn't good enough to stand up without that, then don't produce it.second, carmen wouldn't have fallen for that fake injury trick that traci pulled. she already had traci fingered. more bad writing/directing there.i could trash this movie further but mercy forbids it. actually i didn't hate it as much as the others seem to have. it just didn't have much of a reason for being made, unless it was purely a vehicle to show off the lovely mandy. oh, and to whoever didn't think she was sexy... the character wasn't very well written, but how can you say she wasn't sexy?!? one or the other of us needs glasses, and i don't think it's me.more mandy. (not to be confused with "moore, mandy" -- although i'd like to see her again too. ;-)p.s. did i mention i hope mandy makes me more movies? <:-d

because it is, that's why! this is the same jealous-daughter-kills-people flick we've seen a billion times. rosanna arquette makes anything worth watching, and mandy schaffer's brief nude scene (after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile, but not quite.* out of ****

this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile. jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal.

this movie is a crappy and forgettable sean connery vehicle. the performances are generally crappy especially by capshaw, fishburne, and the usually solid ed harris. connery seems miscast as a harvard academic. the movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along. it is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels. the movie squanders an excellent supporting cast. george plimpton also turns up in a minor role to add some gravitas to connery as they debate the death penalty. the violence and the atmosphere pepper a third rate mystery/thriller that is manipulation to the highest degree. the scripting and direction are extremely poor. connery's charisma and screen presence are the film's only virtue. manipulative, violent, and ridiculous. 2/10 avoid it.

a pot - boiler if ever i saw one. a supposed thriller borrowing from "a time to kill", "silence of the lambs", even an inverted "in the heat of the night" with a little reverse murder, a la "strangers on a train" thrown in, it fails abysmally where all the above, to a large degree, succeeded. namely, in delivering thrills. the plot seems condensed from a bigger book, making the plot developments obvious and uninvolving, while the direction lacks pace and verve. to rein in any kudos, a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too. connery is clearly slowing down in his old age, barely bothering with his attempt at a us accent and besides seems too old to be the husband of hope lange and the father of those gosh - darn kids of his. he even has a father in law who seems younger than him. laurence fishburne barely gets the chance to inhabit his role and you're confused from the outset as to whether he's a bad guy or a good guy. someone once said that flashbacks shouldn't lie - they do, confusedly, here. the rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles. the supposed climax managed too, to roll by leaving me firmly entrenched in the back, not as should have been the aim, front edge of my seat. mediocre sloppy hollywood film making for sure.

sexo cannibal, or devil hunter as it's more commonly known amongst english speaking audiences, starts with actress & model laura crawford (ursula buchfellner as ursula fellner) checking out locations for her new film along with her assistant jane (gisela hahn). after a long days work laura is relaxing in the bath of her room when two very dubious character's named chris (werner pochath) & thomas (antonio mayans) burst in & kidnap her having been helped by the treacherous jane. laura's agent gets on the blower to rent-a-hero peter weston (al cliver) who is informed of the situation, the kidnappers have laura on an isolated island & are demanding a 6 million ransom. peter is told that he will be paid 200,000 to get her back safely & a further 10% of the 6 million if he brings that back as well, faster than a rat up a drain pipe peter & his vietnam vet buddy helicopter pilot jack are on the island & deciding on how to save laura. so, the kidnappers have laura & peter has the 6 million but neither want to hand them over that much. just to complicate things further this particular isolated island is home to a primitive tribe (hell, in all the generations they've lived there they've only managed to build one straw hut, now that's primitive) who worship some cannibal monster dude (burt altman) with bulging eyes as a god with human sacrifices & this cannibal has a liking for young, white female flesh & intestines...this spanish, french & german co-production was co-written & directed by the prolific jesus franco who also gets the credit for the music as well. sexo cannibal has gained a certain amount of notoriety here in the uk as it was placed on the 'video nasties' list in the early 80's under it's alternate devil hunter title & therefore officially classed as obscene & banned, having said that i have no idea why as it is one bad film & even franco, who isn't afraid to be associated with a turkey, decides he wants to hide under the pseudonym of clifford brown. i'd imagine even the most die-hard franco fan would have a hard time defending this thing. the script by franco, erm sorry i mean clifford brown & julian esteban as julius valery who was obviously another one less than impressed with the finished product & wanted his named removed, is awful. it's as simple & straight forward as that. for a start the film is so boring it's untrue, the kidnap plot is one of the dullest i've ever seen without the slightest bit of tension or excitement involved & the horror side of things don't improve as we get a big black guy with stupid looking over-sized bloodshot eyes plus two tame cannibal scenes. as a horror film sexo cannibal fails & as an action adventure it has no more success, this is one to avoid.director franco shows his usual incompetence throughout, a decapitated head is achieved by an actor lying on the ground with large leaves placed around the bottom of his neck to try & give the impression it's not attached to anything! the cannibal scenes are poor, the action is lame & it has endless scenes of people randomly walking around the jungle getting from 'a' to 'b' & not really doing anything when they get there either. it becomes incredibly dull & tedious to watch after about 10 minutes & don't forget this thing goes on for 94 minutes in it's uncut state. i also must mention the hilarious scene when al cliver is supposed to be climbing a cliff, this is achieved by franco turning his camera on it's side & having cliver crawl along the floor! just look at the way his coat hangs & the way he never grabs onto to anything as he just pulls himself along! the gore isn't that great & as far as euro cannibal films go this is very tame, there are some gross close ups of the cannibals mouth as it chews bits of meat, a man is impaled on spikes, there's some blood & a handful of intestines. there's a fair bit of nudity in sexo cannibal & an unpleasant rape scene.sexo cannibal must have had a low budget & i mean low. this is a shoddy poorly made film with awful special effects & rock bottom production values. the only decent thing about it is the jungle setting which at least looks authentic. the music sucks & sound effects become annoying as there is lots of heavy breathing whenever the cannibal is on screen. the acting sucks, the whole thing was obviously dubbed anyway but no one in this thing can act.sexo cannibal is a terrible film that commits the fatal mistake of being as boring as hell. the only good things i can say is that it has a certain sleazy atmosphere to it & those close ups of the cannibal chewing meat are pretty gross. anyone looking for a decent cinematic experience should give sexo cannibal as wide a berth as possible, one to avoid.

the performances of fishbourne (who appears strangely funny somehow) and (short featured)ed harris are remarkable, unlike connery's who doesn't appear to find sense in his role and ends up in the motorial behaviour of a 80yr old man. in fact the screenplay doesn't make sense; imagine a 60 min. happy ending-plot plus a sudden turn appendix without any argumental structure in respect to the characters. it's more an accident than a screenplay and may be good for examination purposes at screen-wrights' schools. the more you remind the details the stronger this impression gets. the capital punishment is not an issue here, although it is a subject from the beginning; it sort of fades away without further comment. the subject-matter and environment could have been good.

1st watched 2/16/2002 - 4 out of 10(dir-arne glimcher): mystery??/thriller with too many ridiculous plot twists. despite the very talented cast this movie is way too predictable and just downright under-estimates it's audience. the movie-going public is not stupid and i hope will not keep filling certain stars pockets again and again despite what they are involved with. we think that this movie is going to be about something with connery's conviction against capitol punishment in the beginning but it turns out to be nothing but a standard, contrived for the audience's sake, run of the mill, let's never get it over with, thriller. we are pulled into every silly switch in character, as they are portrayed to us when it's needed in the story, and we're ready for this thing to be over way before it ends. yes there is some good acting here, especially from blair underwood, fishburne, and ed harris in a psycho-supporting role but the story does not work from almost the beginning to the very long-awaited end.

seems that the cast should ensure at least an average movie. and so i sat down for 102 minutes of unbelief. beside ed harris no-one seems to own the skills of acting. even sean connery, who i normally worship, must have had an off-day during the entire filming of just case. not once in during the whole movie one actor could convince me.this made this movie look cheap and unreal.the story makes up a little. it is thrilling, and the plot is unexpected.conclusion only watch this movie if you really have nothing more useful to do.

as other reviewers have noted the film dies in the last 1/2 hour. however before that it suffers from predictability and a stunningly vapid performance by kate capshaw, who clearly never found her character and ruins every scene she's in. connery is fine as is fishbourne, but most scenes are manipulated for effect rather than truth which overlays the entirety with a sense of unreality. and the ending is simply bizarre. the film makers apparently knew when they pieced this mess together that all they needed were sweet potatoes and pumpkin pie to have thanksgiving dinner, so to compensate they added an overloud "dramatic" score. every little jump is accompanied by a crescendo of orchestration, to the point where it becomes laughable. if you want an example of major league bad film this is one to see, otherwise skip it.

look carefully at the wonderful assortment of talent put together to make this movie: connery, fishburne, capshaw, harris, underwood, beatty, thigpen, even cameos by slezak, lange, and plimpton. they prove, in spades, the adage that a good cast cannot save a bad script. the story line requires so many leaps of faith from the audience that its implausibility should have exceeded even hollywood standards. it's not particularly original, and the "twists" are downright cruel.

just cause is one of those films that at first makes you wonder quite why it was so heavily slated when it came out - nothing special but competent enough and with an excellent supporting performance from ed harris. then you hit the last third and everything starts to get increasingly silly until you've got a killer with a flashlight strapped to his forehead threatening to fillet sean connery's wife (a typically mannered and unconvincing kate capshaw) and kid (a very young scarlet johannsen) in an alligator skinner's shack. the kind of movie that's probably best seen on a plane, and even then only once.

the form of the film is that of a suspense shocker. there are surprises, twists and turns, reverses and excitements. at times, this is truly an "edge-of-the-seat" film. but it disappoints, and disappoints severely.the villain of the piece is not believeable; his character does not hold together. i refuse to "spoil" the film, but will only say that the character we meet at the beginning just could not be he whom we see at the end.the second major disappointment of the film is that--finally, it becomes little more that a bloody slasher film. there is little qualitative difference between this and one of the "friday the 13th" films. not that every film need always be totally tasteful, but this film does drip gore on occasion.though the film features the magnificent sean connery, even he does not measure up to his usual standard, and often just seems to be walking through the paces.

just cause showcases sean connery as a harvard law prof, kate capshaw (does she still get work?) as his wife (slight age difference) and lawrence fishburne as a racist southern cop (!) and ed harris in a totally over the top rendition of a fundamentalist southern serial killer.weird casting, but the movie plays serious mindf** with the audience. (don't read if you ever intend to seriously watch this film or to ever watch this film seriously due to the spoilers) first of all, i felt myself rolling my eyes repeatedly at the liberal stereotypes: the cops are all sadistic and frame this black guy with no evidence. the coroner, witnesses and even the lawyer of the accused collaborate against him (he is accused of the rape and murder of a young girl) because he is black.connery is a harvard law prof who gives impassioned speeches about the injustices against blacks and against the barbarous death penalty. he is approached by the convicted man's grandmother to defend him and re-open the trial.connery is stonewalled (yawn...) by the small town officials and the good il' boys club but finds that the case against blair, the alleged killer, now on death row, was all fabricated. the main evidence was his confession which was beaten out of him.the beating was administered by a black cop (!) who even played russian roulette to get the confession out of him. connery finds out that another inmate on death row actually did the murder and after a few tete a tetes with a seriously overacting, hannibal lecter-like ed harris, he finds out where harris hid the murder weapon.he gets a re-trial and blair is freed.i think... film over....then suddenly! it turns out that blair is a psychotic psycho and that he used "white guilt" to enlist connery. he concocted the story with ed harris in return for blair carrying out a few murders for harris.now blair is on the loose again, thanks to connery's deluded pc principles! the final 30 min. are a weird action movie tacked onto a legal drama, connery and fishburne fighting the serial killer in an alligator skinning house on stilts (yes, you read that right) in the everglades.that was one weird film.so the whole system is corrupt and inefficient, the cops are all just bullies and abu graib type torturers, but the criminals are really psychotics and deserve to fry.truly depressing on every level! the system is completely rotten and the pc white guilt types who challenge it are seriously deluded too.two thumbs down. connery obviously had to make a mortgage payment or something.

this is not the video nastie, but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in britain. it is 75% a rehash of the boogeyman, and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was.i was initially confused as i thought that annie (kelly galindo) may have been a different lacey, but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film. fans will immediately note that they are not the same person.after seeing a murder in a bathroom, and also seeing the address as well, annie, her psychiatrist and a para psychology student who greatly resembles the guy on the cheap romance novels and butter commercials, head to the house, and, sure enough, it's the same bathroom. 24 hours later a murder happens just as she described. of course, we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered.then the movie shift to a rerunning of the boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original. notably, the boogeyman is shown unlike the original. sadly, some of the good scenes were cut, but 90% of it is there. why rerun this film? did they find the footage in the trash? what was the purpose? we'll never know and, despite the psychologist telling annie she is cured, we all know the bogeyman will never die.

i got a dvd of "bogeyman" and this stunker was an extra feature. i assumed that it was "boogeyman ii" because it was paired with the original. but you know what they say about those who "assume": it makes an "ass-" out of "u-" and "me." i had read before viewing that bii contains a lot of footage from the original and that it starred actress love. while watching "return of the boogeyman," i decided to stick around through the original footage to see the notorious death-by-toothbrush scene. before i knew it, the film was over. rip-off. i think that i thought this was bii because this has a similar title to one of bii's alternate titles. oh well, at least this was just an extra feature, right? let me stop talking about my mistake and start talking about the movie's mistakes. many, many, mistakes. who does this guy ulli whatever think he is? does he really think the same movie will sell in different forms. there is nothing original holding part iii up. it is basically a flashback of the original through the eyes of a psychic, who is giving us a gruelingly boring play-by-play as everything happens. that's the movie. oh, and one death-by-stereo scene, but you can read that off someone else's review. my interest in "boogeyman ii" is forever lost.final note: this is not a series of films to watch back to back.

i was previously unaware that in the early 1990's devry university (or was it itt tech?) added film to its wonderful repertoire of technical degree programs. well this movie must have been the product of the class valedictorian. my friend and i rented the original 1980 boogeyman on my netflix and this movie was on the flip side of the dvd. do not waste your time with this movie. awful awful awful. the filmmaker adds 2 main character's, a woman and her therapist. the woman has been having dreams about the boogeyman and his victim's from the first film. over 50% of this film is stock from the original movie. the rest of the movie is the main character having the bad dreams while her therapist drones on a the narrator. these scenes are shot through a filter so thick the characters glow. they would make angela lansbury look 25 years old. so, to recap, awful. don't watch this movie.

ulli lommel's 1980 film 'the boogey man' is no classic, but it's an above average low budget chiller that's worth a look. the sequel, 1983s 'boogey man ii' is ultimately a waste of time, but at the very least it's an entertaining one if not taken the least bit seriously. now ii left the door open for another sequel, and i for one wouldn't have minded seeing at least one more. one day while i was browsing though the videos at a store in the mall i came across a film entitled 'return of the boogey man.' when i found out it was a sequel to the earlier films i was happy to shell out a few bucks for it...i should have known better. though the opening title is 'boogey man 3,' this is no sequel to those two far superior films i named above. well, not totally anyway.pros: ha! that's a laugh. is there anything good about this hunk of cow dung? let's see...it has footage from 'the boogey man' and, um...it's mercifully short. yeah, that's about it.cons: where to start? decisions, decisions. first of all, this movie is a total bore. it goes from one scene to the next without anything remotely interesting or scary happening. the acting is stiff at best. the "actors" are most likely friends of the director who had no acting experience whatsoever before, and probably none since. the plot is nonexistent and script shoddily written. the direction is just plain awful. the director tries to make the film look all artsy fartsy by making the camera move around, lights flicker, and with filters, but it adds nothing. the music is dull and hard to hear in parts. ties to the original are botched. suzanna love's character was named lacey, not natalie! and the events depicted in the beginning of the original did not take place in 1978. also, if this has a 3 in the title, why is there no mention of what happened in ii? finally, this adds nothing new or interesting to either the series or the genre.final thoughts: the people behind this waste of time and money should be ashamed of themselves. it's one thing if that had been an original film that was the director's first and sucked. but instead it's supposed to be a sequel to film that is no masterpiece, but is damn sure far more interesting and entertaining than this. if there ever is another sequel, which i doubt it, then it needs to forget this one ever happened and be handled either by lommel himself or someone who has at least some idea of how to make a decent horror film.my rating: 1/5

return of the boogyman is a dreadful movie which doesn't play like a movie, it plays like an episode of a tv sitcom when they flashback to older episodes. return of the boogyman is just a clip show.mutch of the film is constant and annoying flashbacks from the first movie. over and over again the same footage. how boring this is.the movie really is about a psychic woman who has visions of the first movie.i have seen the first movie i don't want to see the same scenes over and over again and i don't know who would. the whole movie looks like it was quickly made to make a few bucks and thats it.

i can't believe this film was allowed to be made. these people should be drug out and beat with blunt objects. they should be tortured. this film is an abomination.it's nothing but footage from the first film. whatever is original is freaky and makes no sense whatsoever. it's like some sort of drug hallucination.like, what's with the laying on a mirror naked therapy. also, whatever moron patched together this turd didn't even bother to watch the first film, because they kept calling suzanna love's character natalie, when it's lacey. i felt like shouting that at the screen, "it's lacey, it's lacey!!!!". i give it a -50 out of 10. my god!!!!

the entire movie is flashbacks from the first boogeyman movie as well as, inexplicably, footage from another uli lommel / suzanna love film brainwaves. it is framed with some more current (from the early 90's anyway) footage that is boring, poorly acted and cheaply shot. not only is the film almost completely flashbacks, they repeat the same flashbacks throughout the film. so you see the recycled footage over and over again, as if you hadn't seen it already. as if the originals weren't bad enough. i've never seen a movie so padded.... someone was milking the last dollar out of these films. total ripoff. and talk about padding... why do i have to write 10 lines about this trash? if i can convey that it's garbage in 2 lines, that should be enough.

let me just say i loved the original boogeyman. sure, it's a flawed clichéd 80s horror movie, but hey those types are fun to watch! and plus it gave us something a bit different. so i gladly bought it and to my surprise this movie came along with it (only copy they had actually) so i thought "eh, what the hell" and bought it. mistake #1. so that night i felt in the mood to watch a movie (i actually bought tons that day) and figured this was the shortest out of all the ones i bought so i'll just watch this and hit the sack. mistake #2. yes, i have heard how bad it was but i was willing to take a chance.so a few minutes into the movie and there's the first flashback. i think nothing of it at first. then the new footage with the prediction of the chick in the bathtub and i'm kinda liking the direction it's going in. then the next flashback which is a bit longer and i'm sitting there thinking "yes i've seen the first boogeyman! i know what happens so move along!" then the next one comes up and i figure screw it and fast forward through it. then the final one (maybe i fast forwarded through the explanation but why was she lying topless on the mirror? at least she could've shown them!) and i decide to fast forward through it and then the climax and the movie was over! wtf? what happened to the prediction stuff? what happened to the long hair dude (did he tap that or what?)? and more importantly what kind of weed was the writer and director smoking when making this awful pos??!!! and what was the point? was annie just having flashbacks of what happened in the first movie? or was the stuff from the first movie just happening at the same time as this? the latter could make sense because the stabbing of pantyhose face happened in 1978 according to the characters in this movie and it was 15 years later. wait a minute, no it wouldn't! because lacey (who the movie questionably renamed nancy! is uli too dumb to remember his movie characters' names?) would be 20 years old since she was 5 when that happened and not only is she married to someone who looks 30ish but also has a kid who looks around 7 and 10! did she get around during middle school? and also why would pantyhose be after annie? what connection does she even have with the characters of the original movie? and a big huge movie mistake i found in this movie is that when the doctor is writing in his notebook does anyone notice that he's just scribbling? wow, how professional, doc! so, what is the explanation for all of the questions i asked above? it's a pointless movie with no thought put into it at all! i will try to find a copy of the original movie that comes with just that movie and that's it (maybe a couple of extra features, any special edition of it yet?). then i will return this dvd and hopefully this review and all the others will prevent those who haven't seen it from seeing it thus making movie stores get rid of it and this movie may not exist anymore! please let that be so! sorry this review is so long. i'm just angry at this movie i had to vent somehow

there are two kinds of characters on the shield: people who try to do the best they can and do the right thing, and people who relentlessly pursue their own self interest and commit every mortal sin they can while telling themselves and everyone else that they are heroes, and everyone's only hope. more than any other show, the shield is about hypocrisy and self-delusion. unfortunately, the hypocrites and self-deluders are the shows heroes, and as such have the typical genre-fiction heroes' improbable immunity to getting defeated or caught and they come out on top over and over again, making fools out of all of their peers.the show boasts excellent camera-work. the lead ins and the fade outs are always superb. it really is a work of art to see. unfortunately the story is a cartoony, overwrought wish fulfillment scenario of gratuitous violence, rape, and lies.the hero, who drags everyone down with him in failed scheme after failed scheme, is wiley like a warner bros cartoon character, always escaping and making fun of all the elmer fudds (anyone who does not support him in his lies and crimes), automatically attracting any good looking woman supporting character to come on the show, always surviving any attempt to bring him to justice, and always scraping your ears with his excruciating self justifications. if another cop detects something wrong with something he's doing, and someone gets hurt because of his actions, he always blames the suspicious cop, regardless of the fact that his schemes and elaborate lies and doomed plans are always the cause. every time.like 24, this show relies on contrivances and innumerable delays to drag its story out for season after season. boring, unbelievable long term stories are injected into the storyline every season to provide a skeleton on which to hang the bloody, perverted chunks of meat that are the characters' corrupt acts and the inevitable cover-ups.most disappointing though, is the writers' hubris as they try to change the viewers' sympathies back and forth, to and away form the characters on whims. sometimes, they want us to see shane as the enemy. sometimes they want us to see him as a poor misunderstood soul. sometimes they want us to see vic as a dangerous, sexual dynamo. sometimes they want us to see him as a poor guy with a heart of gold. sometimes they want us to see mara as a low down vile jezebel. then they think that if they show her sitting and talking over her dreams with shane, that we will find her to be sympathetic and tragic.none of this manipulation is adequate to obtain the kinds of sympathies they want. once they've shown these characters ruin other people's lives for their own ends, that's it. it is nonsense to keep trying to flip back and forth. but then, it is also nonsense to produce seven seasons of these bumbling clowns drawing every super model in existence to their beds and running a crime syndicate right out of the police station, right under everyone's noses.

i consider myself to be a bit of a snob when it comes to everything and although the cinematic experience is more suited to explosions than high drama, i can be very stuck up about films, too.not all art films, however, are better than king kong. i quite possibly would give kong two stars, double this film's haul.my guess is that people got so excited about this because it was almost identical in style to what you can see in a play. for the less discerning art-buff, a film that looks like a play is 'great art'.this film, however, was useless.there was hardly any story so it relied on high drama. the only drama in this film was whether the cat would drop off the roof or not. so, deep and meaningful dialogue, then? no. great acting? hardly.to be excessively fair: some of the scenery was interesting, though: communist flats, city vistas (petersburg?) and the soviet trams still in service.

like wearing a hair shirt. positively, absolutely, without a shadow of a doubt one of the worst movies ever. pure torture. zero stars out of ten. one long, tedious, labored, pretentious, self-conscious, theatrical, and leadenly artsy scene after another. intended to be dreamlike and impressionistic, the soul bared, it is, instead, morose mush. half-naked, father and son grope and whisper to each other like lovers. "homo-erotic" is the point, loud and clear. ok, so what? repeated more than once by the son is the line, supposedly lifted from "lives of the saints," "a father's love crucifies. a loving son lets himself be crucified." the parallel to god and his son, christ, is heavy-handed, irrelevant, and bombastic, like everything else here. some reference points to the theme of russian filiality: "mother and son" (1997); "the return" (andrei zvyagvatsev, 2003); "little odessa" (james gray,1994); turgenev, "fathers and sons"; and, of course, dostoyevsky, "the brothers karamazov."credits in english indicate intended international distribution, meaning that the excuse cannot be used that you have to be russian to understand this mess. this is nowhere near as accomplished or compelling as sokurov's last, "russian ark" (2003).as in his "mother and son," an equally powerful soporific, some scenes are filmed from distorting mirrors, though not as interestingly. the film is almost monochromatic, shot from start to finish through beige filters, making it as visually as it is dramatically numbing. a soft-focus haze only adds to the drugged feeling.an annoying soundtrack drones on, never shuts up, like a tape loop. an old radio constantly plays in the background. russian romantic melancholy swells endlessly as "themes based on tchaikovsky." the presence of a "sound designer" (sergei moshkov) signifies, of course, that all those irritating little sounds, radio static, noises, distortion, and such, are "designed." it's hard to believe someone (sergei potepolov) actually wrote this thing. it all seems as arbitrary as traffic, as if improvised by bored actors, popping out of nothingness into nothingness.modern art has finally succeeded in signifying the thing without being the thing, so that what we behold is the idea of the idea, empty as a shell, but not even a shell, merely the idea of a shell. could one ask for a better definition of decadence?

this film is beautiful to look at, but is like watching really bad experimental theater. the plot (if there was one) doesn't make any sense. but it is very "artistic". lots of shots of half-dressed actors wrestling and looking deep into each other's eyes. lots of arty shots through windows and with people out of frame. mumbling and people wandering wistfully. lingering close-ups of faces and bodies. by the time you get to the threesome on the roof with the cat, you'll be ready to throw a bottle of ky at the screen.it is supposed to be about a father and son's relationship, but you will just be wishing the two of them would just f*$& each other and get it over with. if you have always wanted to see bad russian gay porn without any money shots, your wish has been granted.

the film begins with promise, but lingers too long in a sepia world of distance and alienation. we are left hanging, but with nothing much else save languid shots of grave and pensive male faces to savour. certainly no rope up the wall to help us climb over. it's a shame, because the concept is not without merit.we are left wondering why a loving couple - a father and son no less - should be so estranged from the real world that their own world is preferable when claustrophobic beyond all imagining. this loss of presence in the real world is, rather too obviously and unnecessarily, contrasted with the son having enlisted in the armed forces. why not the circus, so we can at least appreciate some colour? we are left with a gnawing sense of loss, but sadly no enlightenment, which is bewildering given the film is apparently about some form of attainment not available to us all.

from a plot and movement standpoint, this movie was terrible. i found myself looking at the clock in theater hoping it would end and relieved after 80 long minutes that it mercifully did. basically, five characters appear in the movie, a son & father, son's girl friend, and two male characters of the son's age who appear and then disappear without context or explanation. the movie and scenes seemed to suggest homo-eroticism, but nothing ever actually happened to reveal this one way or another. there were a couple of brilliant scenes. at the beginning of the movie, the son's girl friend shows up at a window outside his room and they engage in an odd conversation. the photography and acting lent an incredible seductiveness to the interaction between the two, ending with her admitting to having another man who was "older". end of that story.

set in south africa, a young black guy tries to land a part in a 'gangsta' movie. but with no knowledge of street life, he's told to find out what that life is really like or he won't get the part. he manages to work his way into a gang led by an old friend of his from school and his chances of appearing in the film decline as he commits crimes to be accepted. but for the gang's leader, the burgeoning disaster of his new friend's life suggests a golden opportunity to do something better with his own.while that may sound relatively interesting, it's anything but. the first half of it is incredibly meandering and tedious, while the "hijacking" only takes place towards the end with some very poorly executed low speed car chases. in those "chases", only two police cars are used, both of which are early 90's nissan sunny's. not only would these be rather cheap to pick up (and i find it rather hard to believe they'd be using such mundane old cars in south africa in the year 2000), but as far as i can remember, there's only 2 involved and none of them get a scratch once. the car chases are very badly shot, with distant and badly timed camera angles and minimal traffic on the roads, and they're all over in around 2 minutes at maximum as you're supposed to believe that a very small kid is actually a highly skilled driver who can easily evade the police despite the driving being pedestrian and utterly unexciting. this now leads me onto the characters and the acting, which are equally bad. the aforementioned kid who drives the car, looks about 13 years old and supposedly is extremely skilled at losing the incredibly inept police. everybody else is equally unconvincing, so much that they even look bored at times themselves.at the closing scene of the movie, our main character ("sox moraka") is asked by the gang leader to steal a car from a car park. while having trouble opening it, the police arrive and ask him what he's doing and he replies by telling him it's their car. after a brief argument they try to arrest him and he then holds the police at gunpoint and jumps back in their car. after he's in, the police return fire and in turn he gets wounded. after another pathetic chase sequence, they decide to abandon the car and set it alight to destroy any evidence. what follows here is one of the most downright laughable and hideously awful special effects i've ever seen. when the car "explodes", superimposed flames suddenly appear from every window with awful sound effects that aren't even in time. it's so badly done and so phony looking that it's hard to even put it into words, and really needs to be seen to be believed. if you watch it in slow motion it looks even funnier. i've seen better effects than this in murder reconstruction documentaries. the car is a volkswagen golf mk2 gti. something that wouldn't be worth a huge amount at all, and they seriously couldn't afford to destroy it with a real explosion? i'd love to know how large the budget for this movie was. it feels so cheap that i'm surprised it made it outside of south africa, and even more surprised it made it to a dvd release.i know it's not a big budget hollywood production. i know it's meant to depict gangs in impoverished townships of south africa who steal cars from the middle class in and sell the parts on the black market, but with the laughable effects, poorly executed car chases, awful acting and ludicrous characters, any sense of reality is completely lost.overall, i most certainly do not advise you to watch this. if you want to have a laugh and see one of the most poorly done, low budget messes of amovie ever created, then i'd recommend it for that, and only that.it is a wretched, poorly made, poorly edited, poorly paced and tedious piece of low budget drivel that fails on all counts. i've seen many south african movies, including lots of cheap nuimage/nu-world action pictures, and despite their cheesiness, they're far better than this on all counts.

i saw this movie when it was released, and my distaste for it has stuck with me all these years. here's why: greenaway's goal seems to be to take every literary image in the tempest and make it literal. if a character were to say, "my heart takes flight," we'd be shown an actual human heart, with pigeon wings attached, flapping across the screen. this process makes for some lush tableaux, but ultimately it's a facile exercise. and it becomes deadly boring.i don't begrudge the pleasure other viewers found in this movie, but it's worth knowing that not everyone in the audience was enraptured.

every now and again you hear radio djs inviting listeners to nominate movies that the listener can't stand or never watched all the way through. this is the movie that i think of...days later.it's got something to do with a play by shakespeare. not sure, but i think i bailed on this movie some 20 odd minutes into it...think i realised that my toenails wouldn't clip themselves, and they were looking at me imploringly to get cut.this movie just seemed boring and pretentious to me.even though this is the first movie i've given such a low score to (which i've actually attempted to watch), i wouldn't want to put you off other movies by it's english director, peter greenaway. i remember thinking that his "the cook, the thief, his wife and her lover" was a truly great british film even though its content was at times stomach churning-a brilliant movie, but i can understand why people would balk at seeing it.another good film by greenaway was "a zed and two noughts". again, it had some content that pushed the boundaries of good taste, but was intriguing nonetheless.the other film that i usually think of too late for such radio show topics is "brazil". never managed to watch that all the way through either-kept falling asleep!unless you have a taste for self-important movies which are off-puttingly highly stylised, laboriously paced and difficult to follow, then steer clear of prosero's books.

"sir" john gielgud must have become senile to star in a mess of a movie like this one.;this is one of those films, i suppose, that is considered "art," but don't be fooled.....it's garbage. stick to the "art" you can admire in a frame because the films that are labeled as such are usually unintelligible forgeries like this.in this masterpiece, giegud recites shakespeare's "the tempest" while the camera pans away to nude people. one of them a little kid urinating in a swimming pool. wow, this is heady stuff and real "art," ain't it?? that's just one example. most of the story makes no sense, is impossible to follow and, hence, is one that liberal critics are afraid to say they didn't "understand" so they give it high marks to save their phony egos. you want shakespeare? read his books.

i came at this film with high expectations. i was aware of greenaway's work and 'the tempest' and was interested in an adaptation. i first wanted to switch off after ten minutes, but felt that it would be unfair. there was a representation of a storm, but where in your mind do you conceive a small boy peeing over a toy boat? it is symbolic of what? i continued another ten minutes my finger twitching over the 'off' button, somewhere something would capture my interest. this is not shakespeare, it is not cinema. there is a time and place for it, but i will not waste my time and there is no place for it in my studies of shakespeare. after twenty five minutes i gave up and that was the end. i then read all the comments on this website and the pretentiousness of the film is only matched by its defendants. 'its a painting.....then put it in a gallery', 'it's a ballet.....keep it on the stage then'. shakespeare can be done intelligently, and the plays were performed to mass audiences, they were accessible, and this version helps put a wedge between shakespeare and the general population at large - and i do not think that the bard would be happy with that.

i usually talk a bit about the plot in the first part of my review but in this film there's really not much to talk of. just a mish-mash of other far better sword & sorcery epics. lack of cohesiveness runs rampant as does banality. even the main villaness refusing to wear clothing other then a loincloth is pretty boring as she pretty much has a chest of a young boy.mildly amusing in it's ineptitude at best and severely retarded at it's worst. lucio fulci was scrapping the bottom of the barrel here and it shows.my grade: d- dvd extras: posters & stills galleries; lucio fulci bio; and us & international theatrical trailers eye candy: sabrina siani is topless throughout (some may consider that appealing, i did not); various extras are topless as well

this was a watershed event in my movie watching life. i went to see this in the theater when it came out. i was completely amazed at just how bad it was. movies like this make you wonder who put the money up and who owed whom a favor - a very, very large favor. the special effects are absolutely first grade level, as in any first grader could have done them. toy rubber bats on strings with no attempt to hide the strings, arrows that appear to be drawn on the film and look to be the shape of an arrow you'd find on a street sign, and a laughable story line. ed wood made masterpieces compared to "conquest". every film student should see this thing just so they'll know the very definition of a bad movie.

warning: this review contains a spoiler. wow. almost impressively bad. note i said, "almost". this is nothing more than lots of random scenes strung together in a loose attempt at a story. the protagonists (you cannot call them "heroes") shoot innocent bystanders for their food, and also rob same for similar reasons. there's also tons of homoeroticism, which was a turnoff for me. (spoiler: it seems as if the villainess (who only is topless and not naked as other reviews claim) gets killed early on, but miraculously recovers, adding another 70 minutes of audience-torture.) i can't shake the feeling that animal abuse occurred numerous times in this cinematic abomination. if you're in a mst3k mood, you might find this watchable, but for the most part you can forget it. go rent the original conan dvd instead.

shlock-merchant leo fulci takes a change of pace by making a trashy, barely coherent sword and sorcery fantasy movie instead of his usual trashy, barely coherent horror. a wimpy orlando bloom type called ilias, from some society vaguely resembling ancient greece travels across the ocean to caveman territory on some vaguely defined quest to battle evil, where he joins up with a animal loving hunter to battle the wolf-man and mutant minions of a vampiric topless evil sorceress. wackiness ensues. the sorceress, is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself. she sends various minions, each weirder than the last, after our heroes who win through in the end, striking a blow for oppressed cavemen everywhere. this movie contains a steady stream of wtf? elements and moments.for some reason the entire movie is shot in soft focus and the picture is further blurred by the constant presence of mist on screen. this may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks. either way, it failed. there is no atmosphere, unless it is one of scuzziness and mild bewilderment and there is no hiding how lame everything looks. the wolf-man minions look like a poor man's wookie. for some reason the director fell in love with shots of them leaping through the air in slow motion, six million dollar man style, toward our heroes when they attack. there are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets goofier every time. the other minions of the topless sorceress, other than the generic leather clad humans, are some lumpy white mutants who appear to be covered in cobwebs. needless to say they are slow and unthreatening and when they speak sound like gay hispanic, lisping daleks. the fights are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are woeful. oh yeah, the music is cheap synthesiser stuff that the makers of doctor who would have been embarrassed to have used.ilias, our nominal hero is bland and forgettable. he also looks a complete wuss, especially with his midriff revealing leather outfit and big hair, and is clearly a moron. sure, he's a dynamite shot with his magical bow but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to battle this entire continent of evil. needless to say he runs out of arrows within a few minutes and has to be saved by more traditional sword and sorcery hero, mace. when he meets ilias he establishes himself as the taciturn loner type, claiming he has no friends but no sooner can you say latent homoerotic subtext they are bosom buddies, traipsing the misty hills together. mace promises to take ilias with him in return for bow related favours. ilias asks where he is going. "wherever my legs take me," is his reply. good enough for ilias. mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite. he proclaims his great love of and affinity toward animals, citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be soooo mean. he says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but he will steal meat off other people who have hunted down animals. he is also not above randomly killing innocent passers by for no good reason. not long after they meet, he is testing out ilias' bow and the movie cuts to some random caveman, minding his own business, walking along and mace shoots him dead. there is no indication this poor soul did anything to deserve this and even ilias, who supposedly hails from a more moral and civilised society doesn't even raise an eyebrow. the films villainess is quite unusual. for the entire movie she is completely naked except from a g-string and a golden mask that encompasses her entire head. it's like fulci included her to make the movies obligatory t&a quotient but decided she was bit too much of a butterface at the last minute. she spends a lot of time seemingly being pleasured by her pet snakes and dreaming about being shot by a faceless bow wielding man who is dressed like ilias. wow, such symbolism! later on in the movie she wimps out when she can't beat ilias and mace and promises to make herself the sex-slave of some ancient warrior dude if he kills them for her. hardly the world's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women's rights. i think he sic's the cobweb creatures on our heroes and impersonates mace in a situation where there is no no-one else around but mace to fool. was he really worthy trading your self respect for, ocron? there are quite a few other wtf? moments. most of them come toward the end of the movie. ilias wusses out, i forget why, possibly his permed hairdo got mussed, but realizes the error of his ways and returns to aid mace in fighting the forces of evil. all of a sudden, for no reason, his bow can suddenly fire out multiple target seeking bolts of energy. the bolts can also shoot through solid rock when necessary. needless to say his makes short work of the hordes of bad guys who have captured mace.the climax is also rather nonsensical. mace decimates ocron's remaining forces using the bows targeted laser attack capability. he then is able to shoot ocron from a kilometre away using its shoot through rock capacity. she starts dying. her mask is ripped of revealing a hideous muppet head. she staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders off with another dog. mace smiles. roll credits.strangely enough as far as these dodgy low budget sword and sorcery movies this one is reasonably lucid and focused. any one who has seen wizards of the lost kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering these movies can truly be.

ah, lucio fulci, rest in peace. this infamous italian is mostfamous for "zombie," and the absolutely unwatchable "thepsychic" and "manhattan baby." well, add this to the unwatchablelist.the plot, as it were, concerns a nekkid woman who wears a goldmask and a g-string. she wants the power of a young dubbedstud who has a set of magic arrows and a bow. they are magicbecause they glow. arrow boy teams up with a guy in a bad wig,and they spend most of the movie rescuing each other from flataction sequences. in the end, the nekkid chick is defeated, but notbefore taking the mask off and reminding me why i broke up withmy high school girlfriend.fulci bathes every shot in an orange glow and fills the screen withsmoke. nothing like a smoky orange action sequence to make youcrave sunny delight and a cigarette. the special effects arelaughable. in one sequence, our ambiguously gay duo areattacked by dozens of arrows that are obviously pin scratches onthe film itself. the majority of the effects budget must have beenspent on the fulci-licious gore, which consists entirely of spurtingwounds. hey, we can all use a good spurting wound once in awhile, but when you get into spurting wound overkill, it gets boring.i kept having to play with the brightness setting on my tv anywayjust to see what the heck was happening.there is lots of talk of fulfilling omens and prophecies, so let medo a little look into the future...if you find this movie and watch it,you will regret it. the scene on the video box (by media) does notappear in the film in any context whatsoever. "conquest" is a conjob. what mst3k could have done with this!this is rated (r) for strong physical violence, strong gore, femalenudity, brief male nudity, and mild sexual content.

i like fulci films, i really do and not in some boring ironic way either but i recognise that they appear hopelessly inept and garbled to lots of people.conquest is where fulci tries his hand at the epic fantasy genre and doesn't really succeed. structurally, it's like most fulci films you've seen. some stuff happens, some more stuff happens and occasionally one scene might be tangentially related to another. really it's like conan with no sets, no script, no real actors (yes, arnold scharzenfartz is hardly an actor either), no budget, stupid looking dog soldiers and a bunch of gore.this one was a hard one to get through and i could've lived without the inch of vaseline smeared on the camera to give it that hair metal music video look.

the plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify as "plot" and "character". the biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark, out-of-focus, and blurry. the fact that fulci filled the whole movie with mist doesn't help. on the other hand, the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence. the inconsistencies are pretty entertaining, one of the main characters says he has no friends, yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time, and has a whole gaggle of women on the side. though he does show his anti-social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who's just minding his own business!images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters but what do you want from fulci. maybe it ruined his career, but it wasn't really much more stupid than zombie. worth a rental if you like gory italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre. how do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help?

despite being released on dvd by blue underground some five years ago, i have never come across this italian "sword and sorcery" item on late-night italian tv and, now that i have seen it for myself, i know exactly why. not because of its director's typical predilection for extreme gore (of which there is some examples to be sure) or the fact that the handful of women in it parade topless all the time (it is set in the dark ages after all)it is, quite simply, very poor stuff indeed. in fact, i would go so far as to say that it may very well be the worst of its kind that i have yet seen and, believe me, i have seen plenty (especially in the last few years i.e. following my excursion to the 2004 venice film festival)! reading about how the film's failure at the time of initial release is believed to have led to its director's subsequent (and regrettable) career nosedive into mindless low-budget gore, i can see their point: i may prefer fulci's earlier "giallo" period (1968-77) to his more popular stuff horror (1979-82) myself but, even on the latter, his commitment was arguably unquestionable. on the other hand, conquest seems not to have inspired fulci in the least  seeing how he decided to drape the proceedings with an annoyingly perpetual mist, sprinkle it with incongruent characters (cannibals vs. werewolves, anyone?), irrelevant gore (we are treated to a gratuitous, nasty cannibal dinner just before witnessing the flesh-eating revelers having their brains literally beaten out by their hairy antagonists!) and even some highly unappetizing intimacy between the masked, brain-slurping villainess (don't ask) and her slimy reptilian pet!! for what it is worth, we have two heroes for the price of one here: a young magic bow-carrying boy on some manhood-affirming odyssey (andrea occhipinti) and his rambling muscle-bound companion (jorge rivero i.e. frenchy from howard hawks' rio lobo [1970]!) who, despite being called mace (short for maciste, perhaps?), seems to be there simply to drop in on his cavewoman from time to time and get his younger protégé out of trouble (particularly during an exceedingly unpleasant attack of the 'boils'). unfortunately, even the usual saving grace of such lowbrow material comes up short here as ex-goblin claudio simonetti's electronic score seems awfully inappropriate at times. fulci even contrives to give the film a laughably hurried coda with the surviving beefy hero going aimlessly out into the wilderness (after defeating one and all with the aid of the all-important magic bowso much for his own supposed physical strength!) onto his next  and thankfully unfilmed  adventure!

today, bea arthur died so i was cruising around the imdb web site and somehow wound up on a show called "gloria." "all in the family" was a brilliant show for its first four or five years and i bet i watched every episode more than once. however, i swear that i did not know a show named "gloria" existed. maybe, that's a good thing. maybe, it means i had a life as a young adult rather than watching television.on the other hand, it is pathetic that the "all in the family" franchise had deteriorated so much that it begat a show i never heard of -- and one that is rated very poorly by the previous reviewers.i rated the show a 1 for two reasons -- the system did not allow me to register a no vote and writers and tv execs should be condemned for starting a show that had no business being on the air and besmirches the memory of one of the greatest shows in tv history.shalom, zwrite

this was a classic case of something that should never have been. gloria was now a single mother, her husband had left her because she wouldn't live in some commune with him (he was mad that reagan had been elected and wanted to turn his back on society). right then and there i had problems with the series - come on, i say to myself, is this the same noble michael stivic that countered archie bunker's right winged philosophies? the series went on, but it just didn't have any pizazz. whatever momentum sally struthers gained from all the family was long gone. maybe, if the series had been given another name and presented as being totally independent of all in the family, it might have worked out. ah well, that's show business.

the bad news is it's still really dreadful. i gave it a 2 because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny.it's supposed to be better than "mulva, zombie ass kicker", and progress should be rewarded. or maybe i was drinking heavily when i watched it and felt generous. whatever, "2" it is.maybe the best thing about this movie is that it's over pretty quick. it takes elements from most of kill bill i & ii's key themes and fight scenes, hacks them up, dumbs them way down, dirties up the dialog, and squishes the whole mess into about an hour of truly awful amateur video.you'd best smoke a lot of something powerful if you want to enjoy this one. and get this dvd back to the video store on time! you'll really hate yourself if you have to pay a late fee.

although this is "better" than the first mulva (which doesn't say much anyways, i would rather watch paint dry) it still sucks. do yourself a favor and avoid anything from these low budget pictures guys. i was suckered into buying a few dvds to support some indy filmmakers and boy did i regret it. some haven't even been officially "released" yet (not bootlegs-bought from the filmmakers themselves) and i can't even list how bad they all are. avoid anything with teen ape or bonejack in them as they do pop up in other small indy films that they are friends with. if you are friends of these guys, chances are you were in their movies and had fun making them. but for those that had to watch them? no way. bad video, bad audio, bad acting, bad plot...etc etc. these aren't even funny. i gave this one a 2 only because debbie rochon is in it and that is about it. maybe it doesn't even deserve the 2. about a 1 1/16th star to show it was slightly better than the first (which i wish i could have rated in the negatives). if you want a decent no budget film, go pick up something from lbp's "friends" over at freak productions like marty jenkins or even raising the stakes. those are actually decent.

mulva is put in a sugercoma by teen ape. when she awakens she's considerably hotter (the parts played by debbie rochon in this sequel), and out for revenge on those that did her wrong. as the sub-title and box art implies this is indeed a take off on the "kill bill" films, but this being a chris seaver's film, it's a wildly incompetent satire (and i use that last term extremely loosely) i'd love to say this is better than the first film, but truth be told i was so impossibly drunk off my ass when i saw the previous film that i can't even hope to compare the two at this point in time. but i must have enjoyed it since i bought the sequel (see when i'm drunk i like, for lack of a better word, complete and total crappy movies) there are a few laugh out loud moments (very few) but i do remember bonejack being funnier though. well at least at slightly over an hour, it is over mighty quickly for what it's worth.my grade: d+ dvd extras: audio commentary by director chris seaver, actress debbie rochon, and the lbp gang; second commentary by seaver; 31 minute making of featurette; lloyd kaufman's 6 minute tribute to low budget pictures; fake 2 minute syrup commercial; stills gallery; promo trailer; and trailers for :mulva", 'quest for the egg salad", "fiilthy mcnasty"1, 2, & 3; "the feral man", "the bonesetter", "midnight skater", "demon summer" & "splatter rampage wrestling"

a bit of a disappointing film, i'd say: the acting was stilted, somehow. in many cases, i just couldn't feel that the facial expressions matched the words spoken or the intent of the scene. an angry (or sad, happy, frustrated) character should make the viewer believe that he's angry (or sad, happy, frustrated). that doesn't happen here.the comment about the writers assuming you already know the characters was apt. they do things and say things which come out of nowhere: the character andrew accuses his parents of sending signals to each other at dinner; then he blows up and storms out, telling his father "don't touch me, you f***!". maybe, if we'd seen the prequel, we would understand where all that comes from, but there is no prequel, so we're somewhat at sea as to the reason! one odd, quirky thing that andrew does is to go to an old stone quarry, sit down on the edge overlooking the "still water" below; then he reaches into his jeans pocket and extracts a pack of cigarettes and lights one up. he did this same thing three times during the film; i guess we're supposed to see this as some tortured act of being alone and angry? maybe once, but three times? it might even have been four times, i lost count.to be honest, there is the fact that he's recently found out that he's adopted; this happens very early in the film so there's no sense of any dramatic change he might be undergoing because of this discovery. it's not really clear if that's why he's so bitter or if it's about something else.i guess there is a sort of lynchian feel to the film but should a first-time director really be trying to scale such a mountain so early in his career?

this could be one of the worse movies i've ever seen. i don't see how could this ever be described as a horror movie, or even a thriller? its more like a lumbering drama. the scary music is excellent but since there weren't any scary situations the director thought it would be a good idea to use it for everyday activities like taking a dump or walking down stairs. the movie had so much potential. they had beautiful cinematography (sp?) and interesting characters, but it seemed as if the writers assumed you already knew them. they would undergo peculiar activities without explanation or even a clue at what they meant. this is simply one of those movies that says its about one thing and it something totally different.

i'm a big fan of camp, but when every plot 'twist' is predictable and bad, while obviously not trying to be, even i lose interest. i was going to rate this a 3, but the ending dropped it a point easily. its only saving grace is that i hated other movies more. not enough beer in the world for this one.

complete waste of time.... this movie is not comedy, it's not drama, it's not romance...not even teenage comedy at least!!! story... it should be some turn-over one end... but it's so disappointing! when movie has a turn-over on end i expect that turn-over to make movie even better (exp. "fight club") but this turn-over makes movie even worse.... when i watch teenage comedy, and i don't do that very often, i expect lousy jokes and bunch of nudeness... jokes are too lousy and there is no nudity... you got only one....very good looking i must admit... girl, and that's that! and she's fully dressed whole movie! acting is bad... like soap series... don't waste your time! there are porns with better story and acting!(sorry on my bad english)

i was eager to see "mr. fix it" because i'm a huge david boreanaz fan. what i got, though, was a 1-1/2 hour nap. the premise seemed enjoyable: boreanaz is lance valenteen, proprietor of a business called "mr. fix it", where dumped men enlist his help to get their girlfriends to take them back.among the problems with this movie are the editing, script, and acting. although i've found boreanaz delightful in his other film roles (with the exception of that "crow" movie he did), this was disappointing. at times, his character was interesting and others, flat. the supporting cast reminded me of soap opera day players. i realize it wasn't a big-budget film, but some of the scene cuts and music just didn't seem right.my advice: watch at your own risk.

well, this movie started out funny but quickly deteriorated. i thought it would be more 'adult oriented' humor based on the first few moments but then the movie switched into a bad made-for-disney channel type mode, especially a go-kart racing scene that was incredibly long. alana de la garza is gorgeous but has a really fake italian accent. the movie looked and sounded very independent and low budget. there was one very cute moment which i'll just call the serenading scene but overall this one was a yawner. the laughs are very few and far between. the end surprise for "mr. fix it" is so ridiculous it left me more mad than anything else. might be worth a look if you can catch it for free or tv but don't waste your money buying or renting this movie.

i gave it a 2 just because natassia malthe (as the vampiress quintana) looks sooooo sexy in this movie.certainly there is very little logic to this movie, but so are most of the sci-fi vampire flicks. the movie probably tried too much to break away from the traditional vampire stories. unfortunately, it went too far and made the whole story not just unreasonable, but ridiculous.there is too much gore and too many rip-off-the-body scenes that made me feel sick. a good vampire movie should be more sensible that you don't need to see a lot of blood -- we all know when a vampire jumps on a human he/she is going to do what a vampire will do. a few moans or screams are all it needs to describe the scene (like the one at end when quintana tries to sexually arouse rosa, all it needs is a few moans, the rest is your imagination). anyway, it's just my personal taste.

this is just flat out unwatchable. if there's a story in here somewhere, it's so deeply buried beneath the horrid characters and jarring camera work that's it's indiscernible. there's a group of vampire hunters who go around doing their thing, and the vampires they kill have little aliens inside of them. they pop their heads out and talk like speedy gonzales. if you can imagine a blood and gore covered alien sock puppet screaming in horror as a cowboy dude zaps it with a cattle prod, well, that's what you get here. these folks are loud, obnoxious, violent, and just extremely annoying. then there are some anti-human humans, who stand around in their cgi spaceship being so incredibly pompous that it's impossible to take. these folks make hillary clinton seem like a right-wing extremist in comparison. they're friends with some vampires, or something...who cares.then there's the camera work. remember how everybody hated the thousand-cuts-a-minute crap from the recent rolleball remake? the folks who made this movie love that stuff. there's enough of it in here for three really crappy nu-metal videos on mtv.nuff said. this thing smells. in comparison, dracula 3000 is a masterwork.

i'd passed this title 15 or 20 times while in blockbuster, looking for something halfway decent to watch. all i can say is that they were all out halfway decent films the night i chose to rent this.i will give it credit for being leaps and bounds better than "dracula 3000", but in actuality that's pretty easy to say since this one didn't have caper van dien in it. the other things it lacked in spades were: an interesting cast, interesting story, good dialog and originality, but i suppose you can't have everything.***spoilers ahead*** the misfit crew of vampire hunters (one of which was a vampire... go figure) flew around from mining colony to mining colony trying to wipe out all the vampires it could find. the crew consists of: the cocky, ne'er-do-well captain (who dies early on), his by-the-book, yet inexperienced first mate, the aforementioned vampire vampire hunter (not a typo), a wannabe cowboy and a really, really butch asian commando, "tough guy" female... it almost sounds like the cast for mtv's 'the real world'. after the captain dies in a violent confrontation with a mob of bloodsuckers (and as it turns out, lovers of the finer parts of human anatomy) his first mate takes over... blah, blah, blah... everyone hates him... blah, blah, blah... i could go on, but as i said it's the same storyline used in about a hundred other 'films' of the genre.the effects were cheese and why michael ironside was in this movie is beyond me. the vampire vampire hunter (still not a typo) was pretty hot, but of course if you're waiting for her to expose more than just her cleavage, look elsewhere.i can't say that it was the worst film i've seen, as i actually rented 'starship troopers 2', but wait for this one to come on the sci-fi channel.

i give this movie a 3 as it is worse than the cult movies that deserve a proper 2. it does not make sense to you? well, it doesn't have to. this is another vampire movie with a stupid plot, no, let me rephrase, incredibly idiotic plot, where space cowboys (complete with cowboy hats) battle a space race of moron vampires.does it get any uglier than this? the only good thing in this movie was natassia malthe, with her stunning norwegian beauty. god, i wish michael ironside and the deluise brothers would stop accepting dumb roles in dumb movies! i mean, at least seaquest was nice! i know mr. ironside from a lot of movies, he has acted in 164 movies at this date!! it's true that he was rarely in a major role, but still!

my commentary has nothing to do with the political sentiments found in the film. in fact, they're quite congruent with mine. what gets me is the fact that in terms of a movie, it is stupid and devoid of any semblance of story, motive or dialogue. maybe someone should tell neal that substituting lyrics of songs which are failing to inspire anyone outside of a dwindling audience isn't the same thing as creating characters who are motivated to speak because of events created by the writer or director. a silly narrative remains as such despite the iconic legacy of neal young. the most childish scene is the one where the devil dances his way into a bar, slips a tonic to an unsuspecting hero, who then finds his way onto the dance floor to mouth the words to young song to the heroine, who is unaware of what's taken place. somehow these two dream up a scheme where they will go up the west coast in search of????? sorry neal, stick with music and leave film making to steven stills.

well i just gave away 95 minutes and 47 seconds that i'll never get back on this piece of trash. i heard someone online describe this movie's villains as "subhuman cannibals", and i thought it was promising because i thought it would be like the descent. wrong! the descent was a psychological thriller with dynamic characters and strong storyline. these villains are totally unrealistic and no part of their performance is enjoyable to watch. this movie isn't so controversial, i've seen this level of gore in many films. this movie plain sucks. synopsis: a blonde who thinks she's real hot (but she isn't), her admirer, and her admirer's friend (no, i don't remember their names) go into the woods. their car breaks down. they are warned to leave by a man named mark. the blonde gets unreasonably hysterical and the next morning they can't find the admirer's friend. admirer impales his foot (whoops!). don't worry, he is much more upset when his car won't start than when he gets impaled by nails. after a nanosecond of coaxing, the blond leaves to find help. events ensue that i cannot remember. during this and throughout the movie, we are shown grotesque torture scenes with no substance including one that made me gag. blonde goes to save admirer from house of cannibals (even though all they are seen eating is intestines, which would logically be the last choice for real cannibals to eat since they contain actual food). blonde finds admirer hurt and works very hard (unsuccessfully) to work up tears. then you get a good laugh when the blonde is in the house and announces she can "out think them". mark (the man who warned them to leave) has a remarkable change of character when he reveals the cannibals are his family. then there is some shooting, they leave the house, the shooting continues, then a random guy shows up and says he's been watching them. before he is shot, we are shown an acid-trip inspired scene of more killing. the blonde or her admirer shoots him because he did not help them. there's more killing, the admirer professes his love for the blonde. then a mysterious hand covers the camera. what does that imply? i don't know, hopefully not a sequel.

wow, after trashing the disk of timo roses "rout city" after about 15 minutes (south park is about more than meaningless cursing... i guess some people just don't get it) i was interested in this movie. i read quite some positive stuff and the packaging and look of the movie seemed far from the total trash i expected after "rout city".surprise: the movie isn't total trash but the problem seems to be exactly that. timo rose tries to walk in the footsteps of german horror/splatter cinema like olaf ittenbach and the likes. that means "barricade" is in parts extremely gory and detailed. the gore fx are not really believable but ok, the acting is ok but in some cases plain sucks. the hillbilly chick in the opening sequence is ridiculous and doesn't get better till she's shot.so what is the problem... the movie is gory, has a typical german underground vibe (including the classic booby shots in blood), ok fx and a modern feel to it like the packaging already promised?! 1. the script is total bs. you get a typical hillbilly/lost in the woods story with some guys+gal camping out and meeting a degenerated hillbilly family. everything is just leading towards the torture/mutilation scenes and seems unbelievably random and pointless. this is the first thing that makes "barricade" half-hearted.2. random is also the perfect description for a lot of the camera work (i liked the repetitive cut to the tweezers in the extended booby torture scene... either they had no material or the editor works in a hardware store). even worse the editing... sure, its modern and far better than a lot of other movies in the genre but its random. you got an overuse of that typical exposure effect everywhere and with no meaning ... its just there... all the time. then there's some grainy/noisy film look which also is just thrown in here and there for the sake of it, i don't get the meaning.3. like the fore-mentioned effects there is a lot of repetitive stuff in here. for example most of the kills are edited with multiple repetitions of stabbing and punching. its ok once but here its annoying and fake, especially towards the end. annoying also attributes the "music" which is permanently used without any change in the background. it doesn't take long until it makes the movie hardly bearable.4. from all this comes the biggest problem of this movie (and many others in my opinion). if you make a splatter movie with trashy feel its pretty idiotic to polish it with special fx and new school editing. it looks like they take it way too serious. its no fun because the decent gore fx are plain wasted in this context. and where the classic gore fx are ok the computer fx in scenes like the stabbing in the mouth or the gunshots in the ending look rather silly(and 3d splatter mostly sucks to me even in movies with a budget and decent 3d artists).i often wondered if the time of serious splatter movies is over and "barricade" is just another example it might be time to put it in the tomb. its no fun, has no character and is too trashy for its look. the script is a cheap try on "wrong turn" and "tcm" leading absolutely nowhere. you can take that literally... the ending is just there and as random as many other things here ("i love you" in a splatter flick... come on!!). "barricade" tries to incorporate a lot and fails...you can sure fast-forward through this movie for some extensive disembowelment, acid face melting,nipple pinching and classic friday the 13th style stabbing of a couple while fingering in a tent (bloody boobies hooray!). but its really hard to get through this. total failure especially because you can see it could have been something.

yikes. this is pretty bad. the play isn't great to begin with, and the decision to transfer it to film does it no favours - especially as peploe doesn't decide how she wants to treat the material's theatrical origins (we get occasional glances of an observing theatre audience etc.) and has decided to go with a jumpy editing style that is intended to keep reminding you that you're watching a film, whereas in fact it only serves to remind you that you are watching a very poor film by a director who is overwhelmed by her material. mira sorvino's central performance is breath-takingly poor: stage-y and plummy, it's as if she's playing the part via helena bonham-carter's merchant ivory oeuvre. only fiona shaw delivers a performance of note - and it may be that her theatrical pedigree means that she is best able to handle the material - but it's hard to watch a film for one performance alone, even if that performance is as light, truthful and entire as shaw's. ben kingsley turns in an average and disengaged turn, and diana rigg's daughter, rachel stirling plays her supporting role as just that. sadly, none of bertolucci's magic has rubbed off on his wife if this film is to be the evidence.

let me be clear. i've used imdb for years. but only today i went through the trouble of registering on the site, just so i could give this movie the lowest possible rating. i've seen hundreds of films, some of them bad, a few awful. never, though, have i seen such a contrast of pretense and incompetence, of high intentions and failure.mira sorvino is horribly cast as the princess, but entirely unbelievable as phocion, a young boy. fiona shaw is always an entertaining character, but the dialogue in the film is much worse, even, than in the insipid french play that is the source (marivaux never reached hollywood until now, and we should keep it that way).to illustrate, for example, that leontine is a brilliant, passionate philosopher and scientist, she is shown frantically pouring chemicals from beaker to beaker, shouting out names of famous scientists. and the romance between agis and the princess is played even sillier. for this, the pair should receive a joint 'clair danes' award, which in a just world would be awarded for gratuitously anachronistic and uninspired re-interpretation of interesting teens from literature as brats of the 1990's (see miss danes in les miserables).aside from the atrocious plot and dialogue, there are some attempts to introduce artistic tropes into the filming. for example, there are moments when a handful of spectators are faded in and out of view of the action, sitting in chairs, watching the principal characters. the director wants us to realize she's adapted a play. i get it. but it doesn't happen at all until far into the film. at that point, seeing a crowd of people sitting in chairs for a moment, then disappearing, is creepy and distracting. they're like some sort of un-scary zombie crowd, appearing through the mists, filling us with dread. when you see the horrible frolic and song that ends this movie, you'll want to rouse your own crowd of zombies and kill them all for the grave injustise of poisoning your mind for 112 minutes.-matthew mcguire

"triumph of love" is proof that not every comédie-française author who uses cross-dressing disguised courtship like shakespeare is worth seeing. or maybe something was lost in the translation of this adaptation of marivaux, a commedia dell arte-inspired playwright of whom brittannica says: "his nuanced feeling and clever wordplay became known as marivaudage." while mira sorvino has fun dangling three mixed-up romances, her pants role wasn't even up to cherubino in "marriage of figaro."the herky-jerky editing is annoying and just seems to indicate that a lot of takes were needed for each long speech.best was fiona shaw as the fooled spinster, as well as the costumes.the glimpses of audience we see and the closing curtain call to wink that this is all artifice doesn't really help.(originally written 5/29/2002)

i don't'know... maybe it's because i'm brazilian but all that stuff was too much. too much love for the music, too much parties, too much contrast between the nice lives of the main characters (come on, it's not so sad) and the aspect of the city shown by the director. everything looks too fake to me: the families, the relationships, the music, the "happiness". it simply sells a little taste of fake latinamerican culture. i must be honest: it did seduce me a little, but who would not be seduced by that fake lives made of nice music, sex and parties? i'm not that stupid: what kind of world is this one in which people do not suffer of diarrhea, profound sadness and stds? i liked the scene with caridad's mother phone call and the discussion about the contract with all the musicians and the spanish people.

serum starts as eddie (derek phillips) is delighted to learn he has been accepted into medical school to carry on the family tradition of becoming an md like his father richard (dennis o'neill) & his uncle eddie (david h. hickey), however his joy could be short lived as eddie is involved in an accident & is run over by a car. taken to the nearest hospital it doesn't look good for poor eddie so his uncle eddie convinces his brother richard to let him save eddie with the serum he has developed, a serum which will give the recipient the power to self heal any sort of wound or illness. desperate for his boy to live richard agrees but the procedure has unwanted side effects like turning eddie into a brain eating zombie which is just not a good thing...executive produced, written & directed by steve franke i'll be perfectly frank myself & say serum is awful, serum is one of those no budget horror films which tries to rip-off other any number of other's & ends up being slightly more fun than having you fingernails pulled out with pliers. the script is terrible, it has the whole re-animator (1985) feel to it with mad scientists wielding huge syringes trying to eradicate death but it's so boring it's untrue, the first forty minutes is nothing more than a really dull soap opera that amounts to nothing expect to pad the running time out with eddie arriving home after spending some time away & finding his ex-girlfriend has hooked up with someone else, arguments with his step-mom, getting drunk with his mate & generally boring the audience stiff. so, once the tedium of the first forty minutes is over & if your still watching it it takes another twenty minutes to get eddie re-animated & then he kills a couple of people, police catch up with him & shoot him, the end. thank god. serum is devoid of any of the characteristic's that one would associate with a good film, the character's suck, the dialogue is poor, it takes itself far too seriously, it's dull, it's slow, it's forgettable & considering it's meant to be a horror film there's an alarming lack of blood, gore or horror. not recommended, did i mention serum was boring? i thought so.director franke does nothing to liven this thing up, although competent there's no style here at all. the gore levels are none existent, there's a bit of splashed blood, a bitten neck, a couple of scars on a dead woman's face, a couple of scenes where a needle pierces skin & that's it. don't expect a re-animator in the gore department because if you do your going to be sorely disappointed, much like i was in fact. filmed in what looks like one house, one restaurant & a lab the film has no variety either & just looks cheap throughout. there's a couple of scenes of nudity but that's nowhere near enough to save it.technically the film isn't too bad, at least it looks like proper cameras were used, i can't really comment on the special effects because there aren't any but generally speaking serum looks reasonably professional. apparently shot in texas, or should that read it should have literally been shot in texas? the acting sucks although again i think they were proper actor's rather than friends or family of the director.serum is a terrible film, it's dull, slow, boring, has no gore & feels like a horrible soap opera for the first forty minutes. i don't understand why anyone would feel the need to watch this when they can watch re-animator or one of it's sequels again instead, seriously i recommend you give serum a miss. there i've just saved you from wasting 90 minutes of your life, you can thank me later.

dr. k(david h hickey)has been trying to master a formula that would end all disease and handicaps, but needs live donors to complete his work. his doctor brother richard(dennis o'neill)has a son named eddie(derek philips)who is accepted to medical school. eddie has a girlfriend named sarah(lizabeth cardenas)who is pre-law and plans to attend law school herself the coming fall. she and eddie resume their relationship when sarah calls things off with her current boyfriend who is also shagging the lady of walt(bill sebastian;eddie's best friend who recently paid for his cheating girlfriend's boob job). eddie accidentally gets hit by a car and appears on the throes of death when dr. k makes a suggestion to richard..let him "recuperate" eddie using his secret, illegal methods. when dr. k applies his serum to eddie horrifying results occur. eddie's face bulges massive warts while he has also acquired a taste for human flesh. many will die so that eddie can feed this uncontrollable appetite he can't quench. soon he may even pose a threat to his father and girlfriend..eddie monster must be stopped.typically awful direct-to-video horror flick suffers from a severe lack of budget, acting, and overall talent. the premise, which seems like an interesting fright-fest, fails to deliver even as a zombie flick. the gore is limited with a few munching scenes but most of the violence occurs off-camera. the use of time to move the story along can really get annoying.

"sleeping with the enemy" is a predictable, 'been there before' thriller that never seems to find any inspiration no matter how desperately cast and crew try. i can't believe a bunch of my friends talked me into seeing this at the movies some sixteen years ago.the complete lack of originality from the ronald bass screenplay (based upon the nancy price novel) does not help, nor does the stale direction of joseph ruben or the very average performance from julia roberts. the supporting cast including patrick bergin and kevin anderson do little to help.there really isn't a lot to say. just give it a miss.sunday, april 14, 1991 - hoyts cinema centre melbourne

julia roberts obviously makes a concerted effort to shake off her cotton wool pretty woman persona with this spurious spousal abuse thriller, but it's hard to imagine she'd end up putting in a performance as powerful and convincing (and oscar winning) as she did in erin brokovich based on the back of this rubbish. and make no bones about it, it's nothing more than a julia roberts vehicle, but unfortunately, her performance is not the most lacklustre thing about it.the plot has all the markings of a late night made-for-cable, and don't be under the impression that it will offer any insight into the dark world of domestic abuse because non of the characters are sketched out enough for you to really care. ultimately disappointing and unsatisfying, without roberts' name above the title, i'm sure it would have totally flopped, deservedly.

this movie was probably about as silly as the naked gun (which was supposed to be). case in point:1. in order to fake her drowning roberts is secretly taking swimming lessons at the ywca. after her "death" the ywca calls her husband at work to give their condolences. hello how did they get his work number?2. before she leaves town she drops her wedding ring in the toilet. days or even weeks later her hubby finds it in the john. does this mean the toilet was never flushed?3. no explanation is given on how she is paying for her mothers care in the retirement home (since she did it behind her rich husbands back).4. towards the end of this tiresome film roberts suspects her husband is in the house. instead of running for her life she runs to the kitchen instead to see if the cans are stacked neatly.

let's just say i had to suspend my disbelief less for spiderman than i did for hooligans. that is, to say, i have less of a problem believing toby mcguire can stick to buildings than i do elija wood throwing down with toughs in manchester. i won't get into specifics, as i don't want to write a spoiler, but the idea of grown, professional, british men getting into near death scraps every weekend is, well... funny. and this film is not. the fighting, the idea of fighting, is taken far too seriously. the gravity of the pugilism, the reverence with which the subject matter is treated becomes irritating, as it neither establishes or resolves the conflict. it seems as though the plot, with holes big enough to drive a guiness truck through, has been slapped together with a contrived "fish out of water" theme so that viewers can gaze into woods teary eyes as he learns how to become a man ie. hitting other young men of opposing football tastes with blunt objects and then running away as fast as he can. the characters are cartoonish, especially the americans at harvard. the character development and story line are telegraphed to the viewer throughout the picture. unfortunately, the absurdity of the film doesn't reach its height until nearly the end, which by then you'll have spent nearly two hours of your life you are never getting back. pick up "the football factory" or "fight club" instead of this corny, and disappointing dud. it doesn't waste time with empty melodrama, the tired old "yankee in king aurthur's court," or weepy, parables of coming of age bullsh*t. they're just pure, dark, and clever fun; the way violence is supposed to be.

i'm sure to people watching this move outside of britian this film will be an entertaining watch, but for someone from the uk it's painful in it's errors.right at the start of the film elijah wood gets off a tube at bank station, which has been trashed. he says to his sister, who he's meeting, "what happened here" and she replies "oh tottenham were in town yesterday"!!! tottenham are in town already.. they're part of the town, they don't have to go there! and if tottenham fans wanted to fight other fans the last place on earth they'd do it is bank station, where there are probably more security cameras than anywhere else in the world.there are several other similar errors but the biggest failing for me is the actor who plays the lead hooligan. he clearly decided it wasn't worth trying to speak with an east end accent and instead opted for a dick van dyke style mock-ney which made my ears bleed. it was accentuated by the fact the rest of his gang all spoke in the way you'd expect west ham fans to speak. this error made him unbelievable in the role and really spoilt the film.

first some background; i am english and have lived in london all my life. i have been to many games at 'the den' and most other london club grounds. i am familiar with the type of person who gets into hooliganism and i know just how they act and how they speak. have to say this is a bad, bad movie. i can tell you that green street is one of the most unrealistic movies i have ever seen. i spent most of the movie cringing with embarrassment. i felt i should write a mini review because i felt i needed to point out a few things.a) people just don't talk like that in london in real life; the filmmakers took the whole slang thing too far and made it sound stupid. unfortunately hooligan types do exist, but those you see in green street are more like parodies. b) the actor who plays pete dunham (charlie hunnam) unfortunately sounded about as 'english' or 'cockney' as osama bin laden. he's from up north in newcastle and i'm just amazed any of the other actors could keep straight face acting alongside him - how are we supposed to take him seriously. why they didn't just get someone from east london to play that part is beyond me. i could have done 'a bang up job' myself, hehe. c) mr frodo. i mean how can i be expected to take seriously elijah wood kicking the ass of people twice his size and who are genuinely nasty hooligans. he'd be dead. simple as that. honestly (as a brit) it was hard to watch this film. i'm pretty sure this film will bomb here in the uk. it may do a little better in the states because the americans just wont know (or care) how inaccurate it is. please my american and foreign friends, don't believe a word of this nonsense. yes these firms do exist but it's all extremely underground and hush hush, and on a vastly smaller scale. the movie only gets a 2 from me because they actually filmed some of it in london. usually they try to film these things in cardiff (wales) or something and expect us all not to notice.

i may not have the longest of attention-spans, but this is the second movie i have refused to see all the way through, and i even bought it on dvd because of its "classic" status. at first, i thought that the director was playing a big joke, so i kept waiting for a resolution, something to laugh at, something to keep my interest, but this resolution never came. rather, the writing was laughably amateurish, the movie dragged on and felt disjointed, like someone cut a tv series to feature-length. the academy must have been on drugs when they nominated this movie for no less than eight oscars.once again, i repeat myself. this is the second movie i have refused to watch all the way through. the first was "exterminator". i hope this gives you an indication of how bad it really is. 1/10

i heard many stories about this film being great... well, i took my chance when i saw it for a cheap price at ebay last month.i watched it, and i have only a few comments about it:1) terrible story-line, 2) terrible acting, 3) bad fighting-scenes...i never seen any worse movie in my life so far!! when the storyline is bad, than at least make the fights something more interesting. but both are done ridiculously bad...* the only positive thing about this movie (in my opinion) is nikki berwick. god, she looks nice in this movie.that's about it...

director f.w. murnau wisely stuck with the silent film medium he knew so well to cover this story of native islander life in the south seas. the documentary style works very well for the first half of the movie. the landscapes are beautiful, and the daily life activities of the islanders are interesting to watch. the film loses momentum, though, when it begins to concentrate more on the narrative story of two doomed lovers. the storyline just never gets that interesting, despite being handled well by murnau. won an academy award for best cinematography, although the award probably should have been for best scenery. you can't really credit the dp for getting to shoot in such a beautiful location.

i loved the original. it was brilliant and always will be. strangely though, i actually looked forward to seeing the re-make. i'm usually a little bit against re-makes because there's far too many of them, but somehow this intrigued me. i was really enjoying it to begin with. caine brilliant, as usual, and jude law managing to hold is own next to him. it was quite clever how it was modernised and it was working. what stops this from being really good is the last seven minutes. it goes completely away from the original, so far in fact that is ceases to be clever and just gets annoying. the end in the original was fantastic! so much tension was built up and it was unbelievably clever! this? it grows not in tension but in frustration as it seemed they decided to make caine's character a homosexual. it was if they were trying far to hard to be different. and then... bang! law's dead. roll credits. this film is worth the watch simply for the performances, but those last seven minutes really do drag it down. what a pity....

i thought the film was good in parts.the start was exciting .the first 30 minutes of the film were good.the camera angles in the first 30 minutes were strange and i did not like it coz the were they not covering the actors entirely.i think the last 25 minutes of the film were really not that great from which we expect a lot in case of such films.the dialoques did not make sense and i don't think they were very witty.i felt as if they were trying to copy films like phonebooth in terms of dialogues,but failed miserably.it seemed as if they many of the scenes between the actors were put for sake of it and did not make any sense to the story.the entire film features only law and caine.i don't think it was a waste of time,its an ok film,but not gr8

a remake of the superb 1972 movie of the stage play, nicely casting caine as the nemesis of his character from the first movie. but doing nothing else nicely at all.a under-parr performance from the actors, law and caine, diluted further by weak self-indulgent direction.the warmth of the setting in the original is forsaken for a super-modern homesetting. the subtle interplay between oliver and caine which made the first movie so watchable, is replaced with a horrid, brash arrogance that instantly breeds disdain in the viewer. but this is not the clever, to-ing and froing of liking one then the other character the original fostered so well, this is an obvious ott character assassination of both character from the word go.this version of sleuth is not really worth seeing, watch the original film and be dazzled from the opening act.

it's a while ago, that i have seen sleuth (1972) with two great actors michael caine and laurence olivier. michael caine is back, but he is now the husband and jude law the lover of his wife. the story is still the same and it's a fantastic play.during the movie i always had the feeling to watch a play. that's one of the reasons i dislike this remake of a classic. when i watch a movie adapted a play i still must feel to see a movie and not just a play. director kenneth brannigan did some marvelous movies in the past, but this time he missed. another reason was the look of the movie. the design was modern, stylish clean, uncomfortable and cold. i never got the feeling that somebody ever lived in that house. the photography wasn't bad, but the lightening was awful. sometimes there was blue light, dark, green light, to round it up not friendly for eyes.the acting was really good. michael caine's and jude law's perform at their best. i really would like to see these 2 guys playing together on stage. but i have to confess i never was a fan of jude law. the weakest part was the mid part. i remember that in the original that this part was still very mysterious and just marvelous directed. i tried to watch it twice and always in the mid part i felt asleep. the end part is better and more interesting. sleuth (2007) isn't awful, but it seems to be more a movie for critics than for the audience. sleuth (1972) is still a masterpiece and much more entertaining than sleuth (2007).

joseph l. mankiewicz's sleuth didn't need a remake. it's a thoroughly well made film that stands up well to this day. however, given that the modern day remake machine is currently in full swing; i really can't say i'm surprised to see the film updated for modern audience. the plot remains identical to the original film and at its core we have the story of a young man, milo tindle, who goes off to see an older man, andrew wyke, to discuss a divorce as the younger man is having an affair with the older man's wife. from there, a game of cat and mouse ensues. its clear right from the outset that director kenneth branagh wanted to add a different touch to this film and he does so by way of the central location, which has been changed from the charming games-ridden country house of the original to a technical marvel kitted out with layers of security equipment. i'm glad that the director chose to make this change as nobody wants to see a remake that directly copies of the original; plus there's the fact that the location is well used and always nice to look at. unfortunately, however, the positive elements of sleuth 2007 end there.the original film was over two hours long, while this remake is only just a shade over eighty minutes. naturally, therefore, that means that this version has less about it; and unfortunately it's the characters that suffer. the plot is also rushed and we get into the first twist in the tale far too quickly and before we are given any chance to actually understand why and how these events can be taking place. the film does not build the characters, or the rapport between them, enough to make sure that their relationship makes sense. one major thing that has been changed about the older character is his obsession; in the original he was obsessed with games which turned out to be very important once the twists come into play. here he has some kind of security fetish that doesn't really mean anything by the end. kenneth branagh's handling of the film allows for a classy score but the class ends there. the original thrived on it, but this film is happy merely to soil itself with expletives on numerous, and mostly unwarranted, occasions; which cheapen the whole thing. the final twist in the tale is completely different to how it was in the original and ensures that the film boils down to a really hideous conclusion. after spending two hours with the original i understood, respected and liked both characters presented in the film - after eighty minutes of this, i hated them both. i do have some respect for branagh for not merely rolling out a carbon copy of the original film; but this is not a good adaptation of the great anthony shaffer play.

at the name of pinter, every knee shall bow - especially after his nobel literature prize acceptance speech which did little more than regurgitate canned, by-the-numbers, sixth-form anti-americanism. but this is even worse; not only is it a tour-de-force of talentlessness, a superb example of how to get away with coasting on your decades-old reputation, but it also represents the butchery of a superb piece. the original sleuth was a masterpiece of its kind. yes, it was a theatrical confection, and it is easy to see how it's central plot device would work better on the stage than the screen, but it still worked terrifically well. this is a michael caine vanity piece, but let's face it, caine is no olivier. not only can he not fill larry's shoes, he couldn't even fill his bathroom slippers. the appropriately-named caine is, after all, a distinctly average actor, whose only real recommendation, like so many british actors, is their longevity in the business. he was a good harry palmer, excellent in get carter, but that's yer lot, mate! give this a very wide berth and stick to the superb original. this is more of a half-pinter.

i really wanted to like this movie. it has a nice prison setting, conspiracy theories, bloodthirsty zombies, a perfectly hideous 80s-touch and it is a directorial effort by actor john saxon, who also plays a bad (you guessed it) a bad guy. it reminds me of some (beloved) italian horror flicks. but the direction is very wooden and there is no nightmarish/frightening moment in there. it just goes on and on and on, and then it (logically) has to end. more suspense and more daring visuals and its destiny as a cult classic would have been sealed.

i give this marriage 3 years and thats stretching it. adrianne curry is fouled mouth, spoiled, controlling, loud, and her bi sexual past makes me laugh. she tells chris he has an image to protect and must avoid strip clubs. he married her. chris has low self esteem and from a different time warp. i have nothing against adrianne curry but this combination is not gonna have a happy ever after ending. her mother said he was an old rooster and thinks this is his last attempt to recapture his youth. here 2 very good people who are gonna end up in a nasty divorce. i don't think his old " brady family" is gonna fit into his new life. i see them being shut out. chris said his friends were more important than his family. the supported him and was there for him.

i decided to watch this one because it's been nominated for oscar this year. i guess as many folks here i really wanted to like this movie, but ended up bored and disappointed. first scene was ok but the whole rest of the movie in "shaky hands" camera mode is really annoying.i guess the main reason for making such a movie and nominating it for oscar is this:american "military machine" (people, who makes money on war) urgently need an excuse or justification of war in iraq by bungling up something (sort of) patriotic.why these "heroic" efforts of director and the main character to _inspire_ the audience with an idea of "loving-war-like-a-drug"?.. oh, please, come on! what a bore! watch this to get an idea of how low the movie academy can fall...

... and being let down bigger than ever before. i won't make any direct references or anything here, but to say the least, this film is pathetic. if you're military trained, don't bother watching. i put it on the dvd with 2 friends wanting to watch a somewhat interesting action / war flick. why couldn't i just have read the reviews first.already at the first "bomb" scene the film has huge glitches, and they continue to show and become bigger and bigger. my 2 friends, not connected to the military in any way spotted a couple of the filmmaker's mistakes almost as fast as i myself did and asked me if some of the things going on we're realistic. well, as you might have guessed, they're not - at all.avoid this movie unless you're able to overlook these completely idiotic and re-occurring mistakes being made. 2/10 for catching my interest at first.

this whole film should have lasted 45 minutes - maximum. although an interesting concept/theme, it really did not develop as a story. once the initial idea of a brave (stupid?) bomb disposal expert (cowboy?) are introduced, and this happens very early in the film, the rest is repetitious. characters were not explored, and aspects of the location and politics were ignored. there was some nice insight into the appalling difficulties faced by troops in such a foreign environment, and the difficulties in differentiating between friend and foe. but the way in which the unit operated stretched belief! individual performances were good, and special effects were adequate, but not enough to overcome the basic lack of content.

really??? i am truly amazed to see the glowing reviews here! this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. it is one big pathetic, grainy, cliché. i would have laughed out loud, and a lot, but was on a date with an ex-military guy. i could not hide my other response, boredom. yes, i think my date, a flat-line "good old boy", liked it. that's not a compliment. i know an actor wants to work.... fine for the others. but ralph, come on.it was a painful tease from ralph. i vote a 2 only because ralph looked so stunning. but i must plead, ralph, how could you? and, why?? i'm going to go watch the end of the affair to heal and recover now.... c1

who did the research for this film? it's set in baghdad in 2004, however all the soldiers are wearing acus and have all universal camouflage pattern gear. no one was wearing that stuff in 04. i just saw this film while deployed overseas and i can say that the overwhelming feeling from the audience was wtf? this movie made no sense, had characters come and go with no explanation, and people doing ridiculous things that would never happen in real life. i realize that it's a movie, but it's obviously trying to portray something realistic. it fails miserably, but it's trying. it's like someone came up with a bunch of random ideas, chewed them up and swallowed, then vomited out a film. i would not recommend this film to anyone. i'm still not sure why i sat through the whole thing. gi joe was one that really made you think compared to this. stay away!

well i too had heard read all the breathless reviews and comments about how this movie might deserve the best picture oscar so i went to see it today. what a major disappointment! 1) if you read the other reviews you will learn from members of the u.s. military who served in iraq how unlikely the events of this movie are. they mirrored my own thoughts; as the movie played i - a complete civilian - kept thinking to myself, "say what? there's no way that would happen like that.." 2) there's very little that actually happens in terms of plot. a new bomb disposal guy shows up to replace one who was killed (a death that isn't really clearly explained). the new guy gets an adrenaline rush from his work. his attitude puts others at risk. that's it! 3) this movie is nowhere near as suspenseful as claimed. if you want suspense try one of the bourne movies. if you want to see a war movie that's emotionally powerful, try renting go tell the spartans, which is about the vietnam war, and stars burt lancaster (who told me personally in a serendipitous supermarket encounter that it was a film he was immensely proud of and one he viewed as some of his finest work, and which he was still upset had been largely ignored in the wake of the over-hyped apocalypse now), or an old wwii black and white classic sink the bismark, which, especially for an english film, is unbelievably heart-wrenching. don't waste your time on hurt locker.

i am definitely in the minority opinion on this one. "the hurt locker" has won more "best picture" awards from the critic groups than any other film this year. however, not only did i not like it, i found it hard to sit through.there is minimal plot and little character development. they disarm bombs, fight, and disarm more bombs. that is the entire movie. but the worst part was that the camera never stops moving and is constantly shaking. this has been a recent fad in film making and it is supposed to make it seem more real because it has a cheap, documentary look to it. the camera was shaking so much it was making me nauseous to look at the screen.i normally don't care for war movies and "the hurt locker" was no exception. but you don't need to take my word for it because the critics love it.

there is no artistic value in this movie to deserve any award. well, it does not deserve an audience as well. ironically, one of the awards is for cinematography but frankly, the camera movements are disconcerting to say the least. every frame, you feel you are getting the "full picture", its like someone is "cropping your view" from the edges. the story is pathetic. well, i will be honest, i could not bear to watch the entire movie. the part that sucked the most was when i saw the soldiers partying in their barracks and one of the soldiers coaxed to drink liquor. these and many other similar scenes reminded me so much of steven seagal.take my advice, stay away from this piece of crap.

could contain spoilers.....i'm surprised by the high rating of this film to be honest..really am. all i saw was a slow moving propaganda movie with nothing much to say. (note to self must check the rating for platoon on here)this movie was so black and white...americans good...anyone else either evil or useless. i take it the british troops in it were meant to be sas (one of the most elite units in the world most would agree with i'm pretty sure) they lost 3 men and the others ran away while the us troops who weren't even elite soldiers in the fighting sense held the ground and opened up a can of whoop ass on them evil sneaky iraqis. aye dead-on strings to mind. the only good thing i have to say about this movie did come in this sense when the sniper took out the sas man...muzzle flash from distance, good noise used...really well done that bit but the rest...spare me what am i 10 years of age over here??!! well i'm not and can see nonsense propaganda in a movie and boy did this movie have it.spoiler...oh aye and in the main crazy,wild guy can't stay at home with his wife and young child..no he has to sign up for another year to fight in a nonsense lie of a war!! why...because young men need thrills or something apparently. like say i'm surprised by the high rating of this movie really am.p.s. i'm not hating america i'm hating the message of this movie that seems to not even want to confront issues of an illegal war (in my eyes) which ok fair enough because clearly there are people out there who think it's a just war for whatever messed up reason (wanted to say something else her but censored) but hey that's up to them. but to churn out a movie so one-sided like it's black and white...good v evil is lazy and treating me as a child. in war there is a lot of grey and it's two (sometimes more)sides who believe in what they are fighting for. not star wars with something something dark side verses the goodies. f' sake hollywood at times you really do take people for mugs...then again 7.8....well maybe you are right to but i'll not be buying it. glad i downloaded this movie tell you all that for nothing. ;)

as usual, i am making a mad dash to see the movies i haven't watched yet in anticipation of the oscars. i was really looking forward to seeing this movie as it seemed to be right up my alley. i can not for the life of me understand why this movie has gotten the buzz it has. there is no story!! a group of guys meander around iraq. one day they are here diffusing a bomb. tomorrow they are tooling around the countryside, by themselves no less and start taking sniper fire. no wait here they are back in bagdad. there is no cohesive story at all. the three main characters are so overly characterized that they are mere caricatures. by that i mean, we have the sweet kid who is afraid of dying. we have the hardened military man who is practical and just wants to get back safe. and then we have the daredevil cowboy who doesn't follow the rules but has a soft spot for the precocious little iraqi boy trying to sell soldiers dvds. what do you think is going to happen??? well, do you think the cowboy soldier who doesn't follow rules is going to get the sweet kid injured with his renegade ways?? why yes! do you think the iraqi kid that cowboy soldier has a soft spot for is going to get killed and make him go crazy? why yes! there is no story here. the script is juvenile and predictable! the camera is shaken around a lot to make it look "artsy". and for all of you who think this is such a great war picture, go rent "full metal jacket", "deerhunter" or "platoon". don't waste time or money on this boring movie!

i love a good war film and i fall into the "been there, done that" category. so i would like to think my review is an accurate one (imho). having just watched this film on dvd i can safely say that it was a pile of rubbish. there is no way i can recommend this film to you.it started off with me shouting at the tv saying "you wouldn't do that" etc...but i soon realised that having a bit of job experience would be a hindrance so i chilled a bit. but on the opening scene when the trailer wheel fell off i got a nasty feeling that this film would be a predictable dud...i was right.there simply wasn't any logic to the eod scenes. i just know that the army team had some of the most patient insurgents ever at the other end of the command wire or remote trigger. so much so i was left scratching my head all the time. then just when you think you know where the story is going the guys in the humvee are off out on their own driving around the desert. one of the most valuable assets in theatre out on a jolly bumping into some sas wannabe contractors.the sniper scene was just so laughable. it just made no sense at all and made me want to switch off there and then. then for them to drag it out so long really did test my patience.it started with the "contact right" and went down hill fast. if you had a brit accent then you got shot but if you were part of the eod team then suddenly you were a great shot and saved the day. then just as you thought it was over it stretched on for an inexplicably long period without adding anything to the story at all. you are just left watching and asking why hasn't it ended yet?then we had the booze scene where they just hit each other for a laugh..another scene where you just wanted it to end. it added nothing to the film.then just as my life seemed very dull the main star went outside the wire to hunt someone down. this most be the most ridiculous scene i have ever watched. it defied all logic and ability to write a good storyline...it was senseless and awful. i still don't understand why they wasted time on it. then to watch him just jog through the busy streets heading back to camp had me rolling on the floor with laughter. pure comedy :)the sad fact is that this storyline is all over the show without really deciding what it wants to be. i thought it was going to be stupid illogical eod scenes but then it kept going off on tangents trying to be something different. but as hard as it tried it just bored me to death. all i wanted was for it to end. it was a messy compilation of stupid scenes mixed into a batch of stupid, senseless, action(ish) scenes.there is no way i can recommend this. maybe my work experience compromised the enjoyability but even the naive must realise this just doesn't make sense. the only thing more stupid than this film is the artificially high imdb rating...which must be the 24/7 work of the box office pr team who seem to use this website as a way of making everyone think it is good. sorry folks...it just ain't!not recommended...it will just bore you.

i just rented this today....heard lots of good reviews beforehand. wow!! what a pile of steaming poo this movie is!! does anyone know the address of the director so i can get my five dollars back???? finally someone bumped "stop-loss" from the 'worst iraq war movie ever' number one spot. to be fair, i don't think there are any good iraq war movies anyway, but this was really bad. i won't get into any technical inaccuracies, there's a hundred reviews from other gwot vets that detail them all. if the director bothered to consult even the lowliest e-nothing about technical accuracy however they could've made the movie somewhat realistic....maybe. i guess the writer should be given the "credit" for this waste of a film. he or she obviously hatched the plot for this movie from some vivid imagination not afflicted with the restraints of reality. does anybody but me wonder what the point of this movie was? was there a message? seriously though.....wtf????i'm pretty amazed at all the positive reviews really. this film is hard to watch as a vet because of all the glaring inaccuracies but even if one could overlook that, the plot sucks, characters are shallow (to say the least) and the acting is poor at best. it's ironic, i suppose, that this movie is supposed to be about explosive ordinance disposal, because it's the biggest bomb i've seen this year.

some unrealistic movie spoilers included.from real life experiences, this movie continued to disappoint from the very beginning. i'm currently deployed on my second tour to iraq as an infantry man. this film has nothing near what would happen in real life occurrences. from the very start to name a few: the bomb cart, the eod elements rolling out solo with no escorts, the eod staff sergeant sneaking of vbc, having sleeves rolled the entire time in acus, to where i had to call it quits on my 2 dollar haji copy, the sniper scene. the list would continue, however, it is unnecessary to list things wrong happening with a time span of 2 minutes before more things were incorrect; and the point was made.this movie is for people and critics to watch that have no understanding or experience with deployments or the military.people with military background or knowledge of the military will be disappointed with the inaccuracy.

watch a team of bomb disposal experts in iraq count down their time before they can go home.that in itself sounds boring. every time that little caption came up telling us how long they had left, it just caused this film with no plot to drag on and on. hurry up and finish your time there so we can all go home.i must be missing something. i'm a great fan of war films if they are done well. this had "jarhead" syndrome. a film that at times was beautifully shot, but cinematography doesn't stop it from being totally dull and pointless.and get over the slow mo "cartridges coming out of the gun" shot already. they could have saved money and just got stock footage from any other film with a gun in it.i didn't have any empathy for the main guy in it, i was constantly hoping that his recklessness would cause him to die. in fact the film would have worked much better if he had.i read some reviews and seemed to get the feeling that those who had been in the armed forces disliked it, and everyone else loved it. i have never been in the forces, and i'm with them. it's pretentious drivel. the 3 stars are for the cinematography.

i saw this movie once, and i thought it was ok. then my friends at work said "watch it again, it's better". so i did. and to my surprise, it was worse on the second time! there's a word limit, so i'm going to get the ball rolling here.-the bombing scenes were all so stupid. why on earth would anyone wait to trigger the explosion??? -none of the characters here are even remotely likable. not on the first time, not even the second.-oh, and last time i checked, a car does not explode from a single gun shot, nor can a fire that huge be put out with a tiny fire extinguisher... did the above 3/10 viewers actually watch the movie??? -the camera is so shaky, i can barely tell what is going on. that opening scene with the robot had my stomach off-put, the rest of the movie was not much better.-the sniper scene. the mcmanus brothers (from "the boondock saints") would roll their eyes, it was so stupid. first off, why did the guy plant his gun where one person had gotten shot? furthermore, why would he spend that much time cleaning the bullets, reloading, aiming and not get shot, when there was so much chaos going on around him? -sas types running instead of staying and fighting back?????? huh????? are the soldiers... gay...??? i didn't mean to sound homophobic, but honestly, that scene was so ridiculous.-too long for its own good, yet too short for the amount of material crammed into it. bigelow seems to think that the more action, the better. looks like she is wrong- the movie is full of superfluous action scenes thrown in there to distract you from the lack of a central plot. i know watchmen is longer at 163 minutes, but at least that movie didn't drag. this movie, on the other hand, does, and for it, feels longer.the only good thing was renner, who was satisfactory at best. but do yourself a favour, just skip this, and don't give into the hype.

i'm a huge fan of war movies, and, as a vietnam combat vet, have some experience with the technical details. i worked with the bomb guys more than once and have nothing but respect for them. other vets, and iraq vets in particular, have summarized the inaccuracies in this movie very well. poetic license is one thing, but this movie is a complete fantasy, and fails badly because of it. no bomb disposal unit, or any unit, would ever have tolerated this rogue operator for more than 5 minutes. military units prize conformity and discipline for a reason;it saves lives. the opening scene particularly annoyed me. the guy with the cell phone would have been shot immediately. yelling, "stop dialing" is not an effective deterrent. it got worse from there. the scenes with the sniper were particularly egregious. as others have noted, your average eod guy doesn't know jack about being a sniper, and to think any arab sniper is that good really stretches the imagination. kidnapping an arab businessman for some form of personal revenge just wouldn't happen. somebody might shoot him, but this kind of risk-taking is limited to the movies. i could go on, but, as i said, others have pointed these things out in detail. this is not a good movie, and if it wins any awards at all, it's a further reflection of why "la la land" is so named.

like a latter day ayn rand, bigelow is la major muy macho in her depiction in the film of a few tough american hombres stuck in iraq defusing roadside bombs set by the ruthless, relentless, child-killing arab terrorists. as bigelow posits the iraq war as the backdrop of the grand stage of human drama, one veteran bomb expert gets blown up and another shows up to replace him in the dusty, hot, ugly rubble that is iraq, and a new hero is born.the new guy is what john hershey described in his book, and later the movie, the war lover, as a sadistic wingnut who actually isn't fit for civilian life, and requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and suppress his errant sexual desires. the war lover can only fully function in war, peacetime suffocates him. while hershey chastised the war lover, (played in the film by steve mcqueen in one of his greatest roles) bigelow glorifies him. the army needs war lovers, they are the bulwark of defense against our enemies. we can't handle the truth, that it is war lovers who are the best soldiers, the toughest men. according to the unironic bigelow, regular men are pussies, the war lover is a special breed, the last of the cowboys. so what if he wants to bare-back his men, or fondle an iraqi boy? he is a throwback to the sex-and-death cult of war. in war, sex is a thankless, loveless, don't-ask, don't-tell kind of male bonding. bigelow has no opinion on this; she just limits the options of masculinity in this ham-fisted attempt at realism. only a war-lover can win the moral struggle between right and wrong, between american innocence and arab perfidy. bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the ingenuous facade of journalism. she's just another gung-ho yahoo depicting a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit.on the political front, bigelow returns to the western genre and its relentless clichés again and again, ad nauseam: the wonderful world of the open frontier, which happens to be some one else's country. ("you can shoot people here" says a soldier ); the tough but human black guy companion, the soldier with a premonition of death, the gruff, possibly crazy commanding officer, the college-educated fool who tries to befriend the enemy. you name it, bigelow resurrects it.the man-boy love is palpable in scenes with the cute arab boy who befriends the war lover, but bigelow plays it straight; she doesn't consummate the sex, just sanitizes it. what bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly, sneering face of the arab enemy. any iraqi who isn't pure evil is either demented, hostile or up to no good, anyway. they all deserve to die for their impudence, and many of them do in this glib gore-fest film. the iraqi women are all hysterical, they only make their presence known by screaming. they could be male stunt men in drag for all i know, you never see their faces. there is no female presence at all on base or in battle, although female casualty rates in iraq would certainly disprove this.bigelow goes through all the motions one by one. she glorifies war, she canonizes the sadist nut-case hero. the cowboys, surrounded by the subhuman indians, prove their mettle by doing god's work and subduing the wretched terrorist-infested hellhole with sheer bravado and suicidal mania. toward the end, i felt like rooting for the indians. in bigelow's world, though, no mercy or understanding ever makes it through. the iraqis are dehumanized par excellence. the slaughter of civilians is just the dramatic backdrop to our hero's psycho sexual struggle. every u.s, bullet finds its mark. you have to love the guy, the war lover. it's just his way, he is the true hero. he's just a guy trying to get things done the hard way, and so what if he lusts for boy tang on the side.

i really wanted to like this movie, but ended up bored and incredulous. the first shot is a camera feed from a robot traveling towards a bomb and is, naturally, shaky. but then the rest of the movie stays in shakycam mode, even during quiet conversational moments, to the point of ridiculousness. have the rental houses run out of tripods and steadicams? the fact that it was shot on 16mm doesn't help, as the entire movie is grainy as well as shaky. for all the effort bigelow put into accurate vehicles and equipment, there are enough glaring errors and inconsistencies that they undermine the movie's credibility. - a car would not erupt in flames after a single shot, and once engulfed would not be extinguished by a small hand-held extinguisher. - a single humvee would not be driving around baghdad in 2004, but would be backed up by other vehicles in case of breakdown or attack. - it would be exceptionally unlikely to be able to hit a running insurgent at long range, where the bullet is clearly taking over a second to reach the target. - i believe bombs were brought to designated disposal areas on or near a base, not some random spot in the middle of the desert. - the oil tanker attack is stated to have occurred in the green zone, a highly secure area that experienced very few attacks from within. the zone is mostly offices and palaces with few residences, yet it is portrayed as a dangerous warren of dark alleys and lurking insurgents. oddly, james never gets in trouble for the ridiculous tactic of ordering his two companions to each take an alley by themselves, thus setting up the attempted kidnapping. - speaking of which, the 3-man team is always depicted clearing buildings, chasing insurgents etc. on their own, even when there are clearly dozens of soldiers right there. - how many hours does the team have to stare at a dead insurgent hanging out a window to figure out he's not faking it?there were no establishing shots to show the viewer what the size and layout of the base was or where baghdad was in relation. i had no idea who the eod team reported to, nor were any other characters fleshed out. these are things the characters would know, so we should too.many of the "surprises" and scenes are perfectly predictable. yes, it's obvious that the psychiatrist colonel will get into trouble with the iraqis he's trying to move along, that the choice of cereals back home will be overwhelming, and that a driver you kidnapped will not wait for you when you leave the vehicle.finally, there was an almost complete lack of character development. renner's character from the beginning has a troubled relationship at home, is reckless and addicted to adrenalin. he's exactly the same at the end of the movie. what's the point?if this is indeed the best so far of the iraqi war movies, it's a sorry bunch. just based on the half hour i saw of it, i'd recommend generation kill on hbo instead.

this movie begins with an ordinary funeral... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching, and started skipping scenes. it seems to me whomever made this movie is afflicted to the extent of becoming trapped in a permanent morbid trance, unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction. well, i ain't one of the dark kids from southpark, i want a movie that within 10 minutes gets me well into an interesting story, i won't sit and watch 10 minutes of nothing but preparations for a funeral.. my grandma on her last years was fascinated by funerals, perhaps she might have enjoyed this "movie".

a lot of horror fans seem to love scarecrows, so i won't be very popular in saying that i found it to be rather boring. the idea behind it was interesting, but it seems to drag so much. i think the main problem is that it is all set in darkness. sometimes horror films set in darkness can work (such as humongous), but scarecrows is in darkness for the whole film. a lot of the time it's hard to figure out what's actually happening, and although some shots of the scarecrows were creepy, most were hard to even see. if a little more lighting had been used, perhaps it could've been better.there's not many films involving killer scarecrows to my knowledge, apart from dark night of the scarecrow, which is much better. i would recommend that over scarecrows any day.

demer daves,is a wonderful director when it comes to westerns and "broken arrow" remains in everybody's mind.as far as melodrama is concerned,he should leave that to knowing people like vincente minelli,george cukor or the fabulous douglas sirk. the screenplay is so predictable that you will not be surprised once while you are watching such a tepid weepie.natalie wood 's character was inspired by fannie hurst's "imitation of life" (see stahl and sirk),but who could believe she's a black man's daughter anyway?susan kohner was more credible in "imitation of life")and sinatra and curtis are given so stereotyped parts that they cannot do anything with them:the poor officer,and the wealthy good-looking -and mean- sergeant.guess whom will natalie fall in love with?france is shown as a land of tolerance ,where interracial unions are warmly welcome.at the time(circa 1944) it was dubious,it still is for narrow-minded people you can find here there and everywhere.

1914 was an amazing year for charlie chaplin. it was his first year in films and he appeared in more than 30 films! while most of these films weren't particularly good, they did give him a chance to slowly evolve his screen persona. however, by this film, the familiar "little tramp" character was still in development. sure charlie looked the part, but his character still lacked the sweetness and decency that he later developed. instead, chaplin often hit, kicked or did other nasty things to people for seemingly no reason at all.as for this very slight film, it is interesting to watch for the cast. while they are not familiar today, chaplin stars along with mabel normand, chester conklin and mack swain--all exceptionally popular stars with keystone films. the problem with this film is that while it has a few nice scenes, the plot seems very vague and improperly developed. chester and mabel got to the race track (a very common theme in keystone productions--it must have been located near a race track). charlie and mack show up and sneak in. mack is chased by the police for doing this while charlie slaps chester around and steals his girl. in the end, for no apparent reason, the cops take chester and mack away--leaving charlie with mabel (who, oddly, didn't seem put off by charlie's boorish behaviors).unless you are a huge silent comedy buff or film historian, this is a very forgettable film that is only important in the evolution of chaplin. what he and the other actors actually do on stage, while not unusual for a keystone film, isn't particularly funny when seen today.

after chaplin made one of his best films: dough & dynamite, he made one of his worst: gentlemen of nerve. during this first year in films, chaplin made about a third of all his films. many of them were experimental in terms of ad-libbing, editing, gags, location shooting, etc. this one takes place at a racetrack where chaplin and his friend try to get in without paying. mabel normand is there with her friend also, and chaplin manages to rid himself of both his and mabel's friends. he then woos mabel in the grandstand with no apparent repercussions from his behavior. lots of slapstick in here, but there is very little else to recommend this film for other then watching chaplin develop. the print i saw was badly deteriorated, which may have affected its enjoyment. charley chase can be glimpsed. * of 4 stars.

even if 99,99% of people that has seen this movie is brazilian, i'll keep up with the english since it is the language of this website.this movie is a piece of cr*p. worst acting i have seen for a loooong time. the kids are terrible. specially the boy. this was the first time i saw someone with less facial expression than arnold schwarzenegger, and one single voice tone, like a 5 years-old kid reading in front of the class. how can someone so bad be the main actor of a movie ? the storyline is so shallow my daughter could have done better (she is 3 yrs old). it is so simple it could be written in a napkin and told in 3 minutes.there are only three possibilities for someone enjoy this movie: 1) you are a pre-teen; 2) you have been so brainwashed by globo's stupidities that you think that anything that has the globo's seal is awesome; 3) you have a serious brain damage.avoid at all costs ! a shame to the brazilian movie scene.

the orange tone to everything was just yucky. oh yeah, the main character lives in a ghetto that is all orange-tinted with orange-tinted people. meanwhile, to mentally escape from this crushing poverty of the body, she plays a full-immersion video game (which sucks in that no rules are clear and no logic follows the gameplay). she apparently earns an income playing the game but she is revealed to not be an employee of the game company?. lots of non-speaking pauses later the story drags on slowly. she uses a glitchy orange computer interface with an operating interface that is so visually annoying and i can only suspect a microsoft future release.meanwhile, i the viewer, ask basically why she is wasting her precious time in some moronic game when she barely has the necessities of life? oh yeah, playing games is fun, but what is the point when you're almost starving? while she is piddling her life away playing some lousy even-more-orange-tinted lame full-immersion video game her dog runs off (probably looking for an owner who pays at least a moment of attention to it and feeds it regularly) or is stolen from the woman (while she is ignoring her lousy orange-tinted reality).meanwhile she obsesses over some game her game-playing team lost the entire uninteresting movie. yawn. so she wants to be the best of the best, go get them ash catchem (got to bore us all). golly, this main character sucks as a human being as well and has no redeeming qualities aside from her physical beauty (which she could barter for some manner to escape her crushing poverty).so she reaches the "real" level and it, at least, not sucks horribly and she is sent to kill a former comatose teammate mentally living in the "real" level. finally the sucky boring bland orange-tinted movie is no longer a tedious chore to watch, but has the potential to say something along the lines "the main character is trapped in imaginary computer-generated poverty and she is actually in the real world now". perhaps she will do the murder deed and live in the real world now? well, she kills the guy and he vanishes in a digital effect. wow! thanks idiotic director. you suck, you suck so very much, director.here the director had an iota of a chance to redeem himself slightly by burying this lousy lame moronic cruddy movie with a philosophical twist.the director could have said, "the real world is there and if you live in it and contribute to it to make it better, it won't be some cruddy orange-tinted poverty land." a clever way to make this suck-tacular movie a agonizingly slow lesson on basic civic pride (for the 1% of the viewers that haven't found something actually entertaining to watch at this point or are movie-masochists).nope, director. the director had to screw this all up by tossing in some cruddy digital effect and ruin all chances of redemption for this awfully lousy movie which was a waste of money, a waste of time, and a waste of viewer trust.after that, it ends. good riddance. i hope the director chokes on it. i'm putting this hack on my "avoid at all costs" list for any other films his name is attached to.

i must say, when i read the storyline on the back of the case, it sounded really interesting, but when i started to watch the movie seemed boring at first and even more at the end. some scenes are way too long and the story has not been worked out properly.

contains spoilers the movie plot can be summarized in a few sentences: three guys go hunting in the forest. two of them along other people get shot in the head without explanation. the last guy can stand in the clear, shout and do anything without getting shot. he gets to walk through an old factory and has the evil people walk right into his scope without a struggle. the villains are conveniently dressed in black and look like villains.that is the whole story, not summarized but in detail. everything is drawn out with a guy standing ringing a door bell. we wait with him. long shot of guys being bored in the woods and sleeping. we can take a nap with them. the one drawn out shot of following a female jogger could have been redeeming, if we could see her butt or boobs bouncing.there dialog is less then terminator and it is not because there is so much action. the characters just don't talk. and, then they don't even have something corny to say like 'i'll be back.' if my buddy shot this on the weekend, i'd cheer for him, because it is quite a feat to figure out the camera controls. to pay money to rent this as a dvd is totally inappropriate.the one thing that is a little funny is the extra with the director telling, how they local police didn't realize that they were shooting and treated them like a random guy walking around with a gun. if they'd have filmed that, i'd be sure it would be more fun to watch then the movie.

i have seen poor movies in my time, but this really takes the biscuit! why oh why has this film been made? there just is nothing here whatsoever. please put your trust in me, flick the off switch and destroy your copy of this film. there is a plot... that could take about 5 minutes to show on camera. this is the key problem, the story 'based on a true story' (mmm... whatever) just in no way lends itself to be padded out for 80 minutes. and so we therefore have to sit through over an hour of watching people walk around. that is it! in the whole first half an hour absolutely nothing happens, apart from watching someone walk to a shop... and then 3 guys walking through a wood. this time could perhaps have been spent on developing character... but no. and so there is absolutely no connection to the people on screen, and so when they start to get shot, we couldn't care less! in fact i was in the end vouching for the baddie so that the film would end! on top of this the camera work is truly horrific! this director/editor/writer/producer, ti west is rubbish. i hate to hit a guy, but really, his work is pants! these dull close ups continuously, and then long single takes following people as they walk - i'm sure he thinks he's clever, but the results are so dull i just wanted to stop the film and slit my wrists! how this man has been brought on to direct the next cabin fever movie is beyond me! to finish, the acting is also woeful,... which goes for the film as a whole. preserve your sanity, stick clear of this heap of total excrement!

"trigger man" is definitely the most boring and silliest movie i've ever seen in my life. my aunt's holiday videos are more fascinating.the actors seem to be recruited at uglypeople.com. they do not have any talent to act in a convincing manner.they walk and walk and walk through the forest. there's more walking-around than in all three parts of "the lord of the rings" together. after the first hour, i began to read a porsche brochure while watching "trigger man" along the way. awful.a total waste of time and money. i'd give that movie 0 stars out of 10, since this is not possible, i have to give 1 star.

minimal script, minimal character development, minimal steady camera. maximum stretched scenes, maximum headache inducing jerky zooms, maximum characters walking around in the woods doing nothing. up until the time flashes on the screen of 12:01pm, you can fast forward and miss nothing, since there are three hunters who we know nothing about doing nothing. to be fair, the movie does have some string music that was interesting, so perhaps a music video would have been the way to go with this. unfortunately that was not to be, and what should have been a twenty minute short is stretched beyond belief. forget about "trigger man", i know i am trying to. - merk

adapting plays into cinema is often a bad idea because they're two different mediums . do you think it's a great idea to make zulu into a stage play ? imagine it where two valiant redcoats sit in a tent gasping " blimey there's thousands of them out there " great movie and a bad stage play in order for a stage play to make great cinema there's two essentials needed 1) a fine cast that creates on screen chemistry 2 ) great dialogue on paper cher and chazz palminterri would be a good casting choice but not in these roles . the story revolves around a hit-man played by palminterri breaking into a house to kill a wife played by cher with most of the action taking place inside the house . i was unable to take these two characters seriously though perhaps it was the fault of the script which can't decide whether it was trying to be serious or funny . since the story is very static it's of the utmost importance that the dialogue shines and once again because of the bizarre tone of the screenplay it embarrasses more than anything else with much of the conversation revolving around sex acts . if you want to see a great translation of a stage play transferred to the silver screen give faithful a miss and watch 12 angry men instead

anemic comedy-drama, an unhappy, seemingly rushed affair featuring cher as a woebegone housewife who slowly makes friends with the hit-man who's been hired to kill her by her husband. chazz palminteri, as the talkative hired gun, adapted the screenplay from his own play, with stagy set-ups and back-and-forth dialogue that quickly tires the eye and ear. an air of gloom hangs over the entire project, and director paul mazursky can't get cher out of her perpetual funk (she's listless). despite all the top talent (including robert de niro as one of the producers), "faithful" is fraudulent, with no substance to the story and characters who rarely come to life. *1/2 from ****

one wonders why this picture was made at all : the plot as such is totally unbelievable if not ridiculous, the characters (experienced loner cop versus younger one, quite fascinated) quite predictable, the ending totally murky and impossible to understand (maybe after several viewings but you'd have to have a masochistic tendency for that ; the idea being you have to read the book to understand fully what it's all about)and the acting is bad. was the basic idea to show that french film makers are able to do as well as americans in the genre that include "seven" and "silence of the lambs" ? if so, it is a total failure. it was quite a success though (and has a sort of cult-status as the first french serial killer film)and, it seems, considered as a good product to export. strange.

this is a classic example of an increasing problem with films. why is the background noise and the soundtrack dramatically louder than the dialogue? what sense does that make? this film isn't alone. most films seem to do this now. for 2 years, i wondered if it was just something wrong with my tv, but then i got a new tv & there it is again. background noise that could be taking place a city block behind the actors drowns out the dialogue.it was even more distracting in this film because, in the english version anyway, the woman mumbles constantly. i kept hoping jean reno would say "excuse me, would you speak up or get the marbles out of your mouth." if you watch it on dvd & you have even high-school french, i recommend the french version with subtitles.i give it 4 because reno was so good in leon. people rave about the scenery, but i saw it on a tv & i lived in the rockies for a few years, so "enh".

the crimson rivers is one of the most over-directed, over-the-top, over-everything mess i've ever seen come out of france. there's nothing worse than a french production trying to out-do films made in hollywood and cr is a perfect example of such a wannabe horror/action/buddy flick. i almost stopped it halfway through because i knew it wouldn't amount to anything but french guys trying to show-off.the film starts off promisingly, like some sort of expansive horror film, but it quickly shifts genres, from horror to action to x-files type to buddy flick, that in the end, cr is all of it and also none of it. it's so full of clichés that at one point i thought the whole thing was a comedy. the painful dialogue and those silent pauses, with fades outs and fades ins just at the right expositionary moments, made me groan. i thought only films made in hollywood used this hackneyed technique.the chase scene, with vincent cassel running after the killer, is so over-directed and over-done that it's almost a thing of beauty. the climax on top of the mountain, with the stupid revelation about the killer(s) with cassel and reno playing "buddies" like nolte and murphy in 48 hrs, completely derailed what little credibility the film had by then.it's difficult to believe that the director of the crimson rivers also directed gothika, which though had its share of problems, doesn't even come close to the awfulness of this overbaked, confused film.

wow, what a waste of acting talent. my husband and i sat there, both thinking, this has to get better, these actresses are too good to have wasted their time on this crap. unattractive characters, hackneyed script, and listless pacing make for a long two hours. i actually couldn't hack it and left to do the grocery shopping (cat litter being more appealing than this film). the husband stayed and confirmed that it didn't get better--by the time buddy is killed, you were wishing they all would get hit by a car and end their miserable lives. it would be infinitely more entertaining. beautiful scenery and costumes can't keep this one alive.

around the late 1970's, animator don bluth, frustrated with the output his company, disney was churning, defected from the mouse house to form his own studio. his first production, the secret of nimh, was a brilliant feature that still holds up well to this day. this was followed by an american tail and the land before time, both of which were made under the involvement of steven spielberg and were commercially successful. although none of those two films had the dark adult appeal of nimh, they still are very charming, enjoyable features for both children and grown-ups. but before long, don bluth had his first major misfire with all dogs go to heaven; critics were especially harsh on this film, and matters weren't helped by the fact that it opened alongside disney's the little mermaid.considering that the movie has such a friendly-sounding title, one would expect all dogs go to heaven to be pleasant family fare. instead bluth provides a surprisingly dark story involving gambling, deceit, crime, mistreatment, and murder. that itself is not a problem for an animated feature per say, but it does call into question over whether the film is for children. on the other hand, it's hard to say whether adults will find much to enjoy in all dogs go to heaven. in short, it's a movie with a major identity crisis.set in a dreary junkyard of new orleans, the movie starts out when charlie b. barkin, a rough-and-tumble german shepherd, is run over by a car courtesy of his former gambling casino partner, a nasty, cigar-puffing pitbull, carface. before you know it, charlie finds himself in heaven, albeit by default. here a whippet angel, annabelle, tells him that "all dogs go to heaven because unlike people, dogs are usually loyal and kind." this line represents the confused nature of the movie, since the dogs in the movie, the whippet aside, are presented as anything but.upon realizing that he's been murdered, charlie steals his way back to earth and plots to get even with carface. with the reluctant help of his dachshund pal itchy, charlie "rescues" carface's prize, annemarie, a human girl who can talk to animals (in order to predict who will win the rat races). charlie claims that he will help the little cutie find her a family, but in reality he is using her skills to win fortunes at the race so that he can build a more elaborate casino of his own to bring carface down. although he refuses to admit it, charlie does grow to love annemarie...the concept of the story isn't as problematic as the execution. aside from the human girl annemarie and a flamboyant musical alligator who appears about three-quarters through (with the vocal pipes of ken page), none of the other characters emerge as likable, nor frankly, are even worth caring about. unfortunately, that also applies to charlie; in trying to make him an anti-hero, the script (composed by more than ten writers) only succeeds in rendering the character too unlovable. as such, the audience feels no empathy for charlie, and worse, his redemption at the end of the movie does not come across as convincing. (further damaging to the character is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance from burt reynolds.) besides the lack of an endearing lead, the movie's other problem is in the structure of the story. the slowly-paced plot jumps all over the place and makes a habit of throwing in extra scenes which serve no purpose but to pad out the movie's running time. the aforementioned musical alligator (who resides in a danky sewer infested with native rats) seems to have been thrown in from nowhere, as does a scene where charlie tries to show his generosity to annemarie by feeding a pack of pastel-colored pups pizza. the whole screenplay feels like a rough first draft; a bit more polish could have made this a tighter, impactful story.matters are not helped by the lackluster musical numbers by charlie strouse and t.j. kuenster (annemarie's song and the gator's ballad are the only good ones; the latter in particular benefits from ken page's mellifluous vocal) or the uneven voice cast. as mentioned, burt reynolds' stiff and lifeless charlie detracts from his already unlikeable character even further (the only exception is a fiery confession to itchy about his true intentions toward the end). dom deluise as itchy is pretty good, but he's had better roles, notably tiger in an american tail and jeremy in the secret of nimh. ken page, as mentioned, is awesome in anything he does, but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is unremarkable at best. similarly wasted are loni anderson (as a collie who once sired a litter with charlie), melba moore, and charles nelson reilly. judith barsi as annemarie is probably the only voice that comes across as truly memorable, partially because her character is the sole legitimately likable one in this depressing and joyless show.barsi aside, the only real positive about all dogs go to heaven is the animation. technically, this film has some of the most imaginative visuals from bluth's team (by 1980's standards, that is), particularly a frightening scene where charlie has a nightmare about ending up in a fiery underworld ruled by a gargantuan satanic canine-demon. if anything, the movie is more of a triumph of animation than storytelling.on the whole, however, i cannot recommend all dogs go to heaven as good entertainment. even though i recognize that the movie has its fans and the climax does admittingly provide some energy and a moving conclusion, the overall package is not in the same league as bluth's better efforts. animation buffs will marvel at the lush artistry, but by the time it's over, all dogs go to heaven could very well leave a bad taste in your mouth.

all for love ( as it titled when it was broadcast at the weekend ) is a romantic period drama featuring captain saint ives a french officer in napoleon`s army who is captured by the british and imprisoned in scotland where he meets and falls in love with a young maiden who visits the prison . there`s also a storyline involving a murder .i will be honest and confess that i wasn`t too taken by the movie since i`m not much of a fan of period dramas and the screenplay feels somewhat episodic but i will say that this is well acted by everyone involved and it`s got a good cast that features miranda richardson , anna friel , richard e grant , michael gough and jason isaacs . the costume design as you can expect is also excellent i`ll be very surprised if this movie doesn`t get any complaints after being broadcast on bbc2 at teatime . captain saint ives lies in bed with a prostitute where a nipple is fully exposed and there`s a scene of french prisoners bathing that includes full frontal male nudity not to mention a murder scene where blood is clearly seen . you really do have to worry if bbc schedulers have any type of clue as to what they`re doing

i found this film to be quite an oddity. from the very get go i found it extremely hard to like this movie, and now after a little thinking about it i can pretty much pinpoint the reason why. jean-marc barr, although i love him to bits (i think zentropa is one of the best movies ever made) is quite miscast here, and although i can't figure for the life of me who would be better, i am sure someone could have taken his place quite easily and make this film work. everything else is fine, except for the stabs at weak comedy (a meet the parents joke is not really needed, filmmakers!) and i really like richard e. grant as the british major. it just suffers from one thing.. jean-marc.

first of all there is gujarati theatre then there is bollywood. both have their strengths and fan following. director vipul shah should look elsewhere instead of gujarati theatre when making a bollywood production. first he made aankhen (adapted from a gujarati play) - which had a unique plot, but could not hold as a hindi film. now he's adapted another gujarati play and named it waqt - a race against time. in sum, the emotions are alien. the plot development is not for hindi films. for example, the role play between father and son is best left to gujarati theatre - don't bring it in a hindi film. even the comedy track is best left for the gujarati stage. all performances are average - nothing to shout about - barring shefali chhaya shah who is fantastic.

well well one cant b wasting time just cause of a big star-cast ..i think all i could see is a bunch of talents wasting their time on a big screen with some pathetic humor which will appeal to i do not know who? some pathetic songs that will be heard by who? some pathetically abrupt turnings justified by who? race against time? u mean waste against time? ok so first you spoil your kid,then you teach him a lesson wow we are so ignorant of this fact whoever said its a brilliant new concept probably is some other species other than human alright fine let me come comment like humans do movie has a nice message to be given but it could well have been given by a stranger sitting besides you in the bus rather than you going for such a wasteful movie to learn it hindi movies have proved it a lot already and also i cant waste my time writing about waste anyway!

pros: akshay kumar's performance(is it just me or does this guy always manages to trump ab in their movies together?). some touching scenes in the 2nd half.cons: the whole 1st hour(the jokes were flat to say the least). every scene involving rajpal yadav. major stupidity in ab's decision making. let me get this straight, he believes brutally insulting his son's soul in every possible way(that will likely ruin their relationship beyond repair) is a better way for him to make akshay finally take some responsibility then actually telling him the truth?? wtf? he considers akshaye is too soft to bear the fact that his old father is soon gonna die due to cancer, but thinks insulting him will make him stronger? am i the only one who doesn't see the logic here? easily the movie's biggest flaw.- akshay becoming a stunt man. lmao!! we're told he finished 1st in college every year and has a degree in mba. but when the time arrives to support himself, and his pregnant wife, he becomes a stunt man. lol!! how abt actually applying for a normal job in ur field? or heck, anywhere else where ur life isn't in danger? this is some incredibly dumb writing.- the ending. i hate this sort of melodramatic crap. everything is pushed down our throats to feel sorry for ab's character, which i couldn't. the entire thing reminded me a little too much of srk in khnh(which i hate). this "please feel sorry for the guy with the illness" crap has run its course. i felt more like puking than sympathy for the old man. couldn't watch the final 20 or so minutes because of it and thus had to fast fwd. the whole thing.bottomline: waqt is just too dumb to be called a good movie. its obvious director vipul shah targeted this at the emotionally fragile chicas and oldies who could care less about a story that actually makes sense. give 'em some decent song picturizations, fancy outfits, plenty of glycerin-filled scenes and some star power and they'll happily lap-up crap like this.

it was 1974 and it starred martin sheen.that alone says what to expect of this movie.and it was a movie. according to the movie, slovik had reformed, got a good woman, and didn't want to fight.in real life, slovik may have been a naive innocent, or he may have just wanted to manipulate the system.whoever slovik was or wasn't is for history to decide, but this was a movie that dealt with dessertion at a time when a country was questioning why it was fighting, and the movie took sides.with no regard to servicemen who were in viet nam either in 1974 (as willie nelson would say, let's tell the truth, it was about the viet nam war, not wwii), eoes was as propagandistic as gung ho was in the forties.according to this movie, slovik stated his position, plain and simple. he had a nervous problem. heck, i have a clinical nervous condition, and trust me, if i had done military duty, it would have been no problem for me to either just let my nerves go and fail at my tasks and get a demotion or put on kp duty or latrine duty with no problem.if we believe the teleflick, slovik didn't have that option, no doubt because of his criminal history.whatever the viewer wants to believe is up to the viewer. i've learned that movies from this decade or that decade, in dealing with service or military duty, will pretty much take the same stance over and over.1940s and 1950s, serve your country.1960s and 1970s, mock your country.this is the history.the whole movie seemed predictably hollywood to me. he refused to serve and only when he was being strapped up to be executed does he show emotion.such an emotional outburst could have easily worked to his advantage in his declaration of his nervous condition, but obviously the movie wanted to show him as a human being and only when he is about to die does he become sorrowful.i'm not a catholic, but i thought the recital of the hail mary by ned beatty and sheen at the end, with the lord's prayer, was funny as it sounded like they were trying to see who could say it faster.i don't see how this movie could be watched without realizing it was aimed at tricky dick nixon and the viet nam war.i hope it was all worth it for slovik and anyone who chose to follow his example.

ooof! this one was a stinker. it does not fall 'somewhere in between star wars and thriller', thats for sure. in all actuality, it falls somewhere between the cracks of a wham! video and captain eo, only with not as big of a budget, and a lot more close ups of ugly teenagers crying. simon le bon preens front and center, while the rest of the band gamely tries to hide the fact that they stole their whole career from roxy music's last 3 albums. brief clips from barbarella add nothing. avoid at all costs. (however, i liked the part when they played 'hungry like the wolf' but why was there a tiger lurking in the audience changing into a woman painted with tiger stripes? i mean, they aren't singing 'eye of the tiger' or 'hungry like the tiger' it's a wolf! whatever.) a dvd of duran duran's '80s videos is probably worth a look for nostalgia's sake

for loyal duran duran fans who want to watch a good music video, skip this one. the producers decided to get creative and make this 80's video something of a sci-fi story, involving the evil barbarella villain from which the band got its name. what makes this idea fail is that right in the middle of some great 80's duran duran songs, confusing and annoying cut scenes take place showing the fictional antagonist trying to stop the band at one of their concerts. not only is the good music repeatedly interrupted, but we have to suffer through some cheap spin-off story hosted by an evil dr. mario. it's almost too much to bear. 2/10

only the most ardent doris day fan could find this one even bearable to watch. when one thinks of the wealth of material available for a story about new york city's most famous blackout, a film that could have dealt with numerous real-life stories of what people had to cope with, this scrapes the bottom of the barrel for lack of story-telling originality.once again doris is indignant because she suspects she may have been compromised on the night of the blackout when she returned to her connecticut lodgings, took a sleeping potion and woke up in the morning with a man who had done the same, wandering into the house by mistake.nobody is able to salvage this mess--not doris, not robert morse, terry-thomas, patrick o'neal or lola albright. as directed by hy averback, it's the weakest vehicle day found herself in, committed to do the film because of her husband's machinations and unable to get out of it. too bad.

doris day never lets a bad script get her down. even in the most trying of circumstances, day gives 100% and usually comes out unscathed. this comedy, perhaps inspired by a real-life new york city black-out in 1965 but actually adapted from a late-'50s french play by claude magnier, gives doris little to do but spoof her own goody-goody image and, in the second-half, be comically sedated (which is amusing because of the spin day gives to the situation). there are some funny lines here, yet the staginess of the material has obviously been carried over from the play...and instead of conjuring up some amusing incidents within the big apple, we get stuck in the suburbs. doris' co-stars (patrick o'neal, robert morse, and terry-thomas) are not well-suited to her, and neither is the shapeless hairdo they've got her wearing. still, it's not terrible, it features a few big laughs, and for day-buffs it's a must-see. ** from ****

the idea is to have something interesting happening in the first ten minutes to keep the audience hooked. late night shopping manages to avoid interest for much longer than that. when we do get to a point, it is so monumentally moronic that i kept thinking i must have misunderstood it. but i didn't.sean tells the story of an osaka landlord who rented the same apartment to two people at the same time who worked different shifts and so didn't realise they were sharing. his friend asks "but what about the weekends?" sean doesn't have an adequate explanation. sean then tells the story of his own similar problem, which is that he isn't sure his girlfriend is still living at home as he works during the night and she works during the day so they never see each other. this has been going on for three weeks. but his friend doesn't ask: "yes, but as i said before, what about the weekends? you must see her then. it doesn't make sense. what are you going on about, sean? are you on medication or something?" but let's be generous and assume that they both work seven days a week.we see sean checking to see if the soap and towels have been used. (in fact, bizarrely, he starts to carry the soap around with him.) but what about his girlfriend's conditioner and shampoo, sanpro and moisturiser, toothpaste and toothbrush. let's go to the kitchen. what about food and drink? is any missing? has any been bought? in the bedroom, has the shared bed been made or not? are her clothes being used and exchanged for clean ones? is the laundry basket fuller? in the toilet, is the seat up or down? i mean, good grief!and to cap it all paul arranges to leave work early to see if his girlfriend is still living at home. why doesn't he just phone her?but it gets worse. in the last act although no-one told vincent where the rest of the group are going he manages to find them. lenny's love interest and sean's girlfriend conveniently appear to be best friends and also manage to find the group. there isn't even the slightest attempt to explain any of these extraordinarily unlikely coincidences.to be fair the dialogue is ok but not nearly good enough to make up for the weak characters or annoyingly lame story.i heard one of actors interviewed and he promised "no guns, no drugs, no corsets." i thought, "great". but after half-an-hour of tedium i was yelling at the screen: "i want guns! i want drugs! i want corsets!"it wouldn't have taken much to sort these problems out but on the official website the director boasts that the film wasn't script-edited. that's all you need to know.

this is just usual indian garbage that gets turned out as cinema, as indians we can proudly boast that we have the biggest cinema industry, however it also the worst.how can other poor countries have films with real characters that challenge the views of their respective societies and we just keep on pumping out garbage. take a look at russia, iran, china and latin america, look at the brilliant films they have and we get crap like kisna!!get real people, no wonder the international community in general laughs at indian cinema.

those 2 points are dedicated the reasonable performance from akshay kumar. i know bollywood films do not really strive to be realistic but please a walt disney production is more realistic than this plot. the father is dying and does what any good parent does...kick his son out the son with his pregnant wife. a few things that were too hard to swallow- 1. priyanka 'cool indoor swimming pool in the bedroom' and to go from that to living hungry in her in-laws garden shed???????? 2. akshay suddenly got the job as a stunt man, gets bitten by rabified dogs, to then just walk off. this film is an insult to our intelligence i really cant believe i contributed financially to the 'people' who made this film by taking my family to see it, we left the cinema with a frown, please do not subject yourself to this mess to watching this take my advice and do not waste your 'waqt'.

this movie's full title is "waqt: race against time". that's a race no one can ever win, but you can certainly cut your losing margin by not wasting any of your precious "waqt" on this bakvaas. this movie was clumsy and manipulative in a way that made k3g look honest. it strained my credulity too far. it was ridiculously stupid in its storyline, and deserves to be mocked for it.it's not quite as awful as baghban or black, but this movie has nothing to recommend it. stupid, pointless, with a ridiculously ott performance by amitji. the central "plot" is another nasty example of the crudely manipulative propaganda that infests so many "family" bw films. if my father, who raised me, and who i love dearly, treated me like big b did akshay, i'd shoot him myself. to say nothing of the trivialising of terminal illness.

ever since the cinema-loving universe made acquaintance with a guy named george a. romero, the word "zombie" automatically gets associated with blood-soaked horror images and non-stop acting sequences. it's safe to say that his "night of the living dead" formed the zombie movie as we know it now. yet, in the earliest years of cinema, the premise of reanimated corpses was merely used in slow, nearly action-less psychological thrillers. jacques tourneur's "i walked with a zombie" is a perfect example and so is "white zombie", starring bela lugosi. this "revolt of the zombies" could have been another example but unfortunately it's a failure over the entire line and easily one of the most tedious movies i ever saw. dreadful acting, a very poorly written screenplay and a complete lack of atmosphere and tension! the film only lasts 65 minutes and yet the first half hour is entirely wasted on stupid love-story intrigues and unexciting monologues. the setting in the legendary cambodian city of angkor surely could have resulted in a more compelling story but all we ever see are interior shots. the lead actress (dorothy stone, textbook blonde with curly hair and an ugly nose) irritated me enormously and i kept hoping a ravenous undead would suddenly appear out of nowhere to devour her. unlucky again. if you manage to struggle yourself through 60 soporific minutes, you'll be rewarded with a fairly decent finale. still, this is far too little to give this film a positive rating, let alone a recommendation. avoid! this is the type of movie you should only see in case you already saw everything else.

well, first off, if you're checking out revolt of the zombies as some very early night of the living dead (1968)-type film, forget it. this is about "zombies" in a more psychological sense, where that term merely denotes someone who is not in control of their will, but who must instead follow the will of another. the "zombies" here, as little as they are in the film, are largely metaphors for subservience to the state or authority in general, as in wartime. it is quite a stretch to call this a horror film.the film is set during world war i. a "french cambodian" contingent had heard strange stories about zombification--supposedly angkor wat was built by utilizing zombies--and there are tales of zombie armies easily overcoming foes. armand louque (dean jagger) brings back a priest who supposedly knows the secret of zombification, but he won't talk. so louque and an international military contingent head to angkor wat on an archaeological expedition designed to discover the secret of zombification and destroy the information before zombies have a chance to "wipe out the white race".one of the odd things about revolt of the zombies is that it seems like maybe writer/director victor halperin decided to change his game plan while shooting the script. the film begins as if it will explore the zombie/military metaphor, and maybe even have adventure elements, but after about 15 minutes, it changes gears and becomes more of a love triangle story.halperin does stick with a subtext about will and power (and a nietzschean "will to power"). the film is interesting on that level, but the script and the editing are very choppy. this is yet another older film for which i wouldn't be surprised if there is missing footage, especially since some scenes even fade or cut while a character is uttering dialogue.amidst the contrived romance story, halperin tries to keep referring to the zombie thread, but little of the zombie material makes much sense. louque discovers the secret of zombification, but it doesn't mean much to the viewer. the mechanics of the zombie material are vague and confusinghalperin even resorts to using superimposed footage of bela lugosi's googly-eyes from his 1932 film, white zombie, but never explains what it has to do with anything. there are big gaps in the plot, including the love story. promising, interesting characters from early reels disappear for long periods of time. one potential villain is disposed of unceremoniously before he gets to do much.if you're a big fan of old, creaky b movies, revolt of the zombies may be worth watching at least once--the acting isn't all that bad, and if you've got a good imagination, you can piece together an interesting story in your mind to fill in all of the gaps. but this is the second time i've seen the film, with the first only being about five years ago, and i could barely recall anything about it--so it's not exactly memorable.

seriously, i absolutely love these old movies and their simplicity but i just watched this for the first time last night and it easily slotted itself into my bottom five of all time. was this supposed to be about the love story or the zombies??? this movie was so bad that after it mercifully ended all i could do is laugh at how ridiculously bad it really was. thankfully i'm too anal to turn a movie off without seeing the entire thing or i wouldn't be able to brag about watching this all the way through in one sitting! i like to think something positive can be said about anything in life so in keeping with that theory i will acknowledge this film's most positive asset, it was very short for a full length film.

while this film certainly does possess the stench of a bad film, it's surprisingly watchable on several levels. first, for old movie fans, it's interesting to see the leading role played by dean jagger (no relation to mick). while jagger later went on to a very respectable role as a supporting actor (even garnering the oscar in this category for 12 o'clock high), here his performance is truly unique since he actually has a full head of hair (i never saw him this way before) and because he was by far the worst actor in the film. this film just goes to show that if an actor cannot act in his earlier films doesn't mean he can't eventually learn to be a great actor. another good example of this phenomenon is paul newman, whose first movie (the silver chalice) is considered one of the worst films of the 1950s.a second reason to watch the film is the shear cheesiness of it all. the writing is bad, the acting is bad and the special effects are bad. for example, when jagger and an unnamed cambodian are wading through the water, it's obvious they are really just walking in place and the background is poorly projected behind them. plus, once they leave the water, their costumes are 100% dry!!! horrid continuity and mindlessly bad dialog abounds throughout the film--so much so that it's hard to imagine why they didn't ask bela lugosi or george zucco to star in the film--since both of them starred in many grade-z horror films. in many ways, this would be a perfect example for a film class on how not to make a film.so, while giving it a 3 is probably a bit over-generous, it's fun to laugh at and short so it's worth a look for bad film fans.

"revolt of the zombies" proves that having the same director revamp and recycle an idea doesn't necessarily make lightning strike twice.the halperin brothers, responsible for the horror classic "white zombie", made this trite piece of garbage a mere few years later to cash in on its popularity and even recycled close-ups of lugosi's eyes from that previous film. there was a court battle with the "white zombie" film's rights owners, who didn't want the halperins to be able to use the word 'zombie' in this title. that word was the only thing that could help this film, because, as everyone knows, bad films can make much more money simply by having the word 'zombie' appear in the title. knowing what victor halperin was capable of a few years before only makes this uninteresting film more insulting. it seems he never directed another horror film after this debacle. the zombies here seem not to be true walking dead, but simply hypnotism victims.wanna create a mind-controlled army of zombies? be ready to crack a few eggs, including your own.the lame plot: man falls in love with scheming woman who plays with his heart and becomes engaged to him only to make his friend, whom she loves, jealous. this sends man into a spiral of madness in which he tries using zombie mind-control techniques to change things to his advantage in an attempt to win over a woman who isn't worth spit.this includes one of the most blatantly obvious plot developments i've ever seen. you'd have to be blind or stupid not to see the ending coming. the acting isn't even good. this movie makes the racially insensitive "king of the zombies" (which appeared on the same double bill dvd i bought) seems like an atmospheric horror masterpiece by comparison and reminds us that not every black and white film is a classic. it makes the atomic age sci-fi alien zombie cheese fest "invisible invaders" seem like a serious drama. this is one big ball of cheese so ridiculously melodramatic it could probably make many a korean film fan twitch (south korean films are often known for their use of melodrama). the credits list the ironically named company favorite films. i'm not sure whose favorite film this would be, but they're obviously an idiot.not recommended for fans of: zombies, romance, or classic films.

this film is something like a sequel of "white zombie", since it is made by the same man (halperin) and features zombies. halperin, the george a. romero of his day, fails to deliver with this one, though.we have a man who can control the minds of people in cambodia, and a search to destroy the source of his power so the zombies can be sent free. also, a love interest for the evil man.where this film really excels is in the imagery. the cambodian temples and dancers are very nice and the zombie look very powerful in their large numbers. unfortunately, we don't really get to see much of the zombies in action and the love story seems to play a much too large role for a horror film (though this has a valid plot reason later on).i would have loved to see some 1930s zombies attack helpless city folk, but this film just did not deliver. and no strong villain (like bela lugosi) was waiting to do battle against our heroes. and the use of lugosi's eyes? a nice effect, but misleading as he is never in the film... why not recreate this with the new actor's eyes? overall, a film that could be a great one with a little script re-working and could someday be a powerful remake (especially if they keep it in the same post-war time frame). heck, if they can fix up "the hills have eyes" then this film has hope.

revolt of the zombies (2 outta 5 stars) no, this is not a long-lost ancestor to the classic george a. romero zombie flicks. this is a low-budget potboiler from 1936 that probably seemed very cool to audiences of the time... but seems awfully routine these days. there is actually a pretty good scene at the start of a soldier firing off his pistol into a horde of approaching zombie soldiers... and a close-up of bullets entering the bare chest of one of them. the effect looks hopelessly fake these days but in 1936 i'm sure it had audiences gasping. the story concerns the search for the secret of mind control... ostensibly to create an unstoppable zombie army... but later as a means for one character to win the woman he loves. the movie is barely an hour long but moves at a snail's pace so it seems feature-length, believe me! there really isn't much to recommend it... you may get some amusement from the faked studio shots of the star "wading" through a "swamp". the ending is interesting... so i'd say the movie is worth seeing at least once. more than likely you will see it as an extra feature on some cheap "4 movies on 1 dvd" compilation at wal-mart for five bucks. hey, it's well worth the money...

"i thought i'd be locked away in a padded cell and they'd throw away the key" (thus is a paraphrased snatch of dialogue from "state of mind".one wonders in what tangled forest paula milne and her co-writer found the magic mushrooms they must have eaten, to create this feeble "whodunnit" and bring such rubbish to our screens. a padded cell should indeed be left available.niamh cusack did her best, (as did the other actors) but surely her talent deserves a better vehicle than this. the height of absurdity has been reached, and this particular "state of mind" is best buried and forgotten, and certainly not just "placed in a box and locked away in a drawer".

utterly predictable silly show about a man who has killed his wife by mowing her down when driving and claimed he had blacked out. why was he still driving a car? why did he still feel able to drive a car having killed his wife with one? this question has not occurred to the writers. the story then witters on about a psychologist and her failing marriage which is tied into the failing marriage of wife-killing blackout driver. an omniscient mother and one dimensional child are thrown in for good measure, and the whole builds up to a predictable denouement and crashing finale. are police psychologists so easily taken in? deadful writing that the actors do their best with, but they are doomed to failure. this is on a par with a harlequin romance. don't waste your time watching this one unless that's what you are aiming for.

we purchased this series on dvd because of all of the glowing reviews we had seen here. i gave it three stars because there can be little doubt that sometimes the acting, directing and writing are brilliant. in fact they are so brilliant we did not see the propaganda that was being transmitted so smoothly on the series. if one watches it with discernment, one will see the entire litany of the radical right wing beliefs being promulgated by the fox (faux) news network. to avoid giving away any spoilers i will refrain from pointing out all of the dozens of specific instances. a brief look at the plots found here on imdb will disclose that everything from torture to gun control to the right of a network to provide "infomercials" and call them news is justified with cute plot twists and impassioned speeches given by some of the best actors in the world. we watched many shows and finally gave up in disgust when they justified torture using attorney general gonzales as a shining example of why all kinds of torture should be used in the name of protecting all of us. the series also manages to demean male and female gays in subtle ways by using them as plot devices depicting evil people. all in all the complete litany of the radical religious right wing.no doubt the popularity of this program will be used by future historians as proof that america lost its way in the early part of the this century. as a student of history myself i would characterize this program as being in a league with the propaganda produced by goebbels for hitler and some of the propaganda produced by hollywood for the american audience during wwii.so if you want to use this as a teaching tool to help your students understand how subtle propaganda can be then by all means do so. just be sure to purchase an inexpensive used copy so you can avoid enriching the ultra right wingers at faux network who produced this travesty.

boston legal has turned its tail and is headed for the barn door and th pig slop it has created! when this show first aired almost four season back it was a humorous slap at the legal system which all actors seem to take pride in portraying. it was funny, diversified, and to some extent factual. the characters portrayed were acceptable and to an extent real in their portrayals. the sexual comment and activity were limited and humorous. julie bowen is and was beautiful as in other series she participated but is now dragged to the lower depths of media programming of sex and violence. julie is an excellent actress and needs a more stable platform than this "production". rene adjurdubois is an excellent actor who has from the days of "benson" to this production held his own in the field of entertainment, always showing the humor and respectful acting of the production. captain kirk "is". funny and humorous is candace bergan and is to be admired for her continuing in this production and is a good actress. james spader, there is no doubt in his acting ability, however he should go back to his xxx origins such as "crash" as it appears he has much talent and inclination in that direction. we ask that this series be trashed as it already is and its really starting to smell!!!

i don't think this is too bad of a show under the right conditions. i tolerated the first season.unfortunately, this is a show about lawyers who aren't really lawyers. god forbid anybody actually go to law school based on these shows, which i had heard was the case when i watched some interviews of the show. it just made me gag a bit.that aside, spader and shatner, who are supposed to be the stars of the show, are the most annoying. while this might be a compliment in some situations, it's certainly not here. their constantly harassing the women on the show is funny at first. but since that's what they're doing literally all the time, i've realized that this is as deep as the show is going to get. trying to intersperse some serious, dramatic, and even tear-jerking moments in the middle of this mockery of a real show fails to compensate for the progressive loss of interest i've been experiencing trying to enjoy the show.alan shore's flamboyant and gratuitous "public service announcements" where he spouts off his opinions do not impress. denny crane is just annoying. i was embarrassed for him and for the writers of the show for crane's speech wearing a colonial outfit.i'm giving two stars because there are moments where i thought the show's attempts to deal with some contemporary issues were done with care.i think the show's writers became aware that the sexual harassment displayed by denny and alan was getting overbearing even to those who were more inviting of them from the start. the thing is, i don't care if the sexual harassment treatment in the show is done well, but i just felt that the writer was insulting me with artificially implanting sexual banters all over the show in the hopes that my libido will keep me coming back for more. i'm not a teenager anymore, and i think this show is promising if its goal wasn't to cater to the lowest common denominator to get ratings.of course, i'm writing this after i realized that it's really not gonna get much better than this. it's a shame because it's one of those shows i'd love to love.

william shatner in small doses is tolerable. unfortunately, instead of leaving his character as a minor irritation, and in that moderately amusing, it has been seen fit to enlarge his role and overdo it. just as occurred in the original star trek series. i guess i will never understand american humour, which frequently goes 'over the top' to get the message through. i vote with my feet. i no longer watch the show, which is a shame, because the rest of the cast were good. it is pity that shatner's overdone role also, affects james spader's performance. but the majority demonstrate the way society is going, i guess. i don't travel the same routes. frank

in my life i have seen many great and awful movies. i am not an expert in professional reviews, but i have definitely something to say about this one. firstly, these actors are the worst i have seen... their acting is so unreal that you even want to throw away the dvd in the first 2 minutes. i think that these actors were not interested in the quality. another awful thing is about these dialogs - they are so lame. you sometimes feel uncomfortable when you hear them. it seems that your 14 year old son could act better. i feel that this movie had a budget similar to the cost of my 14 year old european car...please, if my message reaches you - save your time and money.

this isn't a bad movie... but it's the type your girlfriend makes you watch. the story isn't bad .... it just makes the hour and a half seem so long. it's hard for me to trash this movie because i really do like the idea of it but it was just to long and thin on story... too bad. the main character never really seems to change all that much from beginning to end . i mean goes through something "life changing" and he can barely break a smile. i really thought mac was really good. his weird quirkiness kept the movie from being a complete disaster. maybe i just don't "get" this film. if anyone can explain it to me i'd love to be informed.

lets put it this way. i actually get this movie. i get what the writer/directer was trying to do. i understand that the dialog was meant to be dry and emotionless. i understand that the plot was supposed to be non-climactic and stale. that was what the writer/director was going for. a very very very dry humor/comedy. with all that understanding, i still think the movie sucked. it seemed like the writer/director was trying to recreate napolean dynamite with this movie. it had all of the same features. even the main character behaved similar to napolean. but napolean dynamite was actually funny. its script worked. this movie is not. it has no purpose. well, let me rephrase that. its only purpose is to rip off napolean dynamite and try to capture that look and feel. too bad it didn't work.

i never heard of this film til it played as part of a robert mitchum retrospective at the national film theatre in london. almost 60 years on the cast list looked tasty to say the least with seven names - in addition to top-billed mitchum - in the public domain; charles mcgraw, not long off the killers, barbara bel geddes, long before dallas and arguably still better known as the daughter of theatre set designer norman, walter brennan, who needed no introduction, frank faylen, the sadistic male nurse in the lost weekend and the much nicer small-town mensch in it's a wonderful life, robert preston still a decade away from harold hill in the music man with tom tully and phyllis thaxter making up the numbers. alas, most of them were wasting their time. i looked in vain for any 'signature' scenes given that it was robert wise on bullhorn. by this time he'd made around a half dozen films and had still to find a style. the story is our old friend the range war and mitchum must have thought it was barely a cut above the hopalong cassidy oaters on which he'd cut his teeth. there are no new twists - if you don't count the unbelievable scene when mitchum accuses preston of sleeping with thaxter to gain information about her father's plans to move his cattle. this is perfectly true but how did mitchum know? we've seen or heard nothing to indicate how he discovered it. on balance not a lot to be said for this.

the egyptian movies has a lot of filmes with high level of drama or romance or comedy or action even sports... "ziab la ta'kohl al lam" was banned in egypt because it content nudity (full frontal female nudity) and this kind of nudity is prohibited in the egyptian movies.. when i saw this movies i felt down... fool story.. nude actress.. bad action.. some horror & awful colors.. dear friend.. if you wanna see a great egyptian movie...simply: stay away form "ziab la ta'kohl al lam".. we have great movies in egypt... we have a great actors who won a global wins like: omar el sheriff or gameel rateb.. we have great directors like "yousef shahin" so believe me pall.. you don't need to see this movie..

ziab la ta'kol al lahem is an awful movie.this is only a superposition of scenes without a clear link.acting is also very bad, despite the presence of a good actor like ezzat el allayli. but something is really astonishing in this movie, talking about sexuality, emancipation of women, nude scenes are very rare in arab cinema,even in this days. i really congratulate the director and the actors for their courage. we want to see more of this style in egyptian movies, but with better quality. the reasons that led me to vote this film as an awful one are not only scenario and acting, but also the lack of prfessionalism. this movie look like an amateur one.we can see a lot of errors in the screen. if you want a good arab movie ziab la ta'kol al lahm is not the one recommended.but if you wish to encourage the uncensored movies in all the arab world watch it and make your friends and your family do the same.

i'm a great admirer of lon chaney, but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me. the story jumps around oddly (i've since learned that the film is missing a section), and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness. some of the intertitles are overly explanatory (e.g., "why, you're not a child anymore!"--cut back to picture for a long, slow beat--"you're a woman!" yes, we got it the first time) but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear. (let's hear luigi and his blond girlfriend's argument, please!) the plot, which involves incestuous desires (figuratively if not technically) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch. to the writer's credit, this issue was treated as a problem, and a may-december match is not portrayed as the right-and-good inevitability of some mary pickford films (e.g., "daddy-long-legs"). chaney gives a good performance, as usual, but i think he has been better-directed in the past--he overdid it a few times here, imho. i did enjoy the clown sequences, and was very impressed at the stunts. loretta young was charming, though astonishingly young. the film has its moments, but so far, it's my least-favorite chaney picture.

"laugh, clown laugh" released in 1928, stars the legendary lon chaney as a circus clown named tito. tito has raised a foundling (a young and beautiful loretta young) to adulthood and names her simonetta. tito has raised the girl in the circus life, and she has become an accomplished ballerina. while chaney gives his usual great performance, i could not get past the fact that tito, now well into middle age, has the hots for the young simonetta. although he is not her biological father, he has raised her like a daughter. that kind of "ick" factor permeates throughout the film. tito competes for simonetta's affections with a young and handsome 'count' luigi (nils asther). simonetta clearly falls for the young man, but feels guilt about abandoning tito (out of loyalty, not romantic love). the whole premise of the film is ridiculous, and i find it amazing that no one in the film tells tito what a stupid old fool he is being (until he reveals it himself at the end). the film is noteworthy only because of loretta young, who would go on to have a great career. while i adore chaney's brilliance as an actor, this whole film seems off to me and just downright creepy.

a disappointing end to a season that started so well ...exodus part 2 and other notable episodes were amongst the best seen on tv in any series, where as this was rather bad.well i am not sure if it was the episode that was a disappointment, but the cheesy guitar music at that accompanied the closing sequence was laughable and would have been more at home in the original series.its almost as if the corporate execs didn't like the low key down note ending and wanted to jazz it up. they failed and rather spoilt everything.lets hope this is not a trend for the future.still at least we saw the return of a certain person even if somewhat bizarrely and tritely done.

i am glad to read so many negative comments about the tritter plot. everyone i talk to says the same thing. they like house's gruff nature and his intelligence, but really dislike the vindictiveness of this continuing plot. it cuts into the real nature of the hospital story and makes everyone angry at police authority. it needs to have a more caring nature instead of the vindictiveness to everyone at the hospital. also, there seems to be many questionable legal aspects to what tritter is actually doing. he alone cannot freeze accounts and have the authority to stop doctors from writing prescriptions for patients. a lot of the vindictiveness he is showing also is hurting the very sick patients at the hospital and the is not a good storyline to portray. i voted the episode awful not because of the story itself, but when you insert the trittor piece it turns me off and the rest of the plot gets hurt by it, people say they hate to watch the story lines anymore. please change it. get tritter out.

the premise, while not quite ludicrous, was definitely ridiculous. what should have occurred, by the second encounter with tritter was that tritter should simply be wasted. house hires some guy and de-physicalizes tritter. in real life, tritter would have been hauled up for harassment, the rectal thermometer episode would have been exposed in court, providing motive and opportunity and the hospitals lawyers would have made mincemeat out of tritter and the particular department he worked for. he would be in prison as would anyone complicit in the harassment of house, chase, foreman, cameron, wilson and cuddy. the lawsuit would have won house a tasty settlement, enough to keep him supplied with vicadin well into his old age. while tritter would wind up somewhere driving a cab, trying to rehabilitate himself by doing good for people for two years before people tumbled to the fact that they'd seen it all before.

when i read most of the other comments, i felt they were way too glowing for this movie. i found it had completely lost the spark found in the earlier zatoichi movies and just goes to prove that after a long absence from the screen, it's often best to just let things be. i completely agreed with the star trek analogy from another reviewer who compared the first star trek movie to the original series---millions of excited fans were waiting and waiting and waiting for the return of the show and were forced to watch a bland and sterile approximation of the original.the plot is at times incomprehensible, it is terribly gory (though the recent new zatoichi by beat takeshi is much bloodier) and lacks the heart of the originals. i didn't mind the blood at all, but some may be turned off by it (particularly the scenes with the severed nose and the severed heads). in addition, time has not been good to ichi--he seems a broken and sad man in this film (much, much more than usual)--and that's something fans of the series may not really want to see.this was a very sorry return for zatoichi. unless you are like me and want to see every zatoichi film, this one is very skipable. see one of the earlier versions or the 2003 all-new version.

this is to the zatoichi movies as the "star trek" movies were to "star trek"--except that in this case every one of the originals was more entertaining and interesting than this big, shiny re-do, and also better made, if substance is more important than surface. had i never seen them, i would have thought this good-looking but empty; since i had, i thought its style inappropriate and its content insufficient. the idea of reviving the character in a bigger, slicker production must have sounded good, but there was no point in it, other than the hope of making money; it's just a show, which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere he hasn't been already (also, the actor wasn't at his best). i'd been hoping to see ichi at a late stage of life, in a story that would see him out gracefully and draw some conclusion from his experience overall; this just rehashes bits and pieces from the other movies, seasoned with more sex and sfx violence. not the same experience at all.

i liked boyle's performance, but that's about the only positive thing i can say. everything was overdone to the point of absurdity. most of the actors spoke like you would expect your 9-year-old nephew to speak if he were pretending to be a jaded, stone-hearted cop, or an ultra-evil villain. the raspy voice-overs seemed amateurish to me. i could go buy a cheap synthesizer and crank out better opening music. and what's with the whole 1984ish police torture stuff? it was totally superfluous and had nothing to do with the actual events of the story. cox added a lot of things, in fact, that he apparently thought would be really cool, but had nothing to do with the story. that's a big disappointment because one of the things that makes borges' stories so good is his minimalism -- they are tightly bound, with no superfluous details. this movie is just the opposite. i stopped watching after the scene where lonnrot is questioning the guy from the yidische zaitung, or thereabouts. i wasted $4 renting this, but at least i can get some satisfaction from writing this review and hopefully saving others from making the same mistake.

this wilfully bizarre adaptation of borges short story is typical cox. his strong visual sense is, as usual, undone by the appalling half baked acting of most of the cast. the film is definitely in the surreal tradition of bunuel's mexican period, and looks at times like a poor man's take on lars von trier's elements of crime. cox's apparent preference for single takes, jump cuts, and ambient sound recording all work against the film's effectiveness. worth a look but ultimately disappointing.

i respect alex cox the filmmaker, i really do. he's like the kid at school who you think at first is just trying a little too hard to be "different", a literary punk-rocker who has dipped more than his feet into spaghetti westerns and science fiction and fringe-culture and come out into the world ready to take s*** on... but then you see what he can actually do, the talent and raw feverish artistry and moments of true absurd hilarity capable of him, and you are ready to see whatever he has to offer. but there's two sides to his proverbial coin: he can either really hit it out of the park (repo man, sid & nancy, walker arguably) or just try just a little too hard and pull way too many pretentious rabbits out of the hat (straight to hell). death and the compass falls into the latter category, and while i respect its (mostly) original approach to tackling a detective-killer story, it too falls on its face and its weirdness becomes oddly dull.it has a strange enough set-up and already irreverent style to follow: a detective, erik lonnrot, is after a killer with a hell-fire voice, red (something), and it seems that the killer is leaving disturbing clues with his victims: scrawled in blood on the walls are messages that, according to eyewitness alonso zunz (christopher eccleston looking as if he just walked off shallow grave without changing his look) has religious significance in the kabbalah. we follow lonnrot on his case, and his methods of going after the perp, which include following at first a triangular and then compass-shaped pattern on the map- this despite the protests of the flabbergasted commissioner treviranus (miguel sandoval), who also looks back in flash-forwards sitting at a desk and speaking to the audience in garbled but sad descriptions of his former employee and colleague after the fact of the case.oh, cox has his moments of creativity and interest, such as a shot where we see the entire scope of the harrowing depths of the police station where eccleston's character is taken in by handcuffs ("for his own protection" says lonnrot in case of getting lost in the wrong room) and we're followed in a long tracking shot- maybe the best or just most curious- where we're taken through very dark hallways with very little direction, lost in the maze of turns and oddities among the characters. and it's never something that isn't fascinating to *look* at, with miguel garzon's cinematography a morbid delight. but the plot goes through hoola-hoops to keep things so off-beat it might as well be beat-less all-together. the performances, save for a confident boyle and for eccleston at the very end, are pretty bad, especially sandoval who just seems to squirm in his seat reciting the goofy dialog given to him to speak at the audience.while the murder plot itself contains an intention for the audience that this isn't something we've seen before, that it's in a society with a good many rioters and architecture suggesting alphaville's next decrepit wave, it too fizzle's out very quickly. what's the conflict here? i was never that much engaged with boyle's own personal mission to find this killer, and only mildly caught up in the few flashes of deranged scenes of the killer (and/or killers) going after people like in the building early on (cox himself has an amusing cameo). and just when i started to think it was leading up to something spectacular, with boyle and eccleston in that big ("not as big as you think") building in the south section of the city, it suddenly gives us a "twist" that we know in the back of our minds is coming but hope isn't, and it deflates any of the humdrum mystery it's been leading up to. for all of cox's uncanny touches as a filmmaker, for all of his opposition to spoon-feeding the audience with a 'conventional' approach, which i do respect, death and the compass ultimately cuts one off at the brain-stem; it's masturbatory.

had i checked imdb before renting this dvd from netflix, i'd have a couple of hours of my life back. i'm frankly suspicious when i see that a film's director also wrote it. in this case, according to the credits, the same guy was "writter and director" - unfortunately, an indication of the overall quality of this production. there were a few interesting moments (e.g., judy tenuta's scene reminded of her early comedy routines touting judy-ism) which led me to rate this two stars rather than one. those moments, however, were few and far between ... and i almost did not get to see them because the opening sequence was nearly incomprehensible to me, not to mention reprehensible in its violence. i admit i went back to watch that part again to see if i had missed something that would help me figure it out once i'd seen the whole thing. nope, though i at least recognized who the characters were who would turn out to be important later. the "spinning camera" technique was overused and essentially pointless. i found myself talking to the tv screen: "what?!?" or "for goodness sake, get on with it!" not recommended.

first off - there's absolutely no flirting going on in this film - with anthony or anyone else. these people don't flirt - they just do it. your first test of endurance is to wade through more than 15 minutes of intense violence and sexual perversion. this wouldn't be so bad - hell, i like violence and perversion as much as the next reviewer, but without a context to put it in, it is repellent. so you make it through the torture and mayhem. then we meet donna and the movie turns into something all together different - not better - just different: a road picture without heart. there are lame attempts at comedy thanks to cameos - broadly written and broadly played by broads like judy tenuta and mink stole (and a few hookers and drag queens, too). they all deserve better. the photography is purposely disorienting, so if you get motion sickness (or really any kind of sickness) - this flick is not for you. come to think of it, i'm not sure just who this flick is for -except maybe gay and bi-sexual s&m fans who like poorly scripted, poorly shot indy films about themselves.

i have seen many good korean movies including thrillers and movies with darker overtone, but this one sucks. the director seems to be a sadist, who happened to get someone to produce some junk. the movie lacks any sort of entertainment value and is not even a thriller. i can't believe someone really made such a movie. even though acting is ok, the story line and the feeling it leaves is awful.i am sure, i am not going to see any movies of this director. no sense of movie making, and utter disappointment in having thriller moments. all this has is showing scenes with psychopath wasting the reels with badly shot scenes and showing more blood and violence thinking that makes it thrilling. very disappointing movie and i strongly recommend skipping all the movies of this sort.

'say yes' is one of those flicks that you keep hoping is going to get better, but it never does. it's the kind of 'motiveless psychopath decides to menace an innocent couple' crapfest, so beloved of straight to video film-makers. the dialogue is clunky and, in several places, poorly translated. the acting is uniformly poor, especially from the villain of the piece, played by joong-hoon park. he seems to think that by not blinking and trying to talk in a deep voice he is making his character seem threatening, when all it really does is make him seem a bit simple.the plot deserves special mention, as it is idiotic beyond all belief. the 'heroes' don't think it overly strange that their hitchhiker threatens to kill them. the 'heroine' twice manages to miss seeing the villain when he is no more than a foot away from her. the villain gets past a police checkpoint (while wearing a shirt covered in blood, and a bloody head bandage) by showing the cops a burnt corpse in the passenger seat of the car he is driving. the villain is punched, clubbed with a shovel and stuck through with a pitchfork, but never seems to be impeded by these, rather serious, injuries. and don't even get me started on that terrible 'twist' ending. sheesh.the only plus point in this film, for me, is sang mi chu. who is very pretty, but really no more than a mediocre actress.overall, this film comes off like a poorly written, flaccidly acted and shockingly directed attempt to copy 'the hitcher' and 'spoorloos', but it fails at every turn due to a lack of talent in everyone involved.

this film is not deserved of the next few minutes i will spend criticizing it, but i know many people, like myself, rely on imdb.com to assist in deciding on films. for that reason alone, i am writing this."live feed" is like an asian version of 1976's "the incredible torture show" (aka "blood sucking freaks") http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/. torture, dismemberment, murder, cannibalism... sure, it's all here along with a third-grade script, pathetic acting, and a perverted failure of an attempt at black comedy.the film takes place in china, yet everyone speaks english. there is an abundance of girls in the film who are horrified by the butchering of dogs in a marketplace, yet are sexually excited about entering a porno parlor. one gal who is disgusted by the filth in a restroom stall moments later is still there having at it with her friends boyfriend (how he even got in there might be the only engaging thing about this whole film.) the film is absolutely awful, even for a b-movie. even if you were to download it for free, it would be an insult to your hard drive.

whoa nelly! i've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this...but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewers really found it to be disappointing. man was he right on the nose! this movie was acted by pure amateurs. they had to have done one take, maybe two on each scene, the movie seemed soooo rushed. the script was also poor....they had lines that tried to be unique but failed. miserably. "get your meathooks off of me!" oh man, i hate it when movies try to do that. it happens all the time with comedies...but, with a horror movie and with below average actors....the results are incredibly pathetic. the lines and scenarios were all very predictable. but what made me feel so negative towards this movie was, again, the damn acting. it was awful. besides by the little asian guy who worked the booth. i thought he was great.the movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh!t tourist who are on a vacation in asia. they end up at the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia run sex/slaughterhouse. sounds like a cool story. but watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch. the only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing. there wasn't a trace of suspense.i like many other horror fans were dying to get their bloody little mitts on this. but unfortunately with a huge capital u, the movie was incredibly disappointing. i did enjoy the ankle break and the blood effects. the flabby chicks were also so so.everything about this movie screams amateur. this is ryan nicholson's first feature length, and for the most part he failed. there's no denying he has a sick sense of humor and taste for horror. i pray his next movie doesn't play out like another b horror flick...unless he tells us that's what it's gonna be. even after this disappointment i'm willing to give ryan another shot. from what i've seen of him, he's a true, dedicated man to the genre. good luck next time, because this was bad news.

there was no characterization in this movie and really shows how much this talentless hack who directed this needs to learn his craft. all his characters in this movie were so unlikable and i could care less. the best point in this movie was the end credits and the hour long shower after this cause i felt so damn dirty that i wasted money on this stinking load. hey genius....triads and yakuza are from two different places learn something about asian culture. the dog scene in this felt so tacked on and useless. this dvd does prove useful i do love my new coaster.so kids don't waste your cash on this crap buy hostel instead.

this movie is a lot like the movie hostel, except with *bad* acting and not much suspense. the gore elements are there, but you don't really feel anything for the characters, making the violence not very effective. some parts are just strange... like forcing a snake down someones throat. what's up with that? is that supposed to be scary or gory? it's just kind of stupid. as for torture, there really isn't any (except for the guy getting blow-torched in the beginning, which they don't show anyway). the main bad guy keeps saying "make them die slowly", yet the butcher kills them all very fast. the deaths are all relatively quick. yes, i did watch the "unrated" version. so, overall, not the worst gore movie i've seen, but not at all good either. you won't miss anything if you skip this one.

some gorehound-friends recommended "live feed" to me, and basically i can't really complain as the film certainly does deliver copious amounts of gross smut and buckets full of sleaze, but it is of course not a very good film. more than obviously cashing in on the latest trend in horror cinema, the so-called torture porn, ryan nicholson tries to surpass every other film in this sub genre (and that includes the role models "hostel" and "saw") with its sick & twisted make-up effects and thoroughly depraved shots of naked co-eds tried up, suffering and begging for their lives. there's no actual plot to describe. five utterly brainless twenty-something friends take a trip to asia. one of them has asian roots, but other than that i don't really know why they opted to travel there instead of to cancun. they're clearly not interested in the continents culture and even cause a hectic scene when they witness a local butchering a cute puppy dog on the market. the quintet subsequently dives into the lurid night life and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan. a simply apology clearly doesn't suffice, as the gangster follow them into an adult theater and gradually subject all of them to vicious torture. one girl has her breast impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat; yikes. "live feed" is surprisingly boring despite of all the bloodshed and the amateurish production values are quite difficult to overlook, even if you're used to watching independent fan-boy trash cinema like this. the fat bloke depicted on the cover, an oriental s&m executioner, is admittedly quite cool and he's also the most talented of the whole bunch, because he at least keeps his mouth shut the entire time. i wouldn't exactly recommend this pile of filth, but hey, if you like loud & hideous metal music, nauseating torture footage and dim-witted losers, go right ahead and watch!

i wasn't at all a fan of the 2005 gore fest hit "hostel", and most of these lame ass knock-offs are just as bad or worse - yet "live feed" managed to keep me somewhat entertained for about the first 30 minutes. started off with plenty of sex and sleazy settings, followed by some good death scenes involving the chinese organized crime squad and a 7-foot, leather-aproned butcher... what put me out of the movie was the tough 'hero' with the guns and a grudge saving the day... i would call this movie mediocre, at best, since a premise mainly involving obnoxious young people being slaughtered in a seedy porno theater, doubling as a hideout for the mafia, is appealing to me. if only the torture was prolonged enough to be thoroughly effective, then my rating would have differed greatly. unfortunately, most of the gruesomeness is heaped together in one scene, leaving the rest of the movie to conclude as a revenge-type scenario. so, basically, it is just a low-budget "hostel" rip-off with the redeeming use of gratuitous sex, almost constant during the first half of the film... overall, i would say don't bother with this one.

first i'd like to excuse my bad english.i'm not a hostel-hardcore-fan, but i liked that movie nevertheless. live feed, however, sucked big time! i have never seen a gore-movie with superb acting, but hey, who's surprised? the acting in live feed was... well, not there! i've seen some commented this as it must have been a school project or something. okey, but not by students in media or acting school. this was no class at all! and what about the story? a really sad rip-off on hostel. and what about the gore? what about the psychopathic torture scenes that supposed to make your guts twist and leave you cold-sweating? that was the most disappointing about the hole movie! short, quick and no edge. more like an execution rather than a torture. okey, there where buckets of blood, but it didn't even look real. the slaughtering and the violence reminded more of braindead than hostel or any of the saw-movies. and braindead was fun! okey, i laughed at live feed a couple of times, but that was more out of disappointment than out of sheer fun!so instead of wasting 80 minutes by watching live feed, watch anything else!

anyone who has said that it's better than hostel is talking complete crap, believe me i'm not a fan of hostel but this is just ridiculous. this is just another shot on camcorder, straight to dvd, low on ideas waste of your time, i can't believe how many of these films there are and i'm yet to see a decent one. in the 80's video nasties, gore and horror movies were made with no budget but a great story and a load of new ideas and most importantly the heart and soul of the director who had something to say. now they just seem to be pumped out in an attempt to trick people browsing in blockbuster to rent a copy, until people stop doing this then i guess these films will keep appearing. this film is so low on ideas it's just amazing how it ever got made, the acting is also terrible, the location completely unconvincing and the soundtrack is so annoying it beggars belief. this waste of time has absolutely nothing going for it, unless you're on a quest to compile a list of the worst movies of all time. my best/worst part of the film is when a female character is pointing a gun at someone and threatening to shoot them if they don't back off, you can see that she isn't even covering the trigger with her finger just holding the grip. an absolute joke.

i agree with the last reviewer that this movie had terrible acting. yes, there was a lot of gore and some nudity. but it was overshadowed by a slow-moving, meaningless plot and dumb ending. where was this supposed to be filmed anyway: a canadian chinatown or hong kong? hostel was a much better movie and i would recommend seeing that instead. a technical annoyance i had with the dvd is that if you shut off the spanish subtitles, they return after a few scenes and then you have to go back to the main menu and turn them off again. also, don't waste your time on the deleted scenes because there's no audio and it just looks like tourist footage.

2005 gave us the very decent "gore porn" flick hostel, and 2006 gave us live feed; a not so decent rip-off of hostel. live feed follows pretty much the same formula as eli roth's earlier film, except this time the dumb kids are in asia rather than central europe. the plot focuses on these dumb kids, and one of them has annoyed one of the locals so they find themselves in trouble. the locals decide to lock them all in a theatre, and kill them. despite the fact that i'd heard some less than favourable things about this film before seeing it, i still hoped that it might be at least half decent because director ryan nicholson previously made the very decent 45 minute rape and revenge film 'torched', but this film falls down simply because most of it is either ridiculous or boring. the film is obviously trying to hark back to the good old days of grindhouse cinema (which hostel did, successfully), but it really doesn't come off. surprisingly, considering nicholson's previous work in special effects - not even the gore is impressive...although it is a lot better than the acting! there's not much else i can say about this film...it's bad and not in a good way. avoid it!

an obvious b-grade effort to cash in on the hostel/saw buzz, my expectations for this film were low (really low!) and yet it still managed to disappoint on every level. the acting is so bad it's not even funny, the plot-line is non-existent and the only scare was realizing that i had wasted 1hour 21 minutes watching it! i'm surprised to note that 34 people gave it a 10 star rating. i can only suspect that 33 of these are cast and crew. the 34th is possibly the directors mother? - although i'm sure even she would find it hard to go higher than a 2! dvd extras include an hour long "making of" feature. which raises the question, "why?" (although perhaps it serves to demonstrate what not to do!). avoid at all costs.

i just want to start by saying this is the first review of a film i have done on the net. i felt the need to warn people about this film because it truly is one of the worst films i have ever seen. after reading interviews with the director he says he respects constructive criticism and so i will try to avoid bashing the film just for the sake of it and offer my opinions as to why i found it to be so catastrophically terrible.1. the actors. i know the budget may not have allowed for great thespians but with nicholson working in the industry for over ten years surely he knew some actors who were at least average.2. the incredibly lame make up and special effects. once again budget obviously interfered with what was originally intended but after working in make up for so many years there is really no excuse.3. the obvious similarities to hostel. whilst not being exactly a rip off it sure does try to cash in on the former films success. only problem is roth knew where he was going and exactly how to get there...4. the music. not at all creepy or haunting not even sickening just plain annoying.5. the script in general. all dialogue was forced and terrible! also the sub plots about the theatre and the guy who comes in to save them were weak as and almost like an afterthought.6. the editing. wtf. how jarring, and not in a good way. nuf said.seriously i would like to hear the director's thoughts on my post (he no doubt frequents his pages on imdb.) cause buddy... what were you thinking. surely at some point during either the shooting or editing you realised what a turkey yolu had on your hands... sorry i don't want to be harsh but you must have more talent than this i hope your next feature that gutterballs movie or wahtever is better, hopefully practice makes progress.but in the mean time avoid this like the plague. i want my 81 mins back with interest. (at least i didn't pay to watch it.)

live feed is set in some unnamed chinese/japanese asian district somewhere as five american friends, sarah (ashley schappert), emily (taayla markell), linda (caroline chojnacki), mike (lee tichon) & darren (rob scattergood) are enjoying a night on the town & taking in the sights. after a scuffle in a bar with a japanese triad boss (stephen chang) they decide to check out a porno theatre, as you would. inside they are separated & quickly find out that the place belongs to the triad boss who uses it to torture & kill people for reasons which aren't made clear. can local boy miles (kevan ohtsji) save them?this canadian production was co-written, produced & directed by ryan nicholson who also gets a prosthetic effects designer credit as well, one has to say that live feed is another pretty poor low budget shot on a camcorder type horror film that seems to exist only to cash in on the notoriety & success of hostel (2005) & the mini craze for 'torture porn' as it's become known. according the imdb's 'trivia' section for live feed writer & director nicholson wrote it after hearing about certain activities taking place in live sex theatres, for my money i reckon he wrote it after watching hostel! the script is pretty poor, there is no basic reason given as to why this porno theatre has a big fat ugly freak dressed in bondage gear lurking around torturing & killing people, none. was it for the triads? was it for his pleasure? was it to make snuff films to sell? some sort of explanation would have been nice. also why did he turn on the triad boss at the end? if your looking for a film with a coherent story then forget about live feed. it seemed to me to be some sort of uneasy misjudged mix of sex, s&m, horror, torture, gore & action films which doesn't come off. i mean just setting a horror film in a porn theatre isn't automatically going to make your film any good, there still needs to be a decent script & story, right? the character's were fairly poor clichés & some of their actions & motivations were more than a little bit questionable. it moves along at a reasonable pace, it's fairly sleazy mixing gore, sex & nudity but it does look cheap which lessens the effect.director nicholson doesn't do anything special here, the editing is choppy & annoying, he seems to think lighting almost every scene with neon lights is a good idea & the film has a cheap look about it. available in both 'r' & 'unrated' versions i saw the shorter cut 'r' version which really isn't that gory but i am prepared to give the benefit of the doubt to the 'unrated' version & say that it might be much, much gorier but i can't say for sure. there's a fair amount of nudity too if that's your thing. i wouldn't say there's much of an atmosphere or many scares here because there isn't & aren't respectively although it does have a sleazy tone in general which is something it has going for it i suppose.technically live feed isn't terribly impressive, the blood looks a little too watery for my liking & entire scenes bathed in annoying neon lights sometimes makes it hard to tell whats happening, it to often looks like it was shot on a hand-held camcorder & the choppy editing at least on the 'r' rated version is at times an annoying mess. shot on location in an actual porn theatre somewhere in vancouver in canada. the acting is poor, sometimes i couldn't tell if the actresses in this were supposed to be crying or laughing...live feed is not a film i would recommend anyone to rush out & buy or rent, i didn't think much of it with it's very weak predictable storyline lacking exposition & which goes nowhere, poor acting & less than impressive gore (at least in the 'r' rated cut anyway). watch either hostel films again or instead as they are superior.

this is the third parody of the scary movies and hopefully the last. this time the spoof is mainly on the ring, signs and 8 mile for some weird reason. in my opinion this movie was very pointless and unnecessary and not even funny. i laughed maybe three times and that is not enough for a comedy. i really enjoyed the first two but this one was just plain dumb. if your jokes consist of corpses getting beat up and people constantly throwing stuff at each other then this movie is for you. in my opinion, if your smart enough stay at home and save your money and please stop making these kind of movies, they just keep getting worse 3/10.

well...i was going to wait till this came out on video to see it, and i wish i had, i actually caught scary movie 2 on cable the other day, and it made me yearn for more of the same, what i got was airplane on crack... i mean if you like airplane or any other leslie nielsen vehicles, then you'll probably be in heaven, but if your used to the usually wayans comedy, then you will be dissapointed, there was alot more eye candy in this one which will keep young hormone raged teenage boys happy, which is probably why it was a box office hit the first week it came out. i enjoyed scary movie 2 ten times more then this fodder, and part one 5 times as much. odd that the better of the 3 is part 2, but then again i always liked halloween 2 better then the original as well..maybe its just me. the funniest part of the movie has to be the way the aliens say goodbye. but that wasnt worth the 11 dollars i spent to catch a matinee of this with my fiance. save yourself cash and catch part 2 again on cable till this is released on video tape, and then rent it, dont buy it.

hollywood does it again. lots of money, no creativity. i'm sure the writers were on something other than oxygen when they wrote this one. based on the previews, i thought that this would be a funny movie. but if you are not up on the latest stupid pop culture then you'll miss most of the silly humor in this movie. why waste your time. you can sit on a log doing nothing and have more fun than this movie will provide.

scary movie 3 isn't as funny as its predecessors but its still has its funny moments. it all begins when roving reporter cindy campbell sets out to find a hard news story in the middle of television sweeps. she soon uncovers an outrageous onslaught of globe-threatening developments including alien invaders, killer videotapes, freaky crop circles and much more. faced with conspiracies of massive proportions, and a crew of very strange people following her around, cindy must fight to stop evil from taking over the world yet again. the plot is a non-issue here as the first two were pretty much plot less. this time around they focus on signs, the ring, matrix reloaded and 8 mile as well as many others just not as much as the previously mentioned ones. the first one was {imo} one of the funniest films i have ever seen. the second one wasn't as good but still quite funny. the third one is mildly enjoyable but its nothing special. let's just say that i didn't mind seeing it once but i probably wouldn't want to see it again. the jokes are either hit or miss and the ones that are funny usually involve charlie sheen. the lame ones usually involve anthony anderson as he is very overrated. why he keeps getting cast is unclear because he isn't funny. anna faris gives a funny performance and she's also kind of underrated. simon rex shows some potential as he actually wasn't so bad. regina hall also returns as brenda and she gives a pretty funny performance. the rest of the cast were pretty much a bunch of cameos. jenny mccarthy and pamela anderson probably had the funniest scene out of all the cameos. their in the opening sequence spoofing the ring and that scene turns out to be on of the more enjoyable ones in the film. denise richards, queen latifah, camryn manheim and many others also have cameos. david zucker directs and while this isn't another airplane, it's also not another my boss's daughter either. its pointless to really analyze a straight comedy as the main thing that people want to know if its funny or not. like i said before if you do like it, you probably won't really like it that much. in the end, i found it a bit disappointing as the pg-13 rating kind of weaken it but it can still be enjoyed. rating 6.3/10

"step aside for hollywood veterans?" (the wayan brothers were 'asked') thats what hollyweird demanded and thats what it got. however, like so many of its recent decisions this one was a stupendous mistake.the director is so out of touch with todays audience, attempting to bring back physical pratfalls and gags in place of funny dialogue is just a disaster. i knew it, the audience knew it and the cast knew it.what a shame, why did they ever consider changing directors? not only that but the two wayan brothers played as two of four primary characters, without them its just a farce and a sad one.sp

scary movie 3 is such a stinkfest its hard to put it in words. it makes movies like malibu's most wanted look like oscar material, lets just say that.the original scary movie was great fun, one of the better 90s spoof movies, coming from a great team who previously rocked our world with dont be a menace to south central whilst drinking your juice in the hood. but what the hell happened?! after the tragedy that was scary movie 2, i thought the cast and crew change would help matters, but its even worse.within 20mins i'd smiled twice. not one laugh, the jokes were recycled and originality was obviously no factor. the fact that at this point in writing, the majority of people on this site have voted it 10/10 has made me feel physically ill. when there's great flicks like school of rock out, which actually have jokes that are *gasp* funny, anyone wasting their money on tripe like this needs their head examined.no stars/****

scary movie 3 (2003) was a bad idea to begin with. the last film was a mediocre effort. put it next to this load, it's a comedy classic. whilst part two was filled with a lot of dated humor and cheap shots, at least it was funny. there's nothing funny about forced humor. jokes, pratfalls and sight gags are supposed to be naturally funny. hitting the viewer over the head with tired jokes is not cool. the humor in this film was caters to juvenile imbeciles who'll laugh at anything. when they catered to the junior high school crowd, any sense of self respect was tossed out the window. ring parodies are not funny. i have watched them in comedies since 1998. they're so dated. michael jackson jokes are not cool either. what's even worse is making fun of two broken down has been "performers" whose best days were never.the death of american cinema has been a slow one. films like this are the nails that are being pounded into it's coffin. whatever happened to real humor? i haven't laughed out loud in a movie theater in a long time. too many bad movies rot the brain. you want proof? go to your local mega chain video rental store and see what's on the shelves. this movie is bad. don't believe the hype. i would rather watch scary movie 2 in a continuous loop than to suffer through this poor excuse of a comedy ever again!definitely not recommended (unless you have a handful of brain cells).

this was thought to be the flagship work of the open source community, something that would stand up and scream at the worlds media to take notice as we're not stuck in the marketing trap with our options in producing fine work with open source tools. after the basic version download ( die hard fan here on a dial-up modem ) eventually got here i hit my first snag. media player, mplayer classic & winamp failed to open it on my xp box, and then totem, xine & kaffeine failed to open it on my suse server. mplayer managed to run it flawlessly. going to be hard to spread the word about it if normal users cant even open it...the film. beautiful soundtrack, superb lighting, masterful camera work and flawless texturing. everything looked real. and then the two main characters moved.... and spoke... and the movie died for me. everything apart from the lip syncing and the actual animation of the two main characters ( except for proog in the dancing scene ) looked fluid and totally alive. the two main characters were animated so poorly that at times i was wondering if there are any games on the market at the moment with cut-scenes that entail less realism than this.any frame in the movie is fantastic.. as a frame, and the thing is great if neither actors are moving. i'm so glad i haven't actually recommended this to anyone. i'd ruin my reputation.oh, and final fantasy had a more followable and cunningly devised plot.this movie would get 10 stars if it wasn't for the tragedy that sits right there on the screen.

as said before, the visual effects are stunning. they're breathtaking. i personally use blender and graphics like that are not easy at all. but that's all this movie is. not only is the plot confusing, but the overall conflict is not clear. for example, in the first scene, proog and emo are trying to run away from who knows what. the conflict seems to be between man and nature here. later, when they enter the room of the bottomless pit, proog explains that "one step out of place and (you're dead)". here, there's a more precise conflict between the careless man and nature. as the movie progresses, it's clear that a conflict exists between man and nature. but suddenly, a conflict exists between man and man when proog, out of nowhere, murders emo. proog immediately changes from being a caring guardian looking after a lost child to being a "sick man". he betrays us. not only is this depressing, but we don't care because the conflict between the character's thoughts and actions is not developed. it's not a story about someone, through struggle, emerging stronger. it's depressing and has not point because there's no great truth about the human soul or about the world brought to light like a great drama does. in my opinion, the movie is severely underdeveloped in all aspects. however, the graphics are stunning, but a movie is so much more than mere eye candy. there's no truth, no struggle and a bad surprise ending. in conclusion, an underdeveloped movie without a point. ...but the graphics are good.

well, i was excited at first to download an animated open source movie, only to be ruined by a demo reel. the animation is excellent, the lip syncing is awful, and you keep watching the movie hoping to understand what's going on, only to realize nothing is going on. you feel no emotion for the characters, only pity for the creators for wasting their time. i have seen short films with twice the emotion in half the time! this could of been an excellent short film, if they had just taken the time to hire a real director. i'm sure everyone over at blender is excited to showcase their software and its rendering capabilities, but sorry guys-story telling is what makes a movie.

elephants dream was supposed to be the flagship project of the open source community. and while it was a very interesting idea in concept, in reality it has failed miserably.the film is beautifully rendered, which is probably the only redeeming factor. a huge problem with them, however, is the vast overruse of light bloom. it's horrible, although i guess it helps give the film a dreamlike quality.one thing to note is the terrible voice acting. while proog's voice actor is at least semi-competent, emo's voice actor is horrible. i guess when you have a budget that basically amounts to zero, you can't afford to hire real voice actors. to me it seems like they hired one of the animators to do his voice.as a whole, the movie doesn't really go anywhere. to me it seems like it's more of a "look what we can do" kind of movie instead of a real film. the plot goes nowhere and fails at really showing any interesting point. the whole movie feels like it was made as an excuse to make interesting looking areas.overall, it may be worth a quick download from the official site, but don't expect anything except pretty graphics.

another fine effort by america's most underrated filmmaker. his knowledge on the subject of racism is staggering, and impresses me on more than one level. accusations that lee is really just a devious little racist, a poisonous dwarf who opportunistically exploits hollywood's affirmative action system to make movies of inferior quality is utter nonsense, mere right-wing propaganda. the very notion that lee would resort to misusing the current climate of political correctness in america in order to produce hate-filled anti-white movies is simply false and malicious.some of lee's detractors even go so far as to suggest that gotb glorifies african-americans, while putting down other races: obviously, another falsehood disseminated by people who are against peaceful co-existence between different races in america and elsewhere.my favourite scene in the movie is a lengthy dialogue early on between the rich black republican and the others in the bus. the views presented by that man are simply wrong - all across the board. 100% untrue. he lacks education, unlike the brilliantly informed guys who quite deservedly throw him off the bus.terrific performances, and an intelligent script make for a viewing experience that has been rarely rivaled by any political movies made since.i also want to point out the incessant lies that the million-man march had only 80,000 people taking part in it!(and now all you have to do is take the antonyms of all the words written in capital letters...)so what message does lee send here? if someone doesn't agree with your political views, you simply apply violence and throw him off the bus. i thought the movie said "get on the bus"...?apparently, mr.lee is for bus-segregation after all, i.e. is no different than those kkk lunatics before him: the bus is only for those blacks who are in line with the democratic party's line of thinking. so much for "freeing the slaves"...the end-credits: "this movie was entirely financed by black people." and distributed and marketed by a major hollywood studio run by jews and whites whom farrakhan despises...

this movie is a modest effort by spike lee. he is capable of much more than this movie.get on the bus while apparenly anti racist, does nothing but berate whites and degrade the black status quo. the plot of this movie is about a group of black men who travel on a bus to louis farrakhan's million man march. the bus has every type of person you could imagine:gay, muslim, gangbanger and the uncle tom(he is thrown off the bus though). there was one only white person on the bus. he was accused of being a racist the minute he got on the bus to drive. despite him being a jew and the fact that he explained is situation he ended up being a racist and leaving the bus.i hate to say it but films like this need to realize their own hipocracy and rienforcation of steryotypes. this should not be seen as a triumph but a sad dissapointment. you may think i am a racist for writing this but i mean well. better luck next time spike.

they're showing this on some off-network. it's well crap. while it is not as bad as the b-movies they show on the sci-fi network on saturdays but still a fairly large pile of crap. the acting is passable. the plot and writing are fairly sub-standard and the pacing is entirely too slow. every minute of the movie feels like the part of the movie where they're wrapping things up before the credits - not the peak of the movie, the denouement. also, large portions of the cast look way to old for the age range they're playing. the whole thing is predictable, boring and not worthy of being watched. save your time. it's not even worth the time it takes to watch it for free.

bad acting, bad southern accents, inconsistent cinematography, horrible script...i was looking forward to this film at a recent film festival and was so discouraged after seeing it. it contains quote/unquote name talent, but they do not deliver. of course the basis for this is the uneven and uninteresting story that is told.don't bother

it's funny, when you stop and think about it: fright film fans tend to a deep and abiding affection toward those who scare the daylights out of them. the texas chainsaw massacre may give us nightmares, but who among us (the faithful) didn't feel a very real twinge of love for gunnar hansen in brutal massacre- or for ken foree, forever and ever the resolute hero of the original dawn of the dead? his cameo in the remake made me want to stand up and cheer (as did tom savini's cameo); i kid you not. and brian halloran and... well, you get my drift (if not, just stand downwind...). these are some of the heroes of horror. to see this many of them gathered together in a single movie is almost unheard of (at least to this degree, to my knowledge). if only the writer(s) had been up to such a monumental task. maybe someone else, somewhere along the line, will try again. as long as it's not another half-hearted effort (like brotherhood of blood, for instance).

alright, so i've been dying to see this movie. stoked about the, "who's who" in horror land that are in the film....well, my friend rented this, brought it over, and we started watching it. it's supposed to be a comedy....i did not smirk even once, until the 40min mark.does it have to do with the budget? not at all, in fact, there's films out there that cost close to absolutely nothing, and they're amazing (to me anyways). also, while watching this film, i couldn't help but realize the similarities (i.e., stealing) to a low budget indie film titled, "actress apocalypse", read my review about it (it destroys this film btw).this film...it had potential it really did. it had the "star power", stolen plot (lets film the behind the scenes of the making of a movie...ie..."actress apocalypse"....seriously, this angers me the more and more i think about),...it really could've been funny. a lot, a lot of the jokes fall flat. the acting is alright for what it is. but it dragged on, wasn't funny, and the plot was totally stolen.i give this a two, because it wasn't sooo awful, but that's the only reason.

when you look at this now and hear all the language in here, it's amazing this was rated "pg," but that's the 1970s rating system for you. peter falk spews out the lord's name in vain six times in the first ten minutes alone in this movie! yet, few people consider that offensive, and certainly not the scumbags who make movies nor the people who "rate" them.the cast is a clue to how profane this film can be: falk, peter boyle, allen garfield, warren oates, gena rowlands and paul sorvino aren't exactly actors you wouldn't find in "the sound of music."i like heist movies, and a lot of films by director william friedkin, but this script doesn't deliver and it just has way too much of the "sleazy '70s" feel to it, visually and audibly. for those who loved falk in tv's "columbo" it must come as a shock to hear him use as much profanity as he did in films. this is far from the only case.

as far as heist movies go, this one is pretty weak. continuity is pretty lousy, there isn't enough character continuity to really feel like you understand any of the characters. peter falk is great, and he is one of the reasons its worth watching. falk has some great lines, like "he'll be right back, he goin' buy to some saugages" or something like that... there are a few nice scenes, although they are entirely due to the efforts of the actors. direction, script, and editing is pretty lousy.

ok, so mr. agrama's company (which is involved in some dubious business with former italian pm silvio berlusconi) produced a horrendous mish-mash by a mr. carl macek.what is this horrendous mish-mash i'm talking about? well, macek took three entirely unrelated japanese sci-fi animated series (namely, macross, southern cross and mospeada), added tons of dialogue - believing firmly that the american audience is too dumb to understand the narrative and artistic virtue of silence - , edited the whole lot heavily for violent content, added some metaphysical mumbo jumbo, dubbed it using some of the worst voice actors this side of acting hell (reba west's singing was - and still is - unbearable and a total outrage, especially compared to mrs. mari iijima)... and the result was an 85-episode series with hundreds of continuity problems and plot holes.of course, the mecha were cool to look at (especially those in the "macross saga") and the plot parts that remained unscathed were good. but whatever was good about robotech was not the result of macek's work or the "voice talents" he recruited. it was because of the toils and efforts of the (uncredited - why? would i be too bold to accuse hg of plagiarism here?) japanese creators. those of us who eventually got wind of the real deal and compared the originals to robotech now wish we had never been exposed to robotech. the originals are so much better, naturally, and make a lot more sense.robotech, however, did something worthwhile: it prompted legendary anime creator leiji matsumoto to start a campaign for the protection of japanese anime creators' intellectual property from such unauthorized and uncalled-for reworkings that talentless people like carl macek produce.

my wife and i really had high hopes for this film, but it was a major disappointment. it was a native american version of mr. magoo. a pathetic father who fails at everything he tries e.g. fishing, hunting, in an obvious way he subjects his family to his wild fantasies. his "visions" are not only ridiculous but in the process he lies to his son numerous times about various obvious things. words cannot express how bad this film is. the children and wife are very real which makes the film even sadder. i don't get the humor... unless you like laughing at other people making a fool of themselves. i don't get how this could have come up for awards. save your bucks, it's not worth the rental.

this movie is ridiculous. anyone saying the acting is great and the casting is superb have never seen even mediocre cinema. the acting is obviously terrible in the first 5 characters you meet. lame. i feel like all the other "soaring" comments must have been made by people associated with the filmmakers. i was not very impressed by the storyline, but just wanted to see some beautiful oregon countryside, and there was some decent cinematography--but the casting was anything but inspired. i think this movie also makes a mockery of the generally noble suggestion that something deep in the amerindian culture has been ignored and perhaps lost and that reviving it is worthwhile, and possible. it places jokes in the wrong and all-too-obvious places, and makes me think it was written by the state department or something. back to the drawing board. to even suggest that this film deserves a place in the same vicinity of classics like harold and maude is absolutely retarded, and along the same line of begging and pretension and "joking" as is rampant in this film.

as a native film professor, i can honestly say that this is perhaps one of the worst films with native content that i have ever viewed. i would rather get a root canal than view this film again. the use of stereotyping, uncreative attempts at utilizing portions of traditional coyote stories and poor camera work were only made worse by the glib uncreative story-line and bad script. the writer and director have displayed the worst parts of a colonized approach to portraying native people and communities. if this person is native, they need to go home and apologize to everyone they know for being an apple and for the internalized racism and poor sense of humor that they have developed. if this person is non-native, they need to seriously re-examine their white privilege and ask themselves if they are displaying unexamined, unintentional racism, or if they are intentionally being ignorant. my only hope is that the native actors in this film had a good time and at least got paid for their efforts. if you want to see good native films then check out: christmas in the clouds, dance me outside, medicine river, powwow highway, smoke signals...to name just a few.

during the civil war, there were many cases of divided loyalties; obviously, many occurred "in the border states", where north met south by happenstance of geography. from the border, young father owen moore goes off to join the union army. shortly, confederate soldier henry b. walthall, separated from his regimen, wanders onto the enemy's property, desperate for water; he finds a supply where the unionist's young daughter gladys egan sits. when the yankee soldiers track him down, little gladys innocently helps the confederate hide. later, when he returns to kill her father, the little girl's kindness is remembered. a sweet, small story from director d.w. griffith. location footage and humanity are lovingly displayed. **** in the border states (6/13/10) d.w. griffith ~ henry b. walthall, owen moore, gladys egan

diana muldaur appears on star trek for the second time, but this time as a different character. no one on board seems to notice--maybe it was the hair. regardless, this time she is not the receptacle for a god (see the previous episode) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a medusan without going crazy (the standard human response). unfortunately, the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the medusan ambassador (who, oddly, lives in a small crate--this is a lousy way to travel). and, unfortunately, muldayr isn't wound all that well herself. what happens next is kind of dumb and by the time the episode was over the first time i saw it, i was pretty relieved. watching all the men on board go ga-ga over muldaur was pretty silly and the acting of spock when he briefly went crazy was pretty campy. do yourself a favor--if you haven't seen the show before, pick a different episode.

is this the "worse" star trek tos episode? maybe, at least it gets my vote as being in the bottom 5. i mean, this episode makes absolutely no freaking sense. seeing something that makes you go mad? give me a break. this episode also has a different feel to it, the music is heightened, almost forced to enhance a feeling of distress, to the point that it sucks. give me some klingons, gorns, tholians, romulans, higher beings like triskelion's or anything but medusin's, these are very boring aliens to make an episode around. mccoy gets to utter his famous phrase "he's dead, jim". spock puts on the protective goggles when transporting the ambassador away but kirk does not. they go through that freaking "barrier" now for the third time that i can remember, boring. at least season three's next episodes would be "spectre of the gun", and "day of the dove" and others to follow, making trek a decent show to watch in syndication where it would pick people like me up as avid fans. personal observations, trek loved to use the color purple, its kind of a pinkish purple, like when they are in the corridor outside the compartment, the gangway that is normally grey is now purple. we never had a purple bridge but its interesting to see, i noticed it in several episodes, it was done by a light filter and it works very well but in this episode, in the ships corridor is pretty lame.

another weak third-season entry, 'is there in truth no beauty?' nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as spock would say, fascinating. the main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane. it's too bad the episode cannot live up to this incredible premise. obviously, i think, it was a mistake to ever 'show' the alien, as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build-up; all we get is the standard star trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes, usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar. in any event, kollos' appearance can at least be tolerated by mr. spock, and then only if spock is wearing a special visor. (for the longest time, i thought the alien's name was 'carlos,' which i found humorous, but i digress.) spock is required to mind-meld with kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the enterprise back to safety. this is accomplished, but when spock/kollos go back to end the mind-meld, by golly, spock forgets his visor. uh oh. he goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of kollos' assistant, a blind woman with psychic powers. this might have been a really bizarre, excellent episode but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series' last season.

i am very unpolitically correct guy, so when i say sexist i really mean it reduced the female guest lead, dr miranda jones played by diana muldar. in spite of all her supposed brilliance and self control, to nothing more inside but a big, jealous unreasonable baby you prolly got the plot by now, after her technical sidekick marvik, also a spurned lover, flips out when he tried to kill the medusan, ambassador kollos, out of a jealous rage, but glimpsed first it instead. (you think he could have just walked in to the room with his eyes shut and phasered the box, too easy) he takes the enterprise into un-navigable space outside the galaxy before the boys could subdue him. well, the ship is stuck in limbo, at that point they could have gone to the good lady doctor-liaison and discussed it. "spock has to make a mind meld with the medusan so we can get home. i mean like beetch do you want to stay adrift until we run out of supplies and die?" but the lady in true star trek fashion is a jealous monsters who whines and wails when the idea is broached, even when her medusan idol told her to shut up & go along with them. so the beetch out of spite messes with the melded spock causing him to forget to put on his visor which makes spock go insane. kirk, naturally, figured out what a total twit she was and shamed her into fixing spock up with her superior telepathic powers. of course, at the end the lady and medusan leave and all is forgiven. you almost wish the president from battle star galactica showed up to jettison the witch out of an airlock for her destructive stunt. but in star trek land, ladies are permitted to be totally unreasonable and cruel, yet at the same time supposedly there is sexual equality. this is what i mean by sexist.

i just don't get some of the big premises of this episode - that miranda is so remarkable, and that there's anything so ugly it would make you insane. someone here made the remark that maybe it's the frequency of the light waves or something rather than it being ugliness. miranda is just a jerk. the episode is slow, inconsistent and way too talky. i also don't quite understand why kolos is an ambassador - why doesn't the federation just leave the damn medusans be? there's one part i do like, when kolos is speaking through spock about the loneliness of the human experience. overall, i love tos and even at its lamest, i'll always tune in. this episode though - mmm, i wouldn't purchase it except for a used copy under $3.

the people who are praising this film are the real disappointments -- i am hoping at least that leonard will see some good $$ out of this, as his life savings were embezzled away by a manager a couple of years ago and he's over 70 now. but this film is simply terrible. at the beginning leonard himself says he is not sentimental about his past, and then for the next hour and a half the film emphasizes all the worst sentimental elements of leonard's songs. it is so bloody precious with its endless close-ups of over emoting singers. cohen's interview is all done in lo-fi video closeups and i so wanted to see a medium or a long shot of his whole body! i couldn't care less about the comments of the performers, especially those overblown ego boys edge and bono. none of the performers in this film have done even one song as good as leonard's own music and if you are thinking about seeing this and you have any doubts at all, heed them. this would be an acceptable pbs special, maybe, for a one time showing. but i will even hesitate at getting a dvd of this. when the film finally shows leonard semi-performing "tower of song" it's ruined by bono taking a verse. even the occasional good performances (antony, rufus' first number, martha's the traitor) are spoiled by the context of the rest of this turgid blabla. forget this one, and go buy leonard's most recent album if you want to pay tribute to him.

hey,if your going to make a documentary about leonard cohen try making it about leonard cohen! this is filled with only enough leonard to anger the viewer who will be left wondering why they are listening to all these other singers (some of them questionable) talk about themselves. puleeze....sounds like them reliving their diary entries in junior high - who cares about you, what about leonard? guess what people, if you "do something" worthy maybe someone will make a documentary about you. i found particularly insulting the parading of u2's members as if that would add credibility to this movie - not. leonard doesn't need bono or the edge talking about his spirituality. what would have been nice would have been for the filmmakers to embody some piece of his spirituality through the film. gee, what a concept! i will give props to rufus wainwright and jarvis cocker for their covers of cohen tunes - the rest of the performances were a bore and some were unbearable.cohen fans, don't say i didn't warn you!

this film should have been only 10 minutes. i mean there is really only 10 minute worth of watchable content in this thing (i even hesitate to call it a movie). the opening credits of the film was somehow promising. as the film begins by short comments of the man himself, you really rub your hands and stay tuned for more footage from cohen's life. well, nick cave does a reasonable job covering one of cohen's famous songs. the length of cave's performance makes you even more eager to see more of cohen whose wit and well spoken words have already tickled your fancy. but as it turns out cave's performance is only the start of lengthy super boring performances by literally a bunch of no ones who don't even have a minimal attraction to keep you on your seat. i mean what does the filmmaker really think? five-minute close-up shots of wanna be singers in a fake concert in australia!!! what does the filmmaker really think to insult the audience by adding "fake applause" to these endless nasty performances. the film is a perfect torture that shows you very little of what you came to see. there is not a single footage of cohen's past. in fact, except for a few photographs of his early days as a singer/poet there is absolutely nothing! if you add up all the minutes that cohen talks it may not even reach 10 minutes. but these 10 minutes are tortuously presented bit by bit in between disastrous camera-work that captures some of the most unattractive people screaming cohen's lyrics. if you ever decided to waste your money on this film, don't! just throw it in the garbage and at least save your time.

what kind of a documentary about a musician fails to include a single track by the artist himself?! unlike "ray" or countless other films about music artists, half the fun in the theater (or on the couch) is reliving the great songs themselves. here, all the tracks are covers put on by uninteresting characters, and these renditions fail to capture cohen's slow, jazzy style. more often, the covers are badly sung folk versions. yuck.the interviews are as much or more with other musicians and figures rather than with cohen himself. only rarely does the film feature cohen reading his own work (never singing)-- like letters, poems, etc. the movie really didn't capture much about the artist's life story, either, or about his development through the years. a huge disappointment for a big cohen fan.

i've been a fan since his first album. this film is a disservice to him. the performances, except for one by rufus wainwright and teddy thompson are simply terrible. those by martha wainwright, nick cave, antony, and jarvis cocker were particularly annoying. even the one by the mcgarrigle sisters was ruined by the so called harmony of martha wainwright.i've never seen my wife get up and walk out of the room on a film before and i found myself fast forwarding through the performances to get to the few interview segments, which were also difficult to watch due to the poor camera work. there are many who have been able to interpret mr. cohen's songs, jennifer warnes, kd lang, billy joel, aaron neville, and willie nelson come to mind, but those people selected for this performance were just awful.hopefully there will be another attempt at capturing leonard cohen on film that will illustrate his insight, talent, and intelligence.so sad

this show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel. it is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera. it's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style.it also borrows from an early cbs game show pioneer- beat the clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome. then it rewards the winner money. if they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters, even better. while the game format is in slow motion versus beat the clock- the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality. this show has elements of several types of successful past programs. reality television, hardly, but if your hooked on the contestants, locale or contest, this is your cup of tea. if your not, this entire series is as i say, drivel dripping with gravy. it is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.it is slick & well produced, so it might last a while yet. after all, so do re-runs of gilligan's island, green acres, the beverly hillbillies & the brady bunch. this just doesn't employ professional actors. the intelligence level is about the same.

using tons of stock footage, not only from trader horn but also the first two films in the series (for example the alligator fight was used last time out) this is one of the weakest films in the mgm series. its a huge let down after the classic tarzan and his mate which is possibly the best film in the series.the plot has jane's cousins coming into the jungle to tell her that she has inherited a fortune if she'll come back to claim it. they are kind of in the bind since the relative that left her the money cut them out of the will.hiring a great white hunter, who secretly wishes to capture tarzan and sell him, the pair heads into the jungle where they run into the usual jungle troubles (more so because of the stock footage). after lots of talk jane decides to go back to civilization and we get long sequences of tarzan and jame making kissy face. finally into the last half hour the plot to capture tarzan is put in motion and things at last become interesting as plans go awry and things look very grim for all concerned..painfully dull film is clear evidence of a troubled production. the film seems to have been assembled from several different films with the first half hour playing as an almost exact repeats of the previous film. the middle third shows signs of having to stretch things out and having plot lines that ultimately went nowhere. the last third where tarzan is captured and the party is put into peril is the point that the film finally comes to life (it also shows signs of the graphic violence that caused much of the need to re-shoot the film). to me its a great wonder how the series managed to continue on from here since this film isn't very good (except at the end).i would be hard pressed to explain it except i would have to say that it was the relationship between weissmuller and o'sullivan as tarzan and jane which kept people coming back. its a beautifully acted pairing and really is one of the screens great couples.(i should probably also mention that this is the point that the film became less real and more fantastical with the appearance of the tarzan tree house.) i really dislike the first hour or so of this film a great deal and find it a great waste of time and energy. if you can come in towards the end i would recommend giving the film a try. otherwise i would just skip the whole film and move on to the next film in the series.

another horror flick in which a goof-ball teenager battles a madman and his supernatural sidekick who want to take over?! yes, but the fact that this one was from canada gives it a slightly different feel. "the brain" has troublesome teenager jim majelewski getting put into a treatment whose leader turns out to be a cult leader aided by a big ugly "brain". can jim stop him? i guess that since our northern neighbor has accomplished all that they have accomplished, they're entitled to make at least one ridiculous horror movie. but still, they'll probably want to be known for having national health care and all.the bad guy had a brain. why didn't the people who made this movie?

insignificant and low-brained (haha!) 80's horror like there are thirteen in a dozen, yet it can be considered amusing if you watch it in the right state of mind. the special effects are tacky, the acting atrocious and the screenplay seems to miss a couple of essential paragraphs! "the brain" takes place in a typical quiet-american town setting, where every adolescent works in the same diner and where the cool-kid in high school flushes cherry bombs down the toilet. it is here that a tv-guru named dr. blake and his adorable pet-brain begin their quest for nation-wide mind controlling. under the label of "independent thinkers", a giant cheesy brain sends out waves through television sets and forces innocent viewers to kill! how cool is that? now, it's up to the meadowvale teen-rebel to save the world! the funniest thing about the plot is that it never explains where dr. blake and his monstrous brain actually come from. there are obvious references towards extraterrestrial life but that's about it. meh, who needs a background in a movie like this, really? there's not that much bloodshed unfortunately and the "evil" brain looks like an over-sized sock-puppet. the only more or less interesting element for horror buffs is taking a look at the cast and crew who made this movie. director ed hunt and writer barry pearson are the same men who made "bloody birthday" (guilty pleasure of mine) and "plague". both those are much better movies and they wisely decided to resign the film industry. the most familiar face in the cast unquestionably is the great david gale, whom horror fans will worship forever for his role in re-animator. a girl named christine kossak provides the nudity-factor and she's obviously a great talent she has exactly 3 movies on her repertoire of which this is her "masterpiece". in her debut, she was credited as 'runaway model' and in "3 men and a baby", her character is referred to as 'one of jack's girls'. i really wonder how she feels about her career as an actress

paul naschy made a great number of horror films. in terms of quality, they tend to range from fairly good to unwatchable trash; and unfortunately, horror rises from the tomb is closer to the latter. the plot is just your average story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. we then get a séance and one thing leads to another, and pretty soon the executed warlock is up to no good again. the plot is slow, painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless. the characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever. paul naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should stick to acting because the dialogue is trite in the extreme, and only serves to make the film even more boring than it already is. carlos aured, who also directed naschy in blue eyes of the broken doll and curse of the devil provides dull direction here, which likes the dialogue does nothing to help the film. sometimes crap films like this have a certain charm about them; but horror rises from the tomb doesn't even have that. this is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest.

this movie starts out with an execution of a practitioner of witchcraft and his mistress. his head is chopped off and buried separately of his body...sounds like "the thing that wouldn't die" doesn't it? well it does play out a little like that, but once the body is reunited with the head, all the interesting and gruesome deaths are done and the movie moves very slowly. i mean the movie is only 88 minutes long and i kept thinking "when is it going to end"? the characters in the movie are idiots for the most part and they pretty much deserve to die for being really stupid. the villain is also very bad as he is slow moving and really you wonder how he manages to do anything considering he is afraid of jewelery. the only thing to keep you watching after the head is reattached is the fact that there are so many boobs being flashed that you really begin to lose track. still i want to see a horror movie, not a soft core porn flick and as a horror movie it is way to slow moving with way to many slow stretches to be even somewhat enjoyable. and don't read the back of the box as it made it out like there were flesh eating zombies attacking the town, there isn't...only a small scene where three or four zombies attack a house and are so easily repelled they are not a factor in the movie at all and their scene is rather pointless. so for the most part i say you should avoid this movie unless you come across it for really cheap.

the version of this film i saw was titled 'horror rises from the tomb'. the horror in question is a wicked medieval magician played by spanish horror legend paul naschy looking like he's playing abanazer in a church hall panto. he rises from his tomb when a stupid descendant (i think he's a descendant, as he's also played by naschy)returns to his ancestral home and reunites the magician's head and body, which had been separated by by the witchfinders who executed him, in an attempt to stop him, er, rising from the tomb.obviously, once head and body are back together all hell breaks loose and lots of people die. like all good magicians, abanazer here has a lovely assistant. this one's played by another spanish horror great, the beautiful helga line. like practically every other woman in the film line periodically gets her kit off. there's a lot of nudity in this film, and not just female - we even get to see naschy's paunchy body, which isn't a pretty sight, i can tell you. most of the film's sex angle is laughably gratuitous. there's one particularly funny scene where naschy and line discuss their evil plans and then suddenly decide to both have a grope of the nubile young blonde they've possessed.it's also pretty gory in places - notably a herschell gordon lewis-esquire moment where line plunges her hands into a man's chest to remove his heart.the best part of the film is the pretty effective zombies who turn up towards the end. they're quickly scared off by a fire though, and don't bother coming back. which is a shame. the scene where the zombies rise, however, is the film's most ludicrously inept moment. it all happens in long shot, and we haven't really got a clue what's happening until we see some figures shambling on from the distance. there are several rubbish moments like this, thanks largely to poor editing. when a labourer falls under the hypnotic spell of naschy's head there's a big close up of his face that seems to last forever and serves no purpose whatsoever.all in all, not a great horror film, but entertaining enough. of course, the version i saw was a dubbed american version that had probably been chopped to pieces. for all i know, the original spanish version could be a masterpiece...

in 1454, in france, the sorcerer alaric de marnac (paul naschy) is decapitated and his mistress mabille de lancré (helga liné) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. in the present days (in the 70's), hugo de marnac (paul naschy) and sylvia (betsabé ruiz) and their friends maurice roland (vic winner) and his beloved paula (cristina suriani) go to a séance session, where they evoke the spirit of alaric de marnac. they decide to travel to the villas de sade, a real estate of hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. they find alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. after the death of her father, elvira (emma cohen) recalls that he has the thor's hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac alaric de marnac and mabille.last weekend i bought a box of horror genre with five dvds of paul naschy per us$ 9.98; despite of having no references, i decided to take the chance. the first dvd with the uncut and restored version "horror rises from the tomb" is a trash b (or c) movie that immediately made me recall ed wood. the ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. the result is simply hilarious and i can guarantee that ed wood's style is back. my vote is three.title (brazil): not available

wow! i watched the trailer for this one and though 'nah, this one is not for me'. i watched my husband and our friend's faces during the trailer, and knew this was a 'boy movie'. i mean, hallo! a bunch of chick barmaids that dance - another striptease?then, i started watching it, it didn't look all that bad. so i carried on watching. i watched it right to the end. what an awesome movie. if anything, this is a chick-flick. these girls have attitude. it is really a feel-good movie, and a bit of a love story. really leaves you with a nice feeling.basically, the story of a small-town girl making it big in the city, after going through the usual big-city c**p. there have been a couple of these, it is almost a new urban legend. but it also makes you think of your life, and what you have achieved. well, me anyway. i think it is because the whole working in a bar scenario is very familiar, not just for me, but for many people i know. don't trust the trailers for this one - it is aimed at bringing the men in.

just think, it cost a total of $250,000 to make "clerks". how the hell did they spend $45 million to make this glorified music video? a practically unknown cast, two or three sets, no special effects that i could see... i know, it must have been spent on that expertly crafted, economical, tension filled screenplay. shoot, that bar set must have cost a bundle. anyway, i guess jerry bruckheimer wouldn't be caught dead producing anything for less. i'm just surprised he didn't blow up anything.anyway, it wasn't an awful film i guess. the female leads seemed to have some good chemistry and the soundtrack was ok. imo it just seems a pity that this rather mediocre project could have been made for $5 million without any loss to the production, and 6 more $5 million dollar indy films of merit could have been made as well.

if this movie were more about piper perabo's character and less about the bar, this might have been halfway decent. piper's violet stanford and karen friendly (adventures of rocky and bullwinkle) both have a virgin kindegarden teacher quality to them that's endearing. here's hoping she'll find a better movie to be in.

***spoiler*** do not read this, if you think about watching that movie, although it would be a waste of time. (by the way: the plot is so predictable that it does not make any difference if you read this or not anyway)if you are wondering whether to see "coyote ugly" or not: don't! it's not worth either the money for the ticket or the vhs / dvd. a typical "chick-feel-good-flick", one could say. the plot itself is as shallow as it can be, a ridiculous and uncritical version of the american dream. the young good-looking girl from a small town becoming a big success in new york. the few desperate attempts of giving the movie any depth fail, such as the "tragic" accident of the father, the "difficulties" of violet's relationship with her boyfriend, and so on. mcnally (director) tries to arouse the audience's pity and sadness put does not have any chance to succeed in this attempt due to the bad script and the shallow acting. especially piper perabo completely fails in convincing one of "jersey's" fear of singing in front of an audience. the only good (and quite funny thing) about "coyote ugly" is john goodman, who represents the small ray of hope of this movie.i was very astonished, that jerry bruckheimer produced this movie. first "gone in 60 seconds" and now this... what happened to great movies like "the rock" and "con air"? that was true bruckheimer stuff.if you are looking for a superficial movie with good looking women just to have a relaxed evening, you should better go and see "charlie's angels" (it's much more funny, entertaining and self-ironic) instead of this flick.two thumbs down (3 out of 10).

coyote ugly might have been much more effective if the film-makers had made it an r-rated guilty pleasure/exploitation film (with plenty of nudity.) but since the pg-13 rating is what all the studios are wanting these days, we end up with a movie like this: a pg-13 "tease" flick that isn't allowed to go nowhere near as far as the movie should have gone.the script is go generic that it is easy to guess what plot point is going to occur 15 minutes before it actually happens. the acting is adequate, but the characters are so paper-thin that nothing could be done with them. there were also a lot of points where it seemed like i was watching a music-video rather than a movie.the film's only assets are the amazingly beautiful female leads. we get to see them in some extremely tight and pretty revealing outfits.....but only so much could be shown due to the pg-13 constraints. there's plenty of cleavage and toned, heaving bodies doing some well-choreographed dance numbers, but there's no nudity or sex to speak of. tyra banks (she keeps getting even more insanely beautiful with age) is also in the movie for a very small amount of time. sexy newcomer piper perabo is also very easy on the eyes (and she has a killer smile) and shows some genuine acting potential.the only people i could see this movie appealing to is pre-pubescent boys who aren't allowed to watch r-rated movies yet. that audience might get a lot out of it from a titillation aspect, but adult audiences will feel annoyed and cheated.rating: the movie-1 the women-10

i was talked into watching this movie by a friend who blubbered on about what a cute story this was.yuck.i want my two hours back, as i could have done so many more productive things with my time...like, for instance, twiddling my thumbs. i see nothing redeeming about this film at all, save for the eye-candy aspect of it...3/10 (and that's being generous)

what a disappointment! piper perabo is adorable, tyra banks is beautiful but pitiful as an actor and the talented and beautiful maria bello is wasted! bello must have been embarrassed by some of the lines! the plot, script and premise is a joke!i'm not against silly movies, i think that something about mary is a masterpiece, but coyote ugly is a waste of 90 minutes........

this movie is another fine example of what jerry bruckheimer, since about 1997, seems to be best at--hyping up a movie a year before its release and not coming through with a quality movie. i'm no film critic, but this movie was as predictable as they come. every attempt at a joke, every attempt at a touching moment, and the pitiful attempt at a love story, was exactly what i was predicting in my mind. do yourself a favor and save your money on this one.

let me start off by saying that this doesn't seem or feel like a movie. it seems like just another tv show about popular girls and boys with no real film language top back it up.the camera angles are so straight forward that the story is told the simplest way possible never making the public connect with it. this film takes us to where no movie i've seen has done before: to a realm where the film theater becomes a warm medium giving the public every element of interpretation. too obvious. the large movie screen is only used as an enlarged tv from where we can see every attribute of these women in a larger than life manner.lately it seems that young directors are compromising the art of film making for sales. this is very scary. the industry is spoiling the art in movies. we must educate ourselves and our children about what cinematography and its language are really about. not just sales and entertainment, but a way to communicate feelings, passions and even culture. not as a launching platform for young divas and jocks.

i never wanted to see this film, then one day, for a joke i watched it to see how bad it was; my preconceptions were confirmed.for starters i'd like to question the politics of the film. it hides behind of mask of women 'making it big in the city' but the only way that women can make it big is through using their sexuality rather than their intelligence or skills. these women are nothing more the whores. are slightly less attractive girls not allowed to be successful? this is not the only right wing message of the film, there are hundreds of shots of american flags and huge wads of cash. a fine example of how the only powerful thing in america is capitalism and anything of spiritual, moral or artistic value is not even given a look in of this film. money is depicted as the only important thing to young people.the manageress of the bar states that she does not allow drug users in her bar, and then she goes on to poor gallons of hard liquor down her own neck and then the necks of her staff and customers. any one who knows anything about intoxicants will know that liquor can be just as dangerous as heroin and more dangerous than most illegal drugs.and finally, why are scenes in which the lead character is a point of sexual interest to the audience (when she is getting undressed or with her boyfriend) is her father always involved? we watch get her undressed with the camera virtually caressing her legs while she is one the phone to her father. she 'auctions' her father just as she 'auctions' her boyfriend. i find this most strange.in conclusion, this film is immoral, fascistic, degrading to women and frankly, disturbing. but what else do you expect from jerry bruckhiemer?

the rumor is true: girls like coyote ugly more than guys. and the reasons are obvious as soon as the plot is given. jersey girl goes to new york to become a song writer. and after initial frustration of having no luck, overhears some girls partying about the $300 each they made last night. she gets an audition at the bar they work at and surprise! the place is completely full of "two year old toddlers" bursting at the sight of babes dancing.the story is not bad and some characters are likeable, especially cammie (the "fashion coordinator" part was cute) and the bouncer but let's face it, the drama was horrible and completely laughable from the beginning. violet and her father looked far too ridiculous while they were relating throughout the movie. and check out violet too jamming on that keyboard with the break dancer!for the first time i could think of, how could the production be so terrible? for a brief moment with this movie, hollywood could stand on its two feet and show a new low without any major public outcry without saying, "you were warned!" instead, it seems coyote ugly has a purposeful intent on trying to kiss every major rear in the world. advertising babes in a bar, but showing a paper thin "pursue your dream" story disappointed every male teen you targeted!and finally, the music. there was absolutely no break of music i found in this movie, especially when it was needed (the hospital scene). every scene felt like some short music video you just wish would stop until the bar opened. but the climax was an ultimate laugher: an '80s like song you would expect cyndi lauper to jump on the stage and jam with violet. heck, i personally thought bon jovi was going to jump out with the long hair and jam too!other than some really smart camera work with the coyote girls when dancing (especially the wet scene), and a couple cute cliches, coyote ugly is something to be purely embarrassed about. whether you watched or made it, it looked like nothing but time killing. or wasting depending on how you look at it.

wow. i don't even really remember that much about this movie, except that it stunk.the plot's basically; a girl's parents neglect her, so this sicko pokemon pretends to be her dad. am i the only one disturbed by that? then, this weirdo pokemon kidnaps ash's mom to pretend to be the girl's. i don't care if he was trying to make the girl happy, that's just gross.there was no real plot. the girl was just a whiny brat who wanted things her own way. she played with unowns, was the "daughter" of entei and apparently could grow and shrink in age on a whim with the help of her "dad".that's pretty much all i can remember, but i think you can take it as a hint, and not see it. (or if you do see it, don't expect much.) 1 out of 10.seriously. if you want a pokemon movie, rent "pokemon; the first movie".

this third pokemon movie is too abstract for younger kids to follow and too repetitious to entertain older kids. the message of the film-- about dealing with loss-- is subverted by the return of the young girl's father during the film's credits. team rocket provide some amusement, but they're not really part of the small plot, so they don't appear very often.

pokemon 3 is little more than three or four episodes of the tv series, strung together without the usual commercials. the story is typical of pokemon (conflict, fighting, and a resolution where all are happy in the end), and there is nothing original or unusual in the animation. some of the holes in the plot are filled in (over the closing credits!) without explanation, and everything is just a bit too sweet.why see it on the big screen? the only reason is to be a part of your child's world. both of my sons enjoy pokemon, and by my showing an interest in what they like, we are closer. seeing a film in a theatre is still different than seeing it on the tube, and my sons enjoy the full movie-going experience. i gave the movie a 4, mostly from my children's point of view.

there's a group of fox tv executives sitting around a boardroom table wondering what new show to commission. 'how about aiming for something like 24 or the west wing?' says one of them, but they all agree it would be too expensive, and cheap tv is less likely to harm the station if it flops. 'well, how about getting together some great comedy writers and doing a quality sitcom?' offers another and is fired on the spot. 'don't you know good writers cost lots of money!' the big chief barks. 'that's why we invented reality tv.''we could do yet another crime drama...' suggests a man in a bland suit. 'i'm listening...' the boss replies, suddenly interested. 'people like csi, so let's do another copy of that,' blandman adds.'but there are already far too many csi clones out there, what can we do to make ours stand out?' a naive junior enquires and is sacked instantly. 'stand out! if we do that people may be confused! let's give them more of what they already like!' the big chief screams. 'let's just add more violence and make it really grisly, we are fox after all,' another suit suggests to a hearty reply of 'now you're getting it', from the big chief. 'we could make them the deviant crimes unit,' he goes on to add, clearly on a roll. 'by jove, he's got it!' the big chief laughs, 'and the victims could be beautiful and vulnerable women who wear very little on screen.' 'well that would certainly distract people from the average acting and poor scripts,' blandman points out. 'then it's settled, we just need a name,' the big chief announces. 'we could call it sex cops violence?' 'too literal, how about killer instinctit conveys violence, but sounds a bit like basic instinct which had lots of sex.' 'puuurfect', the big chief replies and then they all slap each other on the back and go and cancel arrested development.

i just saw this movie (mainly because brady corbet is in it), and i must say that i was not pleased. of course, the computer graphics were amazing, but the story line needed a little touch-up. also, i think this movie would have done much better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated pg-13. that would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. what would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of brady corbet on the thunderbirds poster! even though the movie had it's down points, i still saw it and thought it was okay!

i am very sorry to say this but "thunderbirds" does not even come up with a loud pop, never mind any thunder. at one stage i gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema, i stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve. i was to be disappointed, it did not get any better, it got worse if that is at all possible. had i gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a "spoof" i would still have been let down. they had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, they have totally wasted that opportunity. bill paxton and sir ben kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and jonathan frakes well what can i say, he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth. i saw this film at a pre-release showing, i had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. to say i was disappointed would be something of an understatement. one final thing i will say about the film was the puppets in the tv shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film.

i was one of those "few americans" that grew up with all of gerry andersen's marvelous creations. thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action/adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.i expected it to be a romp, but i did not expect it to aim at such a low age group. like lost in space, this could have been both visually stunning and exciting. it should have focused on more action/adventure and the goal of the original series... saving people in trouble.instead, it focused on alan saving the day instead of his brothers (who were cast too young anyway vs. the original). the breakout part was lady penelope and parker. i didn't care too much for the characters in the original, but i was grateful for them in the movie. they stole the show!i always enjoyed thunderbirds more for the high-tech than the stories, and even that did not get enough screen time as far as i was concerned. i would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.but then, i'm just a big kid... ;)

i was one of those "few americans" that grew up with all of gerry andersen's marvelous creations. thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action/adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.i expected it to be a romp, but i did not expect it to aim at such a low age group. like lost in space, this could have been both visually stunning and exciting. it should have focused on more action/adventure and the goal of the original series... saving people in trouble.instead, it focused on alan saving the day instead of his brothers (who were cast too young anyway vs. the original). the breakout part was lady penelope and parker. i didn't care too much for the characters in the original, but i was grateful for them in the movie. they stole the show!i always enjoyed thunderbirds more for the high-tech than the stories, and even that did not get enough screen time as far as i was concerned. i would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.but then, i'm just a big kid... ;)

this film is just a kids against evil genre. thunderbirds is just the hook to get people to see it, but are almost incidental in use. the fact that the action takes place on tracy island is just a ploy to pull in the public. it was interesting to note what the film makers view of future london will be and how the world all fits together.the best part of this film are some of the lines delivered by lady penelope which are highly comical. these provided some light relief for those expecting a rerun of the tv series.having said that it passes 90 or so minutes in a 'fun' way and so may just be worth watching.

to say that thunderbirds is a horrid, forced, in-your-face, ugly looking, nasty to listen to and painful to watch film wouldn't be saying enough. there are only two reasons i can think of why you'd watch this film: 1; you've seen thunderbirds when you were young (like i did) and are curious as to what it is like but you will really only be watching to find out how badly they screwed things up. or, 2; you're seeing it with someone under ten years old.thunderbirds manages to cock up everything it attempts. the list goes on and on but there are other more subtle, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. from the off, thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. the whole moral message and 'goal' is set up in an excruciating way: jeff tracy (a new low for bill paxton) tells his youngest son alan he's not yet proved himself to be a thunderbird after alan randomly and stupidly decided to go down into tracy island's bowels to fire up thunderbird one. the whole film is then a series of events and miss-fires consisting of alan trying to prove himself whilst his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard thunderbird five.the film relies on kid actors to carry the film: a 16 year old alan tracy (corbet), a 16 year old tin tin (hudgens) and a 14 year old fermat (fulton) who is brains' son. to say that watching the 'adventures' they get up to is painful is an understatement. frequently trying to act and utilise the script whilst combating the evil 'hood' (kingsley) in ridiculously unfunny and hammy ways acts as the entertainment for the duration of the film; it only differs when everyone's in a different location. also, the whole 'mind control' thing was very tiresome and basically dragged the film down as it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in the hood  forced and incidental.i know that most 'film's for kids' these days try to integrate some sort of material for adults but in thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishises lady penelope. sophia myles plays penelope and i think it's no coincidence she's a little older than the rest of the kids  at 24 years old, it's almost too good to be true. her scenes are often highly charged and carry an erotic push. we see her in the bath, bubbles up to her neck watching tv; in comes her butler and sneaks a peek as she seductively changes channels with her wet, bare and bubble covered foot. frequent shots of her massive, bright pink high heeled shoes filling the screen during various scenes: this first happens when she is actually tied up with the second happening during a fist fight with another woman! twinned with this, her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough yet cover just enough are particularly outstanding as is the way she moves and talks with that posh, dominant, english accent; sounding like a commanding mistress (well, she is lady penelope after all  and you'd better make sure call her that) the whole thing is laughable but the editing is so quick that the kids won't notice but it sure as hell is there.the actual plot of the hood doing all that he does just to rob a few banks is very bizarre, the characters that are his bodyguards: a geeky looking woman and hard bodied black man who gets agitated a lot. are we supposed to be laughing at this? what about the fight scenes? poorly choreographed stunts and what the hell was with the silly noises? it's utterly, utterly laughable.the list goes on. the way bill paxton plays it all so seriously, like he was told they were doing it one way but it was made another, the way ford motor company have their logo slapped all over the place. news bulletin: sponsored by ford, the camera even moves to endorse ford several times when cars are in shot, the way the cgi looks like something out of a computer game video clip  it's infuriating. the fact we are told to believe that a 16 year old girl can swim in the freezing thames, against the current, rescue a downed monorail (monorail over the thames!?), get back to the hatch and thus; save the day all the time holding her breath. it is absolute bull and the makers know it  i don't even know if a 10 year old would swallow it.in short: avoid, avoid, avoid. thunderbirds is infuriating, unfunny, poorly scripted and even the rolls royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car  everything that could go wrong, did go wrong.

i've been largely convinced to write this review for a number of reasons:1) this is, without doubt, the worst film i've ever seen 2) unless it gets more reviews it will not be listed in the all time worst films list - which it deserves to be 3) i was kinda lucky - i paid five pound for it. i've seen it in shops for 15 pound. don not pay that much for this film! you will be very angry 4) there are a lot of films out there in the horror genre that are not given a fair rating (in my opinion) and giving this film a higher rating than them is criminalthe plot summary: a guy with no friends meets a tramp who promises the world - well, the magic ability to appear to everybody else like somebody else. our hero cunningly turns into a teenage girl and joins their gang - sitting on swings, baby-sitting. he kills them one by one until he is tracked and found by the police.why is it so bad? to begin with the acting is very very bad. someone else compared it to a school production. no, this is worse than any acting i've seen on a school stage.i've bought a number of these previously banned films from the dvd company vipco and not been as disappointed as i was at this. okay, the acting is bad but the film fails to deliver in every other sense. what was the point in making this film when there isn't even any gore! okay, no gore. what else can a film like this offer? breats? no, not even any titillation!it's true this film may have a certain charm in its unique naffness but any potential buyer/watcher of this film should be fairly advised that this film is, at best, worth only one out of ten.

i've seen a movie thats sort of like this, were a transsexual drugs woman and he then picks there nose with a knife and rips there nose to peaces. he then slices there tongue and eats it.the most gruesome part of the movie is were he cuts there left eye out and starts dancing with it. he then starts to eat the woman naked.(i'm not sure what the movies called but i know it's a cult movie and that it was made in germany).anyway the nose picker is fairly crap.its a crap movie and the picture and volume quality is very rubbish.please don't waste you're time buying and watching this movie its totally crap.i prefer day of the woman also known as i spit on your grave (its one of the best cult movies ever) check out this link http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077713/

sometimes a film comes along that is unique. the nostril picker is one such film, the nostril picker is like no other film i have ever seen, unfortunately for the nostril picker & myself it's unique for different reasons than what the filmmakers had originally intended. read on & all shall hopefully become clear... the nostril picker, as it's commonly know although it was apparently filmed under the title the changer, starts with some extremely dull shots of an american town somewhere, streets & factory's that sort of thing, as the opening credits play. when the nostril picker begins proper we, the viewer that is, are introduced to a real loser named joe bukowski (carl zschering) who is in his 40's, he lives on his own in a crappy little apartment where he watches t.v., eats beef flavoured dog food & listens to old vinyl records as he dances with a blow up rubber sex doll. joe likes teenage girls, he has various porn magazines but enjoys the real thing even more. however, being an ugly git joe can't tempt any young ladies to go out with him, or do anything else with him for that matter. one fateful day an old homeless vietnam vet (horace grimm) sees the agony & pain that joe has to go through (actually he sees joe being spoken to by the cops for hassling a teenage girl) & decides to help him out. he tells joe about an incantation that he learned from the 'gooks' in vietnam that will transform joe's appearance into whatever he likes. a process he calls morphosynthesis, but at the same time he warns joe that 'it makes you crazy if you do it too much'. that night joe decides to give it a try, in a public place on a podium for some reason. joe says a few words, does an extremely silly dance & starts yodelling. joe finishes off by whistling london bridge is falling down, listen yeah, i ain't making this up either. at first joe is visibly disappointed when nothing significant happens. to console himself joe tries to buy a porn mag but is shocked when the clerk (kevin devoy) refuses to sell it to an underage girl. joe, the bright spark that he is, realises what has happened & talks his/her way out of it by claiming his/her dad had sent him/her to buy it. joe, who now calls his alter-ego josephine (ann flood), senses the possibilities & heads straight for the local high school. joe befriends four teenage girls, jennifer armstrong (laura cummings), crisi stroud (gail didia), tracy harper (heidi m. gregg) & brenda kearn (aimee molinaro) while under his disguise, oh & joe manages to become a pupil at the school simply by asking the sports teacher miss van dyke (vicki hollis). at first joe seems harmless enough, he just likes to hang around the girls toilets & stuff like that. but things soon change as joe brutally murders brenda. jennifer's dad, vince armstrong (edward tanner) is a detective so along with his partner ed simpson (clyde surrell) & walt spencer (bruce alden) the pathologist is determined to catch the sicko responsible for killing his daughter's friends, but will they succeed before joe strikes again? the imdb listing for the nostril picker is wrong, i watched it mere hours ago & it clearly states that it's directed by mark nowicki who was also a co-producer & definitely not patrick j. matthews who was credited as a co-producer & the cinematographer, not that it makes much difference & i'd have though that nowicki would have been more than happy for matthews to take the 'credit' for making this piece of crap. no one involved in the making of the nostril picker should be allowed to go anywhere near a camera again, ever. the nostril picker is easily one of the worst films i've ever seen, & that's saying something. it's absolutely terrible in every possible way imaginable. the script by steven hodge is atrocious, there's no narrative structure, excitement, tension, drama, character development & the things that do happen are so mind numbingly dumb it's untrue. the plot devices & chain of events in the nostril picker are totally incomprehensible. the scene where joe finds out the prostitute (steven andrews) he hired is in fact a man & joe starts to chase him around his apartment with two squirting dildo's is simply jaw dropping stuff. the subsequent scene when the transvestite reports the incident to the police is hilariously written & had me psychically laughing at the dialogue. i hated the ending as well, not only was it predictable but it leaves the door open for a sequel, i psychically shudder at the mere thought! on a technical level the nostril picker is awful, point & hope photography, bland & inappropriate music, forgettable locations, poorly edited (brenda is killed in the kitchen yet her blood splashes on the t.v. screen that was clearly in the opposite room), some of the worst acting i've sat through & very unimpressive special effects which consist of a few cut off rubber fingers, a slit throat & a quick scene where joe eats some flesh. it comes as no surprise that the cast & crew who worked on the nostril picker have virtually no imdb credits for anything before or after. even at 76 odd minutes the nostril picker is far to long & really boring to sit through. i could go on & on all day long about how bad the nostril picker is, i really could. one thing i can't quite work out is was all this intentional by the filmmakers? the nostril picker is indeed a unique film, unique in it's awfulness & incompetence. in the the case of the nostril picker i hope it remains unique too, having said that it's still not the worst film i've ever seen but it comes close that's for sure. definitely one to avoid.

back in 1985 i caught this thing (i can't even call it a movie) on cable. i was in college and i was with a high school friend whose hormones were raging out of control. i figured out early on that this was hopeless. stupid script (a bunch of old guys hiring some young guys to show them how to score with women), bad acting (with one exception) and pathetic jokes. the plentiful female nudity here kept my friend happy for a while--but even he was bored after 30 minutes in. remember--this was a high school boy! this was back before nudity was so easy to get to by the internet and such. we kept watching hoping for something interesting or funny but that never happened. the funniest thing about this was the original ad campaign in which the studio admitted this film was crap! (one poster had a fictional review that said, "this is the best movie i've seen this afternoon!"). only grant cramer in the lead showed any talent and has actually gone on to a career in the business. no-budget and boring t&a. skip it.

scotty (grant cramer, who would go on to star in the great b-movie "killer klowns from outer space") agrees to help three middle-aged guys learn how to 'dialog' the ladies in this bad '80's comedy. not bad as in '80's lingo, which meant good. bad as in bad. with no likable characters, including, but not limited to, a kid who's the freakiest looking guy since "friday the 13th part 2"' a girl who leads men on and then goes into hissy fits when they want to touch her, and the token fat slob, because after all what would an '80's sex comedy be without a fat slob?? well this one has two. this movie is pretty much the bottom of the barrel of '80's sex comedies. and then came the sequel thus deepening said proverbial barrel.my grade:d- eye candy: too numerous to count, you even see the freaky looking kid imagined with boobs at on point, think "bachlor party" but not as funny, and very disturbing.where i saw it: comcast moviepass

this was a less than exciting short film i saw between features on turner classic movies recently. while the film popped out due to its very intense technicolor, the film itself just wasn't that moving and at times the plot looked pretty cheesy--like this was made for classroom use and capturing the attention of a wider audience wasn't even a consideration. in particular, i really hated how many times in the film things were reiterated--such as when the characters talked to her, they usually said "clara barton" instead of "ma'am", "miss barton" or "clara". plus, one sickly confederate soldier said that he was a "johnny reb, a confederate a rebel,..."--almost like he was the cartoon character mojo jojo from the powerpuff girls. this was just sloppy writing--period.it was interesting to see john hamilton (later, "perry white" on the superman tv show) in a beard as president garfield. yep--it's him under that beard.

the character of tarzan has been subjected to so many clichés, and so many bad interpretations, that those who are hoping for a different kind of version (people like me, i mean, who liked the tarzan books as a kid and have always wished for a movie version that followed the books just a little) ought to know how the recent renditions stack up. some of the imdb reviews address this point, but here's my $.02i am aware of only two--count 'em--cinema depictions of tarzan, namely greystoke with christopher lambert and the disney animated version, that try to depict edgar rice burrough's rather interesting character (the son of a marooned english noble couple, picked up after their death by a tribe of apes who raise him as one of themselves, and who becomes "lord of the jungle" because of his superior human intellect before making it back to england and claiming his other identity) rather than the usual hollywood jungle-man whose origin remains obscure and whose trademarks are his famous yell, his mysterious inability to speak proper english despite long exposure to people who know the language, his habit of swinging on vines, his strength, heroism, etc. about the only thing these two characters have in common are the name tarzan and the fact that they both have a wife named jane. ron ely's tv version is something of a compromise: like burroughs' character, he speaks good english and is adept and suave in both cultures in a sort of jamesbondish way, but he's no lord greystoke and there's no jane.well, this film is in a third category of tarzan films, and i hope it remains a category of one because it's awful. this category uses the character as a vehicle for, of all things, soft porn. jane, played by legendarily bad actress bo derek is in africa looking for her dad the absent-minded professor who is combing the jungle looking for something which is never specified. though her dad is supposed to have been missing for a long time, she finds him effortlessly. richard harris as the dad is the best thing here; he sees the film is stupid so he has fun overacting and hamming in a way that reminds me of peter o'toole's deliberately silly performance in what's new pussycat. dad explains the legend of tarzan ("some sort of ghost or spirit" he says--either a steal from, or an inartistic attempt at homage to, king kong) to his daughter, who is at this point unfamiliar with the ape-man. shortly afterward, we hear the infamous cliché of the tarzan yell. dad dies, which oddly doesn't seem to faze his devoted daughter very much. and then.....then tarzan appears, but says nothing. indeed, he says nothing during the entire film. he and jane fall in love, and they romp around wearing almost nothing as she recites doggerel love-poetry off-screen. the end. that's the plot. well, not exactly; there's also a scene where tarzan wrestles unrealistically with a boa constrictor--a most unusual boa, since it's the only poisonous one ever seen. jane treats the bite with the aid of a chimp who helps by wringing out the garment she tears off to bind the wound with (i'm not making this up!), and this is only one of many excuses for her to take her clothes off.i always like to conclude a review by saying something positive, but this time it's hard. let's see... well, it's unfair to criticize this film for featuring an orangutan, even though we all know orangutans don't live in africa; after all, the classic tarzan movies all used indian elephants, did they not? also, you have to admit that bo derek is pretty in face and form. (but in that case why the hell didn't she just make a career as an art model? what does it say about a movie when it becomes plain boring to look at a pretty woman? i actually haven't decided whether it's a positive or a negative that they never showed her crotch.) but now i realize: try as i may, i can't end on a positive note. see this film if you're a bad film buff. i'm outa here.

bo derek might have had a career had she not let her late husband, john, take over as her director. it's a real shame, no really, with the right direction and the right part (see "10"), bo was okay. she wouldn't win any awards even at her best, but she is no worse than many an actress who has made it big in the past 15 years or so based on looks alone. but therein lay the problem, john was determined to ride the wave that bo created with her appearance in 10, that of bo being the "perfect 10," "the hottest woman in america," "the sex symbol of the 1980s." problem is, in john's hands, this wave crashed with a resounding thud in only a few year's time. maybe he knew her limitations as an actress, perhaps that is why he fashioned movies for her that concentrated on her body, not her acting skills. but it got old real quick. it didn't help matters any that the films of john and bo derek are (let's be honest) really, really bad. and bad sums up their take on edgar rice burrough's literary icon, the lord of the jungle, tarzan of the apes.you know what's worst? this film is boring! make me laugh, make me cry, just don't bore me. not even bo's stunning looks and figure can rouse any interest, and that is what the film is of course built around. richard harris (god bless his soul, he and bo were previously in orca btw) hams it up and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and miles o'keefe makes a physically impressive tarzan. maybe he got the last laugh, after being hit with a ton of venom from the critics over this film, miles went on to a solid career as a b movie icon, in films that were not great art, but a million times more fun than this one. but other than that, it's bo's body,and you can only see it so many times before you long for something else to go with it. tarzan the ape man has nothing else. john derek was a truly dynamic actor, he was not a director. he should have stayed with his strength. this film unfolds at a mind numbingly slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes. burrough's tarzan was all about excitement and wish fulfillment (who wouldn't want to be as agile, strong and good looking as lord greystoke?) and fun! you get none of that here. watch it, and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life. on second thought, you may come away with a valuable lesson, how not to handle someone's movie career. bo derek is all right in my book though. she stood by john until his dying day, has a true love of animals and nature and even looks back with a giggle at her time in the spotlight. she has also proven that she is not the dumb blonde many want her to make her out to be. if she could survive tarzan and bolero, she can survive anything. so come back bo, all is forgiven.and as an aside, is the steve strong who plays the bad guy the same steve strong who a brief pro wrestling career?

i can't say this is the worst movie ever made, but personally i think of it that way because when it was originally released in theaters, (1) the initial buzz was positive enough that my girlfriend insisted we go see it, and we actually stood in line to get tickets, and (2) it's still the only "serious" film i recall where the audience started snickering at a certain point and basically laughed at the movie the rest of the way through. once we reached the infamous (and interminable) snake fight scene, i think everyone gave up.the only positive i can concede is the lush location shooting. oh, and there's also bo's breasts, although her acting is so wooden that the nudity is unerotic and doesn't rate much more than a playboy pictorial.the "dramatic tension" in this film is between bo's terrible acting and her husband's horrible direction. the snake fight has to be one of the most incompetent "action" sequences ever filmed. however, this is one of those films that's bad enough, it may be worth watching on the level of unintentional humor. definitely the worst film i ever paid to see.

this is not a very good telling of the tarzan epic. there was only one reason for this movie. john derek wanted to show off his beautiful wife in the buff! bo derek in '10' was at least a humorous movie and there was a reason for nudity and sex. this movie is nothing more than soft porn. if you're into that, well, then fast forward to it and skip the rest! this movie (like bolero) was again a vehicle for bo derek to show off her terrible acting. she is undoubtedly a beautiful woman but a poster of her is more exciting than this movie! richard harris was a better actor than this; this was one of his few mistakes! don't waste your time on this movie...go buy the book instead.

muscular man-ape in the jungles of africa is hunted by an opportunistic expedition team; the comely daughter of the team's leader finds him first. much-ballyhooed version of the tarzan tale has an ok production, but is crippled by the single-handedly worst direction of a film i have ever seen. john derek is bereft of inspiration beyond cheesy slow-motion action shots and peek-a-boo glimpses of wife bo derek's unclothed body; he has about as much talent behind the camera as ed wood. trying for tongue-in-cheek sexuality, the dereks lack finesse, snappy timing, and taste. they have a sense of self-parody and bravura abandonment (they do throw caution to the winds), but after a promising opening it all goes to hell. miles o'keeffe (who possibly had marbles in his mouth the entire time) has the title role, but plays third fiddle to john derek's ego and bo derek's sense of self-importance. * from ****

there are three kinds of bad films - the cheap, the boring, and the tasteless. the only really bad movies are boring and tasteless. boring films are just, well, boring - if you don't leave quickly enough, you fall asleep.tasteless films actually have their defenders; but the fact remains that they are masturbatory aids for very sick people.only the cheap bad films are really funny, because the filmmakers wanted to make their films so desperately, they way-over-reached beyond their abilities and available resources.bo derek is just naturally boring and tasteless; fortunately, fate and a lack of funds and skill redeem her by making her seem cheap as well. this film is hilarious and it may well be the last really funny-bad film ever made.i first saw this in a theater, may god forgive me; i was laughing so hard i was rolling off my seat, and so too with most of the rest of the audience.it's clear that derek and her husband-promoter, conceived of this film as, partly, a satire; unfortunately, the dereks clearly lacked any of the necessary resources to pull that off; consequently, the 'satirical' element comes off as some school-girl's impression of some gay young man's impression of frank gorshin's impression of the riddler in batman trying to pretend he's robin - it doesn't fly over our heads, it has no clue where any human head might be.on the other hand, there are some supposedly serious moments in this film - it is supposed to be an action film, remember - that are so astoundingly cheesy, one wonders if someone squirted spoiled milk in one's eye.as for derek's infamous tendency to reveal her breasts - i can't imagine a less erotic nudity photographic display, she is so weird looking with those broad shoulders, i can't imagine what any one ever saw in her.as for the plot - such as it is - well, it isn't; derek chases around africa, and god alone knows why. then her father - harris - pretends to act in some maniacal puppet-show, and then of course there's the hunk'o'tarzan that seems to have wondered in from advertisement without knowing that the subject's changed - probably because he hasn't seen a script - apparently no one has.negligible camera work, shoddy editing - if it weren't for the 3-way with the chimp, the film would be unbearable -as it is, it's a real hoot.

this is a re-imagining of tarzan in the era of the soloflex and apocalypse now. there's nothing inherently wrong with using films eased moral constraints to portray an erotic side to the tarzan legend. there's nothing inherently wrong with the premise that tarzan doesn't speak. there's plenty wrong with suggesting a woman who could get herself to an african jungle in 1910, could be this offensively stupid and plastic. bo has as few lines as possible when bodies are explored because this movie is merely a video-centerfold, as neutral as possible so that you can project yourself and your lecherous fantasies into the project. if it succeeds anywhere it's in the implication that national geographic has influenced the way the imagery of a tarzan movie might be constructed.it would be ridiculous to argue that movies shouldn't employ the sexual tease as one of many tools to draw in viewers. some really great film moments incorporate it. but this move is at the opposite end of the spectrum - the tease is the only thing going on here; at the time of its release and now. you sit through awful, dumb scenes that offer no interest, and miles of footage of bad acting to drool over the next peek at either of two bodies. yes... bo derek and miles o'keeffe are beautiful (um, congratulations on having a working libido.) but if that's your excuse for giving this schlock a good rating you really should visit a porn store and stock up. there's only a hairs-breadth difference between the two formats and (i'm just guessing here) a horny viewer would probably really enjoy the latter. the question is whether a mainstream movie is the best venue in the marketplace for viewers to seek out products that satisfy lust alone.as a showman, john derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystique developed over wife bo in the movie "10"; and created a media event out of a shallow project whose only merit was the hotness of the two leads. the movie itself was beside the point. he was about 20 years ahead of his time in thinking audiences would applaud him for making an insipid, shallow movie that was only about showcasing superficiality.as a director, john derek appears to require only that mrs. derek look pleasant, empty and hump-able in every scene. it's hideously shot. the camera placement is annoying. in terms of editing, the entire 'wipe' catalog is exhausted. the credit sequence is garish. and it's a toss-up as to who commits the worse screen offense; bo derek who's such a bimbo that she can't even figure out how to play a bimbo, or richard harris who shouts every line (as he likes to do) until you want to shoot him. at least with bo you can imagine her blaming some horny writer for shortchanging her.

surely one of the most ill-advised remakes of a classic in film history – especially since the promise of its tag-line, “the most beautiful woman of our time in the most erotic adventure of all time”, isn’t even properly exploited! although this film was regularly shown on tv in my neck of the woods since my childhood days, its notoriety (for awfulness not erotic content, mind you) kept me away from it until now – and i only relented because i have recently enjoyed bo derek’s previous film, 10 (1979), and have been watching a lot of fantasy stuff as well over the christmas period.lead actress/producer bo derek is rather ridiculous playing the schoolgirl-ish sexual innocent (witness the inept banana scene) and, as was to be expected, she is made to get her clothes off a few times but, as welcome as these scenes were, she came off as far more sensual in 10 than she does here; richard harris, then, chews the scenery incessantly as jane’s obsessed explorer father, but john philip law barely registers as his aide who meekly shows some initial interest in jane herself; newcomer miles o’keeffe has the title role and he only makes his entrance 45 minutes into the movie, is completely silent throughout except for his famous yodel (which is probably lifted from johnny weissmuller anyway!) and, furthermore, is as inexpressive as one of the trees he dangles from at regular intervals throughout the film’s second half!; for the record, he later starred in two ator movies (or would-be conan imitators) for joe d’amato and the king arthur-era set, sword of the valiant (1984).when still an actor, director john derek (who also serves as his own cinematographer here) had worked with some good film-makers (cecil b. de mille, william dieterle and robert rossen) and a few great ones (otto preminger, nicholas ray and don siegel) but he clearly learned zilch from them as his direction of this one is a major liability: appallingly pretentious at times (witness the perfectly horrid python attack sequence) with a senseless overuse of the slow motion technique and cheesy transitions; this was derek’s seventh film as a director (and his second of four with wife bo) and, eventually, he would only get to make two more.the film’s utter failure only needs to be gauged by the fact that the tarzan legend was tackled once more on film – in greystoke: the legend of tarzan, lord of the apes (which, surprisingly enough, i haven’t watched myself yet) – a mere three years later!! nominated for six razzie awards (including john derek, richard harris and miles o’keeffe) and winning one for bo derek herself, tarzan, the ape man was co-written by gary goddard, the future director of another highly anticipated but ultimately disappointing transposition to the silver screen of a (this time animated) heroic figure, master of the universe (1987) which i will be revisiting presently as well (yay)! despite a charming closing credit sequence showing tarzan and jane playing with around with an orang-utan and a music score that is not half bad actually and quite rousing on occasion, any belated good intentions are defeated by an extremely silly climax involving natives painting bo completely white and, fatally, john derek’s clear disinterest in the character of tarzan himself which makes him come off as an unimportant supporting character in his own self-titled movie!!

when i was a teen-ager seeing this film for the first time, i thought it was one of the best movies ever made. of course, the reason for that is bo derek and her various states of undress in this film. however, now that i'm older, i can honestly say that this film is awful. mind you, bo derek is absolutely incredibly beautiful, and she and husband-director john derek make sure you see plenty of her. but when you take that aspect out of the film, it becomes one big dull ride. and tarzan, well, he's all muscular like you think he should be, but when he sees jane (that's bo, of course) for the first time, he doesn't know what to think. this despite the fact that bo is wearing a wet see-thru shirt, with her breast prominently displayed. tarzan would be the only primitive man on the planet who would have that problem. if you are looking for a movie to slobber over a beautiful naked body, then this might fill the ticket. if you are looking for a thoughtful, entertaining and worth-while film, go elsewhere...almost anywhere else at that!!!

it is a great tragedy that both richard harris and john derek are no longer with us. but that shouldn't blind anybody to the fact that in 1981, a pretty ugly blotch appears on both men's cvs. no doubt john derek conceived this movie doing for his wife what 'some like it hot' and 'one million years bc' did for maryln monroe and raquel welsh respectively, creating an iconic sex symbol for the new decade. having run to embrace dudley moore on the beach in '10' bo's reputation, an all-star cast and location filming in sri lanka meant that nothing could go wrong. alas, as they say, mortals plan and god laughs. it is said that when this film premiered in 1981, the edgar rice burrows estate tried to take legal action against it. bo derek plays jane parker who sets off into turn-of-the century africa to be reunited with her boozy, abusive dad, richard harris. daddy parker is an explorer who has set out to find 'the great inland sea' the stuff of local legend, whose existence has been poo-pooed by conventional wisdom. harris is worth watching for a wonderfully hammy, tanked -up performance which includes singing an irish ditty at an indian elephant that somehow found its way into africa (did it arrive at the same time as the orang-utan from sumatra???) furthermore, although jane professes to despise parker, bo and rich's relationship is creepily incestuous, testimony perhaps to the effects of the tropical heat. before long, however, local legends start to circulate about a 'great white ape' and jane hears the famous yodel. this is the movie's cue for miles o'keefe, a future b-movie star, making a rather odd debut as the loin-clothed lord of the jungle. unlike johnny weismuller with his pidgin english or ron ely who speaks the language fluently, the o'keefe tarzan is mute. given some of bo and richie's dialog, though, this is probably not a bad thing. harris and his caravan eventually reaches the great inland sea, located atop a gigantic plateau that seems to run halfway across africa....hang on, aren't seas, lakes and other watery places generally located in low-lying areas?? nevermind, it is just one of many anomalies in the john derek universe. the crew attempt to mount the cliffs and when the ropes snap, harris roars echoing abuse at the hapless men who have plummeted to their deaths. on another occasion, jane decides to take a nude swim by the inland sea, giving another occasion to see some gratuitous nudity. out of nowhere a single male lion appears. now lions usually travel in prides and never go near beaches but later on, tarzan will be wrestling with a (venomous) boa constrictor. zoology doesn't seem to have been one of john derek's strong points..... this being a tarzan movie, jane becomes enchanted with the lord of the jungle and resolves to take his virginity. but having seen his closeness to some of those chimps, you do have to wonder...speaking of which, it's not only the edgar rice burroughs estate could have sued. it is highly probable that certain primates were on the phone to their lawyers: the chimps here make you miss cheeta badly. especially when they do ridiculous things like ride on the backs of elephants and clap their hands when tarzan and jane finally get it on! the climax of this film has bo and harris captured by some rather stereotypical cannibals who paint our heroine and prepare to sacrifice/eat/execute her. suffice is to say that the great wooden ape gets his girl and *spoiler* harris gets himself impaled on a huge elephant tusk! this doesn't stop the dying parker from delivering a rambling monologue to jane. as far as i am aware, the law suit from the rice burrows estate never materialized but 'tarzan the ape man' was crucified at the box office (no kidding?) a pity. john derek could have directed 'tarzan the ape man 2' with bo derek and miles o'keefe living in domestic bliss and dudley moore as 'boy.'

this is the best film the derek couple has ever made and if you think this is a recommendation then you haven't seen any of the others. there are the usual ingredients: it is just as poorly acted as their other efforts, we can watch bo disrobing or auditioning for wet t-shirt contests quite frequently, the story is just laughably idiotic, and the film takes itself much too seriously. and then: orang utans in africa?but it has a few things going for it. bo looks great, the production values (sets, costumes, etc.) are quite good, and this greatly enhances its camp value. in a strange way it is actually quite funny, simply because it tries to be serious and fails so badly.

for that matter one of the worst films ever made. plot goes as follows. slog through jungle looking areas for 10 minutes or so. have bo go somewhere and strip. slog through the jungle some more. give bo another excuse to strip. back to the jungle. oh look! there's a tarzan looking guy! strip, bo - strip. kill the safari people. tarzan looking guy has a fight scene. saves bo. bo strips. run credits. run credits, run.

as i am from hungary i have heard many people saying better and better things about üvegtigris so far, but actually i don't understand the reason of all the fuss.i liked many points of the movie, some of the quotes really cheered me up, but the stereotyped characters are present again, like in every hungarian film, and the story is also pretty dull. i liked the first half, but then i started to get bored, and then i found the whole film just boring.rudolf péter is good as always, reviczky is brilliant also, but the others are just there... doing nothing.how many years still have to pass for a good hungarian film???

this movie was boring! yes, there are a few funny moments and jokes, but you cannot base a whole movie on that! the characters are too stereotyped, there is no real story - but short episodes with freaky side-characters, who are not freaky enough to make the plot genuine.shame, because most of the actors are acknowledged in hungary, a mystery why they took the roles. this is *not* a new hope for the hungarian film. it was boring, though it was meant to be genuine or unique. they could have tried much more harder than this... 2 out of 10

judging from this film and the strong man, made the same year, i would not place harry langdon at the top of the list of great silent screen comedians. there simply is not enough there. perhaps he was on his way to developing his style but sabotaged himself by taking his first big successes too seriously. in any event, all of his tricks are reminiscent of the greater funny men, but he lacks the acrobatic skills of keaton and the prodigious ingenuity of lloyd. he also undermines his own persona by dressing and walking like chaplin's tramp character. his trademarks are childlike innocence, timidity of approach and a tendency to under-react to calamity by looking perplexed, batting his eyes or touching his pursed lips with the tip of his forefinger. the comedy in langdon's films results from fate throwing various obstacles in his path which he tries to overcome in wimpy or naïve ways or with a minimum of physicality, such as throwing rocks at an approaching tornado to drive it away, propping up a collapsing building with a two-by-four or dodging boulders by lifting a leg so that they roll under him. in this story, about the son of a shoemaker who joins a cross-country walking race to publicize a rival company's footwear, he manages to win by sheer luck. there is nothing here that hasn't been done far better by the big three.

during the early 1980's, kurt thomas was something of a hero in the united states. inevitably, men in his position get offered film roles that exist solely to capitalize on that. i have no idea what thomas was paid to make this film, but i would have to be paid a big heap of money to agree to make a national fool of myself in a motion picture. the film is obviously derived from "enter the dragon," as are most martial arts pictures. only instead of a real martial art, they concoct an absurd new martial art, accurately described by one critic as "a cross between kung fu and break dancing." a gymnast (thomas, of course) is hired to rescue some lady from an impenetrable fortress, yet every room has a prop that is exactly what thomas needs to kick the assistant baddies. of course, he fights his way to the lead villain, and of course they have a fancy-dancy fight, with an ending that will surprise only those who have never seen a marshal arts film. there are touches which nostalgic types will like, particularly the mullet haircuts of thomas and many of the male co-stars have. but the only reason to watch this film is if you have a grudge against kurt thomas, who now wishes he had never set foot on the film set.

kurt thomas in one of the series of gymnast olympic stars turned movie stars movies that mercifully only includes one other..mitch gaylord in american anthem...at least that one had janet jones..this one has...um... a gymnast using his martial arts and his gymnastic skills to save a european country from dictatorship..sure it could happen.. on a scale of one to ten.. a 0

as a kid, my friends and i all believed that gymkata was the most violent, bloody movie ever made. i'm not sure who started that rumor. it was probably born out of the frustration of 10 year olds who weren't allowed to see it for one reason or other. years after gymkata was released, it became a perennial late night cable movie, and as a result, i've been able to make up for lost time. i must have seen scenes from this dreadful excuse for a film over a dozen times, and i can always spot it from 1-2 seconds of screen time. however, aside from the forced coupling of gymnastics and martial arts, the bad dubbing, the stiff dialog, and the outrageously difficult story-line, the film has some things going for it. with all that's bad about the movie visually, the sound is actually pretty entertaining. never before has a punch or kick landed with so little force and so much volume! the canned kung-fu sounds are cheeky, but the slowed and pitched-down music, and the nearly 5 minute slow motion scene are truly weird. the chase through the city of demented, blood-thirsty villagers isn't really tense as much as it is irritating, and there are enough bad wigs and extras who all but look into the camera and wave to make this train-wreck a little fun. could it be headed for cult-classic status? where is mst3k when we need it?

kurt thomas stars as jonathan cabot some kind of a gymnast who trains for a special game which involves being hunted by a group of ninjas, but those ninjas won't stand a chance, especially since cabot is a gymnast! taken as a whole gymkata is one helluva bad movie, the atrocious acting, the god-awful script and really incompetent directing make the quality below human standards, however this movie is so terrible it becomes really, really funny. i mean with dialog such as "i know i'll outsleep them!" or "ha!, your through!" only add to the mock value that gymkata more then obtains. besides it's (wisely) the only movie that has are hero a gymnast who finds things to swing on in the heat of the moment.

the greatest sin in life is being dull, and this movie is crashingly boring. its funny, its left out of his "a life in film" documentary. he goes from a long piece on "stardust memories" and then fast forwards to "zelig". this little piece of cubic zirconia just isn't worth the effort.

i happen to be the director's nephew. it's taken me years to get my hands on a copy of this film and i can confirm that it is indeed one of the worst movies of all time. my uncle doesn't even have a copy of it anymore (i asked). i'm looking forward to bringing him a copy.currently the film's average rating is 1.9/10. as far as i can tell, that should put it somewhere in the mid-30s in the imdb "bottom 100," however with only 206 votes, it hasn't yet placed.it's sad that the film doesn't even get the respect of a bottom 100 title.anyhow, i'm giving copies of the movie to family members this year for holiday gifts. best/worst gift ever?

it seems like anybody can make a movie nowadays. it's like all you need is a camera, a group of people to be your cast and crew, a script, and a little money and walla you have a movie. problem is that talent isn't always part of this equation and often times these kind of low budget films turn out to be duds. the video store shelves are filled with these so called films. these aren't even guilty pleasures, they're just a waste of celluloid that are better off forgotten. troma entertainment is known for making trash cinema, but most of their films are b movie gold. however, some of the films they've put out they had nothing to do with making and some, like 'nightmare weekend,' didn't deserve any form of release at all. pros: the cast members do the best they can with the lousy material. some unintentional hilarity. moves at a good pace (should at 81 minutes).cons: awful writing, which includes putrid dialogue and countless plot holes. poorly lit, especially the night scenes and the ending, which you can't make out at all. doesn't make a lick of sense. badly scored. cheap and very dated effects. total lack of character development and you won't care about anybody. this is supposed to be a horror film, but it's lacking in that area and isn't the least bit scary. nothing interesting or exciting happens. loaded with unnecessary padding.final thoughts: i never expected this to be some forgotten gem, but i never imagined it would be this bad. i don't know if it's the worst film ever made, but it's a definite contender. troma should have let this film rot instead of giving it a release. don't make the same mistake i did and let your curiosity get the best of you.my rating: 1/5

the acting in this movie stinks. the plot makes very little sense, but from what i gathered it's supposed to be about this scientist who develops the ability to turn people's personal items into tiny steel balls that then fly into their mouths and turn them into zombies (or blow their heads up, whichever). and the effects are lousy, too. most of the movie consists of bad music, with the actors dancing equally as badly to the bad music, interspersed with multiple boring sex scenes. this should be one of the worst things ever made, but for one thing. one element of shear brilliance that makes "nightmare weekend" stand above all others. and that special quality is the presence of george.george is the lovable interface device between the scientist's daughter, jessica, and the home computer security system. with his green hair and nose, balding scalp, and heart-shaped mouth, george is the guardian angel/confidant to jessica, who asks him for advice on how to meet guys in one of the most dramatic pieces of dialogue ever captured on celluloid. with his monotone synthesized voice, george tells jessica what percentages of males prefer women in white dresses, and also that hitch-hiking is the third best way to meet guys after discos and bars. of course, little jessica just can't seem to stay out of trouble, causing george to execute "emergency program code: protection jessica", which results in the violent death of jessica's would-be assailant via one of the aforementioned steel balls.kubrick was an utter fool for thinking he could give a computer personality using closeups of a red light. hal should have been represented by our friend george in order to better translate compassion for his eventual demise. the light and sound show at the end of "close encounters"? not bad, but how much better would that movie had been if the means of first communication with the aliens had been george the hand puppet. bishop, data, r2  kitchen appliances next to the almighty george! he might only be in the movie for 8 minutes out of 90, but don't be fooled. this show is all about george. with even that limited amount of screentime, george joins the ranks of such luminous film characters as hollywood montrose, majai, and pappy from "new moon rising" as icons of american cinema. "george to apache"  you are my hero.

recap: ron is about to marry mel. they are deeply and love and certain they are perfect for each other even though they met just a few months ago. todd, ron's brother in law to be is not so happy. he is afraid the marriage is a threat to his cushy job in the family business and decides to arrange ron's bachelor party. but his real plan is to put ron in a compromising situation, get evidence and break ron and mel up.comments: supposed to be a sequel to a comedy classic but it isn't funny at all. it is mostly a pubertal show and a juvenile excuse to show scantily clad women. actually, in a way, it is almost impressive have many you can put in there, because they are everywhere. unfortunately that is also one of the signs of a movie that can't support itself. it simply isn't good enough.it has three redeeming points though, or actually three actors that is worth a better script than this. it is lead actor josh cooke who actually manages to give an impression of some common sense. sara foster i know has more talent than to do movies like this, and emanuelle vaugier seem to have a lot more talent than this movie.what is suspiciously absent are good jokes. actually, bad jokes are rather scarce too. it just isn't funny.3/10

now i recently had the viewing pleasure to watch the hilarious comedy bachelor party, one of my new favorite comedies, laughed until it just hurt type of movies. so i naturally wanted to see the sequel, hoping it would have the same laughs, but instead bachelor party 2: the last temptation is made by the american pie generation where it's tasteless and defeats the hole purpose of the first film. yeah, the first film has nudity, but it doesn't show in every single scene. also the plot is exactly the same from the first, it's not always a complaint with me, but this could have been a little more original. the only thing is that i'm glad that at least no old actors from the original appear in this movie, because it would have been cheesy or really silly looking.ron and melinda are engaged, after only 2 months of dating, everyone is against it. melinda has a rich family, but they're pretty happy with ron, and melinda's brother, todd is scared that ron will take his job. so they go out on a weekend to miami for a bachelor party and todd is going to make sure that he'll trap ron into a picture that will make melinda change her mind about the marriage.bachelor party 2: the last temptation has a couple laughs here and there, but over all fails to deliver what the first film accomplished. these guys, ron's friends, were more obnoxious than likable, except for seth, he was kinda funny. the only likable characters other than seth is ron and melinda, everyone else just more or less gets on your nerves. you wanna watch this film? just watch girls gone wild, it's the same thing only it doesn't try to pretend that it's a film. stick to the original bachelor party, that's the movie that's going to get you in tears of laughter.3/10

i wonder how much this movie actually has got to do with the 1984 movie "bachelor party", starring tom hanks. is this movie even an official sequel? this movie is lacking in every department and you're obviously better off not watching it.for a comedy this movie simply isn't good or funny enough. it relies mostly on the character's their stereotypical assessments, rather then the movie actually features some good, original and funny moments.of course there also is very little story present and the movie nude breast than script pages. you just keep waiting for things to finally start off. there is a main plot line in it somewhere but that one is so terribly unoriginal and gets executed so poorly in the movie that it feels more as if it's something non-existent. i guess there even is a message and moral story in it somewhere but this again is so terribly unoriginal and poorly done in the movie that it simply does not work out.it's basically a typical teenage comedy, with lots of sex jokes and nudity, only without the teenage main characters, which makes the story all the more sad and tasteless. the movie makes some really wrong jokes, that are misplaced for any type of movie.i regret ever watching this.3/10

i had the pleasure of viewing this movie early and i have to say i thought that it was going to be boring and wondered how could they ever improve upon the 1984 version of bachelor party starring tom hanks, which i thought was pretty good...i was right...in all honesty i thought it could have been better...sure there were some funny moments but it just didn't seem to hit the mark with me...the acting was ok and the storyline pretty well follows the original but i think it could have been so much better...this movie i'd say is for teens and the young of heart; full of female bodies, alcohol and sex...it's just another typical run of the mill party movie that has been done over and over again. 4/10 is my vote for this one.

a couple of days after writing about how garbage like mad cows and this filthy earth receive money while ange , duncan and theo are totally ignored i had to sit through yet another british movie * that had me scratching my head as to why it received a single penny . some people may claim that because dead babies is based upon a highly regarded novel it has an in built market but both this filthy earth and mad cows were also adapted from novels and they were an ordeal to sit through as well i had read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high class wasters go to a remote mansion where they're stalked by an internet cult but to be honest this isn't really how the story unravels and anyone expecting friday the 13th meets the shining is going to be bitterly disappointed since 90-95% of the running time is taken up with said characters taking drugs and discussing sex . and what hateful characters they are too . not one of them is likable in any way and within minutes you'll be getting nostalgic for stalin , mao and pol pot hoping that next time someone embarks on communist democide they'll be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia . anything that will signal the end of such decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters in this movie embark upon can only be welcomed not content with giving us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fail to connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things further by getting all clever and arty . no doubt that is to impress us so we will fall upon our knees and cry " oh my god , what a wonderful director the way he bamboozles us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless pleb will fail to appreciate what a god given talent this man is " . i'm sure the vast majority of people either screamed " how come my projects got turned down while crap like this didn't ? " or " wtf was the last half hour of this piece of crap all about ? " you might defend the movie by saying the original source novel was unfilmable and this makes the film unwatchable . i will agree that this movie is unwatchable * i know the imdb classes this as an american movie but the style and faults with dead babies is uniquely british . americans might think they've got things tough with bush but we've got tony blair , not to mention dead babies , mad cows and this filthy earth . no wonder everyone is ashamed to be british in the 21st century

i would rather have 20 root canals than go through this film again. the prince of annoying, myles berkowitz, has wasted nearly two hours of my life with this piece of cynical pseudo-cool. the only amusing thing in this whole mess is mr. samaha's obnoxious off camera patter about tits and ass. berkowitz takes a great concept and grinds it into the dust. it is choppy and badly done, in an apparent effort to make it seem edgy or funny. it is neither. i seldom feel that a movie was a waste of film (or tape), but this one qualifies for that distinction. if a date suggests seeing this film, run.

the film attempts to be a mockumentary--shot in the documentary form but with many obviously scripted parts--but fails in not providing the audience with any characters with which to create the illusion of the mockumentary. also, the film purports to be about finding real love in los angeles, but is nothing more than an uninteresting look at an amateur filmmaker trying to make his first "big movie."

this is not a boring movie, the audience might stay on its chair fascinated by this selfish character, miles berkowitz, both film-maker and actor here. the storyline is simple : after a divorce and ten years of a hollywoodian non-career, the author plays is quest for love in front of the camera. the first question is about how true is all that : what is written, what came by chance ? both answers, "yes" or "no" portrays m.berkowitz as a low average human beeing. if you look for a self-fiction about love like this one, i recommand you to read some independant comic books : chester brown, joe matt...beside of this, i felt quite disappointed to hear so much against my country, france. i know american people usually say that the french are arrogant (that might be true then), etc., and for sure the french (and the whole world) have lots of griefs against america, but why so much hate ? don't think i couldn't like this movie only because of that anyhow.

terminus paradis was exceptional, but "niki ardelean" comes too late. we already have enough of this and we want something new.big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time, not behind. why people see romania only as a postrevolutionary country?we are just born not reincarnated, and nobody gives a s**t anymore about old times. most people dont remember or dont want to remember, and the new generation of movie consumers dont understand a bit. this should be the first day of romanian movie not the final song - priveghi! maybe younger directors should make the move.

yes, he is! ...no, not because of pintilie likes to undress his actors and show publicly their privies. pintilie is the naked "emperor" - so to speak...it's big time for someone to state the truth. this impostor is a voyeur, a brat locked in an old man's body. his abundance of nude scenes have no artistic legitimacy whatsoever. it is 100% visual perversion: he gets his kicks by making the actors strip in the buff and look at their willies. and if he does this in front of the audience, he might eve get a hard-on! did you know that, on the set of "niki ardelean", he used to embarrass poor coca bloss, by telling her: "oh, coca, how i wanna f*** you!"? she is a great lady, very decent and sensitive, and she became unspeakably ashamed - to his petty satisfaction! and, as a worrying alarm signal about the degree of vulgarity and lack of education in romanian audiences, so many people are still so foolish to declare these visual obscenities "works of art"! will anyone have ever the decency to expose the truth of it all?

this guy has no idea of cinema. okay, it seems he made a few interestig theater shows in his youth, and about two acceptable movies that had success more of political reasons cause they tricked the communist censorship. this all is very good, but look carefully: he does not know his job! the scenes are unbalanced, without proper start and and, with a disordered content and full of emptiness. he has nothing to say about the subject, so he over-licitates with violence, nakedness and gutter language. how is it possible to keep alive such a rotten corpse who never understood anything of cinematographic profession and art? why don't they let him succumb in piece?

lulu (louise brooks) works as a typist and is missing something in her life. she enters a miss france contest against the wishes of her boyfriend andre (georges charlia) and she wins. she sets off for the miss europe title leaving her boyfriend behind. she wins again but returns home to andre because he has asked her to. once back together, her life becomes mundane again so one night she writes a note to him and leaves to experience the fame that is waiting for her as miss europe. andre follows her.....this film is a silent film with a piano music-track all the way through. it is also sped-up so everything seems fast. limited dialogue has been added on afterwards and it is very phony. the cast are alright bearing in mind that it is a silent film. the best part of the film comes at the end but the story goes on a little too long. after watching this, i'm not really sure what the big deal was over the looks of louise brooks - she has a terrible haircut that makes her face look fat. i don't need to watch it again.

couldn't believe it! clipped sentences? good grief! know what? all true! real people ever talk like this? don't think so. good girl! stout fellow! stiffen upper lip! only reason given movie 2 instead of 0 gary cooper such a dish. movie as a whole ridiculous unless you like watching endless biplane dogfights. seemed endless, anyway. think all franchot tone's dialogue dubbed. when crawford and young make a special effort to sound british they come over as irish. handy tip - we brits clip words, not sentences. and somehow we manage to draaaaaaaawl at the same time. but that's only if we've been to a really good public (that's private to you) school.

my wife and i thought that with this cast and director, the movie would have to be at least worth watching. we were wrong. in fact, we gave up on it after 45 minutes. the idea that crawford, young and tone are british but speak with american accents was, for me, impossible to get past -- hard to believe this is england when no one talks with a british accent. there is zero chemistry between crawford and anyone, and to echo a previous comment, the idea that cooper and crawford suddenly declare their love for one another without any reason is ludicrous. there is no reason to care about any of the characters, which is why we threw in the towel halfway through. i found it hard to believe that hawks directed this, as none of the actors spoke with the trademark hawksian rat-a-tat delivery. so save your time, and skip this one.

in what would be his first screenplay, based on his own short story "turn about," william faulkner delivers a bizarre story of loyalty, sacrifice, and really strange relationships. the story originally was about only the tone, young, and cooper characters, but mgm needed to put joan crawford in another picture to fulfill her contract, and faulkner obliged by creating a female role. crawford insisted that her lines be written in the same clipped style as her co-stars' young and tone, leading to much unintentional hilarity as these three communicate in a telegraph-like shorthand that sounds like a monty python sketch ("wuthering heights" performed in semaphore). seriously, the almost entirely pronoun-less sentences make ernest hemingway read like henry james.the film also reflects some familiar faulkner themes, with an almost unnaturally close relationship between brother and sister (as may be found in his "sanctuary," and elsewhere). when young proposes to crawford, in tone's presence, in lieu of an engagement ring all three exchange their childhood engraved rings with one another. the closeness of tone and young is also noticeable, especially as they go off to their thelma & louise fate. frankly, it's creepy.not as creepy to this new yorker, however, as the recurring theme of the massive cockroach, wellington, which crawford cheerfully catches (and which is shown gamboling over her hands--i had to turn away!) and young turns into a gladiator. blech.that being said, there are some nice performances. young is particularly engaging in a scene where he's taken up in cooper's fighter plane, and roscoe karns is delightful as cooper's flying buddy. tone, despite his inability to express himself through realistic dialogue, has a nice moment, dashing away his own furtive tears over his buddy young's fate. crawford, stripped of meaningful dialogue as well, mostly comes across as either wooden or melodramatic, which is quite a balancing act for one role.the battle scenes--not surprisingly, for a howard hawks film--are the most exciting part of the entire picture. but not enough. as far as i'm concerned, this is 75 minutes of my life i'm never going to get back.

worst. movie. ever.what was the purpose of filming this remake (aside from turning it into a 90-minute informercial for the movie's soundtrack)? zombies that *run*??? i guess the director never watched the original "dead" films, which show stiff-limbed (from rigor mortis) creatures shuffling/shambling toward their living prey.and how, exactly, did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed steve?1/10

what the hell is this? its one of the dumbest movies i've seen. i don't understand why people on this site love it so much. its senseless &nudity for no reason. its worst then resident evil. i strongly don't recomend it unless you want to watch chessy, bad acting crap. watch real horor movies such as stephen king's it, the shining, jurassic park(kinda horor), jaws, etc. leave this crap for a rental when there is nothing else to rent. it is bad as crudy vs gayson. attack of the killer tomatoes is better then this crap.oh wow flesh eating zombies. how many damn zobie movies do we need. skip this one.* outta ****

just don't bother. i thought i would see a movie with great supspense and action.but it grows boring and terribly predictable after the interesting start. in the middle of the film you have a little social drama and all tension is lost because it slows down the speed. towards the end the it gets better but not really great. i think the director took this movie just too serious. in such a kind of a movie even if u don't care about the plot at least you want some nice action. i nearly dozed off in the middle/main part of it. rating 3/10.derboiler.

the plot is about a female nurse, named anna, is caught in the middle of a world-wide chaos as flesh-eating zombies begin rising up and taking over the world and attacking the living. she escapes into the streets and is rescued by a black police officer. so far, so good! i usually enjoy horror movies, but this piece of film doesn't deserve to be called horror. it's not even thrilling, just ridiculous.even "the flintstones" or "kukla, fran and ollie" will give you more excitement. it's like watching a bunch of bloodthirsty drunkards not being able to get into a shopping mall to by more liquor. the heroes who has locked themselves in, inside the shopping-mall to avoid being eaten by the hoodlums outside, are not better either. even though they doesn't seem to be drunk, they give the impression of being mentally disabled. save your money instead of spending it on this!

what a horrible movie. i cannot believe i wasted 90 mins of my life watching this re-make. please tell me why ving rhames and mehki pfifer starred in this film? mehki pfifer is great in e.r and ving rhames probably didn't know what he was doing. i feel terrible for them. the music background i must say did not fit at alllll with the story and it's amazing how you can find these directors who have absolutely no lives in creating a well and balanced film. i hope that in the future no director as horrible as this one was, could ever distroy such a great classic film. this film should not have been made in the first place. an advice to everyone who has seen it, please tell me that i'm right because i couldn't possibly be the only viewer who did not enjoy it.boooooo!!!!!!!! -10 out of 10.

when i went and saw this movie, i had great expectations. but i had so wrong. this movie was exactly as every other horror movies. it's a virus, zombies etc. exactly as resident evil and many, many other movies. but the difference with this, and other movies, is that the story is very week. it's bad actors and boring music. the photo is ok but the rest is total crap. don't see this "horror" movie, go and see the ring 2 or any other movie who's much more of a story. i hope they will stop making horror movies who has a virus and the virus spread and make people to zombies. we have seen enough of that. the only good thing in the movie is when they are standing at a roof and shoot famous, infected celebrities.

funny how many of the people who say this is far superior to romero's version tend to be very young (judging by their other posts). what we have here is a slick, action packed, gory and "whoopee" filled 2 hour mtv video. frantic editing, pop-video camera work, "cool" music blah blah blahactually it ain't bad compared to other recent remakes (chainsaw massacre was a total disaster)... pretty good acting all round, totally predictable in the "who will die next" stakes and a total cash in on the dawn of the dead name that will generate plenty of revenue alone by fans of the original who will go and see it out of curiosity...don't remakes of classics get on your nerves? can they really not come up with something original? why remake dawn of the dead? the things that made the original special (the middle segment kids think is so boring is supposed to be slow to show how when you get everything you ever wanted you still ain't happy) are totally missing. this is an action flick, plain and simple. the faster the better. if you are into action flicks (and as this, the 2004 version is well done) fair enough, but for anyone who likes a little substance to their films... get ready to sigh (again)...watch the cinemas over the next few years as we get the godfather series remade by whoever the most fashionable pop director is at the moment, and star wars remade, with all the kids saying how the new version is miles better cos the old version is slow and boring and holds a camera shot for more than 5 seconds...not bad, but in 10 years they will still be discussing the romero version, not this pap

if the term itself were not geographically and semantically meaningless, one might well refer to "ned kelly" as an "australian western." for the people down under, ned kelly was, apparently, a folk hero bandit akin to robin hood, jesse james, bonnie and clyde, and butch cassidy and the sundance kid. the descendant of irish immigrants, kelly became a fugitive and an outlaw after he was falsely accused of shooting an australian law officer, a crime for which his equally innocent mother was put into prison. to get back at the government for this mistreatment, kelly, his brother dan, and two other companions, became notorious bank robbers, winning over the hearts of many people in the countryside while striking a blow for justice in a land where irish immigrants were often treated with disrespect and disdain by those who ran the country.perhaps because we've encountered this "gentleman bandit" scenario so many times in the past, "ned kelly" feels awfully familiar and unoriginal as it pays homage to any number of the genre's stereotypes and clichés on its way to the inevitable showdown. ned is the typical heart-of-gold lawbreaker who kills only when he is forced to and, even then, only with the deepest regret. he also has the pulse of the common folk, as when, in the middle of a bank robbery, he returns a valuable watch to one of the customers, after one of his gang has so inconsiderately pilfered it. what movie on this particular subject hasn't featured a scene like that? it's acts of selective generosity like this, of course, that earn him the love and respect of all the little people who come to secretly admire anyone who can get away with sticking it to the powers-that-be and the status quo. geoffrey rush plays the typical bedeviled law enforcer who feels a personal stake in bringing down this upstart troublemaker who keeps getting away with tweaking the establishment. there's even the inevitable episode in which one of the ladies being held up goes into the next room and has sex with one of the robbers, so turned on is she by the romantic derring-do of the criminal lifestyle. and the film is riddled with one hackneyed scene like this after another.heath ledger fails to distinguish himself in the title role, providing little in the way of substance to make his character either interesting or engaging. it doesn't help that he has been forced to provide a droning voice-over narration that underlines the sanctimoniousness and pretentiousness of both the character and the film."ned kelly" might serve a function of sorts as a lesson in australian history, but as an entertainment, it's just the same old story told with different accents.

life is really too short for movies like this. i knew it couldn't be good when i realized what i'd already suspected - that david schwimmer would be playing the exact same type of person he plays in 'friends'.let's face it, either the guy can't play anything but a nerd or he is never offered any other parts. i have a feeling that it's a mixture of both.and i have to say that it is extremely difficult to like a movie that utterly wastes the considerable talents of gwyneth paltrow, barbara hershey, toni collette and carol kane!!!

the interplay between the characters is a moral disaster. you end up disliking most of the characters and you don't particularly like any of them.even the two main characters played by david and gwen are so badly written that you really don't care one bit about them. the movie has no plot, no direction and no purpose. the single redeeming quality of the movie was to treat it as a glimpse into the messed up lives of a few losers - and that's hardly stimulating even as an afternoon waste.

this film is advertised as a clever romantic comedy. it is neither clever nor romantic and it is definitely not an effective comedy. the fortunes of the well meaning yet pathetic character, "tom", oscillate from one extremely embarrassing disaster to another. the only saving graces are the competent performance by toni collete and the frequency with which we glimpse paltrow's pleasant face. overall, to be avoided!

some 25 year olds behave like teenagers, coping with the death of a high-school mate, trying to find their purpose in live and love. the script is so lame that i had to force myself to even finish this movie. stay away from it. 1/10

you can call this one a flop, and that's a very big one too! quality isn't associated with the words national lampoon, but at least the vacation and animal house entries were fun, but this offering has got to be their most inane feature to date that i've watched. ugh! the three piece story crazily attempts to parody the clichés and stereotypes that flooded hollywood genre films, which turns out to be completely unfunny and boorish dross."growing yourself." - jason a corporate lawyer decides to quit his job and split up with his wife so they both can grow and do what they always wanted to do. that's life, as jason sees it and he takes over looking after the children, but his decision to follow this path might not be the right one.talk about leaden, boring and stiff. there only real interest is the small performance of the lovely diane lane. the satirical element here seems to be pointing out something than actually just delivering it. the silly humour is strained, flat and particularly senseless. peter riegert's keeps it very deadpan in the lead role and teresa ganzel bubbles along in her role."success wanters" - after just finishing collage dominique corsair gets a job as a stripper and is rape with some butter by the dairy company presidents. for payback she becomes interested in the margarine industry and virtually works her way to the 'very" top.probably the best one of the three, but the competition wasn't too great. the gags seem to want go more subtle with its sexual and power orientated tone, but still they do feel more tacky and forced. the idea had something promising and inventive to build on, but the languid pacing begins to wear thin by the end and disastrous dialogue don't do it any favours at all. the humour tries, but more often doesn't come off, despite the hunger. the seductively ann dusenberry is pretty cold and manipulative throughout (well after the painful ordeal) and likes to gracefully bare it all quite a bit. even the skimpy stripper outfit seems to get full workout for the opening half of the story. popping up in amusing minor cameos ranged from dick millar, mary woronov, olympia dukakis, fred willard, robert culp and a favourite turn by joe spinell."municipalians" - a serial killer who leaves copies of his driver's licence behind after each murder, is being tracked down by an enthusiastically naive rookie cop and his old grizzled partner. however the young cop learns that being tough is the only way to go, when the pair encounter one situation after another.stupid! oh yeah. sure if you're going to spoof something extremely over-the-top, make sure laughter will stream off it. obviously they forgot that! even at its 30 minutes running, boy does it drag! robby benson's gratingly mock performance got rather overbearing with a wearied richard widmark doing very little as his partner. christopher lloyd underplays the role of serial killer, but his creepily wry and sympathetic performance works well and pretty much shows up the other leads. elisha cook jr., rhea perlman and harry reems appear. when the jokes come, they truly feel out of sync and get rather stale with its repetitiveness of making fun of these cop clichés.in all, the idiotic material laced with its skits comes across as disposable, and the unbearable script is basically inept and witless. only one or two few gags make it out each segment, but really there's too many cheap stinkers or plain misses which stick in your head. this is because it virtually becomes what it's trying to poke fun at and this basically shows in each story. it loses sight. the performances range from hot to cold, but who can't deny the embarrassment that's felt on most of their faces. director bob giraldi's first taste is a vapid one for "growing yourself" , but "success wanters" showed some minor flourishes of mild effectiveness. henry jaglom does a labouredly jaded job on "municipalians" . rick meyerowitz's vividly crass drawings that opens the film, are neatly devised and go on to set the style and mood.this low-brow comedy flunks it by overplaying it, with the main interested being derived by the familiar cameos. but really, is it worth going through this putridly lame and restless get-up, just to spot them. well, that's up to you.

"national lampoon goes to the movies" is the worst movie ever made, surpassing even the witless "plan 9 from outer space." at least that movie was just inept; the lampoon film, on the other hand, is both inept and mean. once upon a time, movies used to respect their audiences' intelligence. this one, however, holds a fetid, rotting carcass up to our faces -- and then tries to rub our noses in it.another reviewer on this site wrote that the only good parts of the movie are the nude scenes; and i agree, misses ganzel and dusenberry do flash a bit of flesh, and very nice flesh it is. but the directors seem not to realize that even t&a needs a good story to surround it. there's none of that here.perversely, the film makers save the worst for last. the third of the three segments is the ugliest of the trio. in this vignette, robby benson plays an eager-beaver young police officer reporting for duty on his first day on the job. he is paired with a weary, cynical oldtimer played by richard widmark. for just a moment, we are given hope that this film will end triumphantly. surely, we think, the youngster's spunky attitude will rub off on the cynic and change him for the better.forlorn hope! instead, the cynic wins the day -- and the youngster's spark is doused forever. "national lampoon goes to the movies" and heads right for the toilet, asking us to follow it down the drain. nominally, this is a comedy. but where's the humor?

this barely watchable film was a bit of an ordeal to sit through. none of the segments are good, but at least the first one was mildly amusing, and the middle one was somewhat imaginative. the final one was just plain brutal, and after sitting through two weak comedic shorts, the third one was truly painful to watch. even by the low standards of a national lampoon movie, this one seemed especially boring and joyless.

i just saw this movie on a local tv station (tv8's "big chuck and little john" in cleveland, ohio) i had never heard of this movie and decided to watch it.i know of no thesaurus that can even come close to aiding me in describing how bad this movie really is. the script is awful. the acting, well other than one of two exceptions, is pointless since there is nothing in this material that merits any real effort.it looks like a bunch of little ideas, leftover from various writing sessions, that where thrown into a blender. it's not just funny. the "parody" aspect is strained at best. some references where almost out of date (even for the time of it's release). no wonder i had never heard of it, it's really bad, worse than anything saturday night live, mad tv or even in living color put out in their worst days.if you see it on tv, it is a great example of how not to make a movie. whatever you do don't waste a cent.adam

i'll keep the review of this program as short as possible. skip it. low budget, not funny, lousy script. acting not quite as bad as the writing, but still bad. that's all you need to know, but i will continue for the sake of writing more than necessary.this is a film with three segments, each one parodying some other type of movie. a much funnier film with this same exact idea is "movie movie," with george c. scott. very obscure, but worth searching out. mm parodied films of the 1930's, and did it with elegance, precision and dry wit.this movie did not. it parodies three types of films, supposedly from the late 70's, early 80's era, only it is parodying films i've (almost) never heard of. the first is, i guess, a parody of "kramer vs. kramer," in a way. peter reigert does his best with a dirt poor script. the second is a parody, of, i don't know what...a danielle steele novel? i mean, you might see a story like this on lifetime tv, but in a movie theater? i mean, i remember the 70's, i was there. this is a soap-opera type parody about a fetching young woman who sleeps her way to power. these type of things usually parody themselves, so i don't see how this was even necessary.we are on somewhat easier ground with the third segment, "the municipalians," which parodies cop movies. i noted elements of "the new centurians" and some "dirty harry", both of which were almost 10 years old when the film was created. yeah, nice and current. robby benson plays the idealistic young rookie (over-the-top wimpy) while richard widmark plays the grizzled veteran cop who drinks whiskey while sitting in the police car (oh! stop! my sides! he's actually drinking booze in the police car! how irreverent!) note that this was the first film after "animal house" to have the "national lampoon" name attached. wow. to go in five years from that classic flick to this pile of dung is nothing short of shocking. i could go on for hours about the sad decline that caused one of the most cutting-edge and original voices in american humor (that would be national lampoon, the original magazine for about its first 10 years or so) to sell out and begin a long, slow slide into a world of crap, where now the magazine is long gone and it only exists as a brand name to slap on low-budget "comedy" films for a fee. yet another reason why capitalism (and cocaine) sucks so bad.anyway, this movie is a serious time suck. don't waste your 90 minutes. i want mine back. on the positive side, fred willard's in it!

i chuckled a few times during this movie. i laughed out loud during the notarizing of the margarine company handover (pun intended).there are three segments in this movie. the first one is supposed to be a spoof of "woman 'grows up' and launches career" movies. the tampax® box was the funniest thing in this segment. most of the cast members aren't listed here on imdb. they are the lucky ones. few other people will be able to connect this thing to the ruin of their acting careers.the second segment is a spoof of "sharkish woman sleeps her way to the top and seizes control of huge industry" movies. robert culp has several funny moments, all physical humor, including the aforementioned handover. after his character dies the segment sinks lower and lower as dominique corsaire rises higher and higher. by the time she becomes first lady i wanted to rip the cable out of the tv and watch "snow." i switched to pakistani music videos instead. i don't understand urdu, or whatever language the videos were in. it was still better than listening to the dialogue in this painfully dull "story."then came "municipalians" with the *big* stars, half of them on screen for less than a minute: elisha cook, jr., christopher lloyd, rhea perlman, henny youngman, julie kavner, richard widmark and ... *robby benson.* it's supposed to be a spoof of "young cop teams with hardened, substance abusing older cop who needs retirement *badly*" movies. the horizontal flash bar on the police car is very impressive. it was interesting seeing old rtd buses, and a shell gas station sign, and an american savings sign -- none of them are around anymore. nagurski's "never stop anywhere you might have to get out the car" made me smile momentarily. then they discuss how boring the young cop is. a lot. back and forth about how boring he is. that was as boring as this description of how boring it is. nagurski's law number four, "never go into a music store that's been cut into with an acetylene torch," made me think that the music store is a real business at the actual location the dispatcher gave. thinking about that was more interesting than the set-up for the gag which followed. young falcone (benson) gets shot. a lot. he becomes a hardened cop like nagurski. the segment keeps going. on and on. and on. it won't stop. it rolls relentlessly onward no matter how many times you wish he'd just *die* already so this thing will end. it doesn't. it goes on and on and on.... then a "buffy the vampire slayer" episode which i've seen four times already comes on. thank god! this abysmal movie ended while i went to get the mail.

national lampoon was once a funny magazine. whether you liked the stoner hippie days of the late sixties or the smug and sassy coke-head days of the seventies (when the comedy was fortified with plenty of naked babes) depends very much on your date of birth, but everyone agrees that by the early eighties, middle age had killed off whichever remaining sparks of anarchic humour that the drugs hadn't, and offerings like this film and the increasingly terrible spin-off records shot further holes in the hull. outside of a nicely illustrated title sequence, there's absolutely nothing to recommend this singularly depressing stinkbug. if you make it through the baffling opening segment, 'growing myself', hoping things will get better, tough luck - they don't. whoever thought the idea of a woman being brutally raped with a stick of butter was comedy gold deserved to have his head handed back to him on a platter of dog mess. if there's ever a global shortage of guitar picks, the negatives of this rambling, incoherent ragbag of crummy ideas and dire performances may well serve some purpose.

facts about national lampoon goes to the movies, a.k.a. national lampoon's movie madness:1. the movie is poor, even by lampoon's typical standards. 2. it's not funny. 3. no one goes to see a movie.so, after i finished watching it, i began wondering why on earth it's called 'national lampoon goes to the movies,' and why it was ever conceived, much less actually made. it would be like calling austin powers 'an american guy goes to the movies.' how lame. he isn't american, and he doesn't go to movies. none of the characters in lampoon's so-called 'satire' are funny, and none go see movies, which causes a bit of a problem. i had hoped it would be something in the vein of mystery science theater 3000, but it isn't.this was national lampoon's first film after animal house, although you couldn't tell it from the quality of film. poorly developed, rough and amateurish by any standard, it induces headaches  not a good sign for an 89-minute movie that seems double the length.i've noticed a pattern. really bad movies are typically renamed  and this little disaster falls under that category. it has two separate titles -- probably to help try and promote it to people too stupid to remember how bad a panning it received from home video critics in 1982/83. 'hmm, movie madness  i've never heard of this movie before! let's rent it!' and then, the realization: 'hey, wait a minute, this is just national lampoon goes to the movies!'it was shelved by mgm/ua, never to be released into theaters or dvd; it occasionally pops up on television a few times per decade, which is just about the only place you'll manage to find it.it's split up into three stories  a parody of self-enlargement videos, butter and corporate ruthlessness, and police brutality/cop-buddy films (i guess). the first segment stars peter riegert (animal house) as a frustrated guy who divorces his wife and does some other stuff. i'm not sure what because it was so boring my mind started to drift. until the sex scene popped up.part ii is about an exotic dancer raped by a stick of butter (don't ask) who decides to become queen of the margarine so she can cut off the supply of dairy products. ouch! this contains the only funny line in the movie: 'only i can make love with my son!' if you think that doesn't sound very funny, you're right  it's not. and just imagine  it's the highlight of this film!part iii is about a cop who chases down a serial killer (christopher lloyd) only to lose his nerve and shoot the guy. it does contain one funny scene but it's extremely over-acted  only lloyd really exhibits any humor, playing his character dry and compassionate, yet strangely surreal. the part where he's choking his victim and the meek cop stands by watching it all unfold, at least, evoked a chuckle or two.it's a shame to watch such a cast of semi-famous names resort to low standards. the writers of each segment clearly believe that they're being very ironic and clever by spoofing so-called stereotypes  the fault being that the movie becomes one huge contradiction, favoring the standard t & a instead of plot; crude humor instead of witty dialogue; desperate performances instead of inspired ones. it's easy to see that none of the actors were enthralled with the material, muttering their lines, often so embarrassed they can seldom make eye contact with the camera.the movie isn't funny, as i said before. i laughed once, at only one line, and even then it was a halfhearted one. two chuckles, a smile, and a very weak laugh. compared to movie madness, a number of other decent comedies seem like regular laugh tracks.i like national lampoon's vacation series (or, at least three of four installments), and their classic animal house, but their recent slew of direct-to-video bombs such as golf punks (with that great comic genius tom arnold) provide a good example of why their magazine went out of print more than a decade ago. it gets really old, really fast.sad to see a new film, called gold diggers, is being released with their 'stamp of approval.' it's like condemning a film before it even hits theaters  maybe they should start not advertising their name all over the placedistributor: 'this movie is bad. it gets the national lampoon stamp of approval. that'll teach you not to make something so awful next time.'forget the death penalty. just stick a bunch of criminals in a room and make them watch this over and over every day for a month.it's so bad that i can't even begin to explain its putrid vileness. i give up.

wow. i read about this movie and it sounded so awful that i had to see it, and my gosh, i can smell it in st louis. where do i start? national lampoons was trying to follow up 5 years later on the success of animal house, but they completely missed the mark. i'll go chronologically with these short flicks.short film #1 poor peter riegert (boon from animal house). apparently, he wasn't working back then, so the boys at national lampoons probably called and said "hey, we're making a c**ppy movie, wanna be in it?" peter was like "well, i'm not doing much these days, why not?" he was a great side character in animal house, but he couldn't carry this sorry short flop for 5 minutes.possible spoiler the premise is funny enough, with jason cooper (riegert) telling his wife to leave him, she needs to find herself. it's too weird that they're actually in a happy marriage. so he chases her off, there she goes, and cooper is in charge of the kids. this, off course, leads to him burning the house down, losing several of the kids, and sleeping with an assortment of new york bimbos (including an ever so young diane lane). then the wife comes back, wants the kids, and the film ends with a coin flip that'll decide the fate of the children. the idea was actually somewhat clever, but the director stunk. the characters all seem like they're falling asleep, they had to be doped up. sorry boon, your legacy was tarnished with this flop.short film #2 more spoilers enter dominique corsaire. pretty girl, recently finished college, not sure what to do with her life. so she becomes a slut, starts sleeping around with some mega rich guys, takes their money when they die, and she doesn't stop until she beds the most powerful man in the world, fred willard (ooops, i mean the president of the united states). once again, it could have been funny, and though i was happy that corsaire (ann dusenberry in real life) wasn't afraid to bare all, her acting was horrible. what a waste of time.short film #3 i can't believe i made it this far. here's the rookie cop brent falcone (robby benson) with veteran stan nagurski (richard widmark). falcone is young, naive, thinks he can really help people, though he becomes cynical after being shot several thousand times. nagurski, really, has just given up caring. he watches muggings, assaults, you name it, and never intervenes. he figures the world is lawless and he'll probably get sued if he does anything. even christopher lloyd (at the end of taxi's run) gets in on the action, getting the police called on him, committing a crime, but having his lawyer there to protect him. god bless america!!once again, could have been funny, the performances were intentionally campy, but goodness, no energy whatsoever. henry jaglom and bob giraldi should be ashamed of having their names on this schlock. i think the writing wasn't bad, the ideas were there, but the execution was pulled off as well as the rescue attempt in the iranian hostage crisis. if i had been a part of this film, i would want my name removed, it's horrible. then again, that's why i watched it.the only good thing about this garbage is that dr john did the film score (repeating "going to the movies" over and over again) and the film isn't much longer than an hour and a half. show this one in film classes with the heading "what you should never do in film-making." this script should have been left on the shelf because yep, it's that bad.

the sun should set on this movie, forever.it goes on forever (which isn't usually a bad thing - the english patient, schindler's list) but is so tedious. the aging of the actors is unbelievable and so is the drawn-out never-ending story line which really seems to go nowhere.in short, a waste of talent and film.

back in his youth, the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin, but his family forbid it. many decades later, the old man has raised three children (two boys and one girl), and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children. soon, the sister is bored with brother #1, and jumps in the bed of brother #2.one might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island. but no -- they are upper class europeans going to college and busy in the social world.never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brothers. never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister. all flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister.the weakest part of gladiator was the incest thing. the young emperor commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage-minded girls all over him, but no -- he only wanted his sister? if movie incest is your cup of tea, then sunshine will (slowly) thrill you to no end.

back in his youth, the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin, but his family forbid it. many decades later, the old man has raised three children (two boys and one girl), and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children. soon, the sister is bored with brother #1, and jumps in the bed of brother #2.one might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island. but no -- they are upper class europeans going to college and busy in the social world.never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non-related female and the two brothers. never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non-related male and the one sister. all flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister.the weakest part of gladiator was the incest thing. the young emperor commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage-minded girls all over him, but no -- he only wanted his sister? if movie incest is your cup of tea, then sunshine will (slowly) thrill you to no end.

note to all directors: long is not necessarily good. this movie is incredibly long. however not good. the scenes were drawn out way, way, way, way, way too long. the sex scenes were unnecessary, and often too long. the movie edited down to 2 hours and 10 minutes or so would have been exceptional, but alas it became so boringly long that i can only give it a 2 of 10. it is way below average.some other problems also exist in this marathon. 1) ralph fiennes plays a whole family tree. the guy who played the great-grandfather looks nothing like him, but the grandfather, father and the son (who gives us constant unneeded voice over) are all ralph fiennes with different facial hair and the same basic bull-headed personality. no one seems to notice that each of these children look like a clone of the last, even though photos of them are being snapped at every turn. this one is minor, but if the movie hadn't been 3 weeks long it wouldn't have been so annoying.2) the fact that no news from germany was even whispered for the longest time about jews being rounded up and sent off is ridiculous. some word would have gotten to them and the thought of trying to run off would probably have been discussed. the uncle in france would surely have sent warning to try and get them to leave.3) the love stories in this movie are totally wrong. you are spending forever telling us this thing and the development of relationships between main characters is extremely short. suddenly... people are in love and almost instantly... married. then having children. then we draw things out for 6 centuries and forget about developing relationships. this again would not have stuck out so much in a 2 hour movie, but with time spent nothing was given to us.4) the ending was just bad. i don't want to spoil it for anyone, but you won't like it either...unless you are sadistic.the director/writer should be tortured with having to watch this bloated garbage on a weekly basis, i mean endless loop, oops they are the same thing. i wonder if robert redford did anything for this movie, i mean i think istvan szabo must be modeling his directing career after him. long drawn out movie which totally ruins any substance in the movie. a short description of 'the horse whisperer', and sunshine.sunshine, perfect title. if you start watching while the sun is shining it will quite possibly be well after dark when you leave.

this is a film of immense appeal to a relatively well-defined group (of which i am not a part). i went to a preview of this movie not knowing what to expect - i ultimately found it disappointing. the history of a dreadfully dysfunctional (oftentimes downright "twisted") hungarian jewish family is not my cup of tea. an epic saga like this should really provide its viewers with something more in the end. ultimately, pictures such as this are about the human condition - this picture cast almost no new light on any of its more meaningful facets.

from the opening dialog and scenes, i knew i knew i was in for a train wreck. didn't want to look, but couldn't turn away. if it weren't for the meer eye candy of this film, i would have given one star. the fact that the interaction between characters and relationship behavior were so far fetched, added by poor direction and horrible story make this movie nothing more than a low-budget disaster. money is definitely not a necessity to make a good film. but this movie fails so horribly there was no chance to rebound.if you were stuck out in the woods, your childhood best friend dying from an unknown disease, other friends dying around you, stranded in a strange place, what would you do?a.) run away from everyone and try your luck on your own. b.) have sex with your friends girlfriend. c.) take a hot bath to relax your sorrows to include shaving your legs. d.) bash in the head your childhood best friend and life-long crush with a shovel. e.) all of the above.according to eli roth, none of these answers are that far fetched. in fact, all are plausible and well represented in cabin fever. the total lack of reality and illogical attempt at explaining what people would do in traumatic situations throws this film in the bonehead bin at your local rental store. stay away. stay far away.

no redeeming qualities can possibly be expressed. i wish i could get my time back. nice skull face broad really smiles, bright at the camera when the disease has already wreaked enough havoc on the ill informed script. i was ((spoiler)) happy to see all the characters dead or severely incapacitated by the end, especially the party poopers that drink the tainted juice on their way to the alleged sunset. eli roth does shine for moments of maybe ten, putting forth the theory on how well weed smokes in the woods when others really fiend on top of beer consumption. overall, i found most of it pointless, though not without gratuitous violence and not enough nudity, happy to witness the demise of cast, in a way though, wishing that journey never happened (probably should've been getting laid instead of watching tbs late night, ugh).

sure i've seen bad movies in my life, but this one was so bad that i actually became angry in the theater. i wanted my money back. i wrote to the director asking him to refund my movie ticket, of course i didn't receive a refund (or even a reply) but it's the point that matters. on a scale of 1-10 i give this movie a -42. why did the "jeep" (chevy blazer??) stop running from being hit with a bat? why did they hit the "jeep"(chevy blazer?????) with the bat in the first place instead of cracking the bum's skull? the plot was thin, the movie filled with obvious clichés, and certain parts of it just didn't make any sense.

this has to be the worst piece of garbage i've seen in a while.heath ledger is a heartthrob? he looked deformed. i wish i'd known that he and naomi watts are an item in real life because i spent 2 of the longest hours of my life wondering what she saw in him. orlando bloom is a heartthrob? with the scraggly beard and deer-in-the-headlights look about him, i can't say i agree.rachel griffiths was her usual fabulous self, but geoffrey rush looked as if he couldn't wait to get off the set. i'm supposed to feel sorry for bankrobbers and murderers? this is a far cry from butch cassidy, which actually was an entertaining film. this was trite, cliche-ridden and boring. we only stayed because we were convinced it would get better. it didn't.the last 10-15 minutes or so were unintentionally hilarious. heath and his gang are holed up in a frontier hotel, and women and children are dying because of their presence. that's not funny. but it was funny when they walked out of the hotel with the armor on, because all we could think of was the black knight from monty python and the holy grail. i kept waiting for them to say "i'll bite yer leg off!" we were howling with laughter, as were several other warped members of the audience. when we left, pretty much everyone was talking about what a waste of time this film was.i may not have paid cash to see this disaster (sneak preview), but it certainly wasn't free. it cost me 2 hours of my life that i will never get back.

this film is about a group of five friends who rent a cabin in the woods. one of the friends catches a horrifying flesh-eating virus. suddenly, the friends turn on one another in a desperate attempt to keep from contracting the disease themselves."cabin fever" is a horrible film. for one, it tries to be many genres at once. is it supposed to be a homage, a slasher, a black comedy, or a scary movie with unintentional comedy? nobody can tell. there's a serious scene at first and a second alter, it turns funny. when the film tries to be funny, the humor is quite bland, excluding the ending. i liked the ending a lot.but apart from the ending, i was pretty disappointed and disgusted. the violence is cringe-worthy, more looking away from the screen than being scared. the tone changes within each scene, sometimes funny, sometimes scary, and sometimes quite random. in fact, you see a girl doing karate in slo-motion. what are we supposed to get from that? this same girl would bite one of the characters. was that supposed to be funny? i don't know.some of the performances were decent, and many were quite amateurish. i didn't care for most of the characters. i liked the plot but the execution was done horribly. as a horror film, i didn't know what it was trying to be. i didn't find it funny, tense, nor scary. by the end, you're left indifferent, thinking, "what have i just been through?" unfortunately, you'll never know the answer to that question.

there's a major difference between releasing an original, intense, edge-of-your-seat, scary, gore-fest, and doing like filmmaker eli roth and his team have done with "cabin fever" and simply acted like it. the film follows five college graduates into a cabin in the woods that begins to prove fatal as one after the other succumbs to this mysterious, fast-acting, flesh-eating disease. it's not long before the friends turn on one another, and can barely stand the sight of one another, much less want to be in the same vicinity as them. as gross as it all sounds, there's a certain spark behind the basic premise of this film that could have worked, in the hands of a less cocky filmmaker. unfortunately what we end up with is poorly drawn characters whose sole purpose seems to be to look beautiful at the beginning to make the inevitable decomposition more contrasting, a hackneyed script so profanity-laden as to leave the viewer tuning out the dialogue, and several incomprehensible subplots that motivate little more than (in one instance) an on-screen appearance by director roth. this is sloppy film-making in several ways! avoid this time devourer.

the first five minutes of this movie showed potential. after that, it went straight from something possibly decent to some sort of illegitimate comedy. the best part is that i couldn't stop thinking of supertroopers thanks to joey kern. i would recommend watching this movie for the sheer fact of learning how not to make a movie. there are so many scenes in this movie that makes one just stop and wonder if the entire cast and crew just stopped caring at some point. the thing that amazes me most about this movie is that it grossed $22 million in the box office and only cost about $1.5 million to make. congrats to lion's gate for being able to pull that one off.

cabin fever is the first feature film directed by eli roth.roth and randy pearlstein co wrote the script from a story by roth.this a zombie film,which owes a lot to george romero and his earlier "living dead movies",and to the original texas chainsaw massacrenot to mention sam ramie's "evil dead".there is nothing original here,and the story is not compelling.the acting is about par with this genre,it's just that the story fails.we have pretty much seen this movie before and better made.having said that,after having achieved commercial, if not artistic success from this movie,roth decided he was a director and came out with the abysmally atrocious,mean spirited,pointless(though much more ambitious)crap fest hostel.roth should have quit while he was behind.cabin fever is not a good film,however compared to hostel it is a work of art.i hope somebody (preferably a psychiatrist)convinces this guy that film-making is the wrong career choice.as for cabin fever,a weak 3/10 for not being as abysmal as hostel.

i had heard some bad things about cabin fever almost as much as i heard the cultish hype. as it turns out, the first film from the new impresario eli roth, it's just a so-so effort with the iq points dropping as the film progresses. there are worse movies out there, and surely more gory ones (while i'm not sure how the hype-meter got so high on the blood-count for hostel, there is a good amount for genre fans here). the premise isn't necessarily bad either though: kids go to a cabin for a week of partying, only to come across a very sick man, covered in blood, whom in a panic they set on fire. he winds up dead in the water that feeds the reservoir, and soon the characters all succumb to the flesh-eating virus one way or another. the characters, either the lead college kids (including rider strong as the hero and james dibello as the goofy side-bar) or the supporting 'village' folks are archetypal to the point of inertia, if not painfully so. as they meet their fates, the townspeople get pretty weird, and it just seems to be non-sensibly thrown together without the many laughs; 'pancakes kid' comes out of nowhere, and maybe might have been funnier in another movie or by itself, but in the context of the rest of the movie, it just doesn't work. there's also a young police character who is even dumber and less convincing than the others. and the family that goes after dibello following an incident has some possibilities that aren't realized. but all the while, roth pumps up his script with common sense out the window and sudden scares and frights with people hacking up blood on one another and a killer dog rambling around. which isn't all for not either. now, unlike lesser troma horror movies or even lesser ones of the 70s or 80s- to which i'm sure roth is a die-hard fan- he doesn't make it unwatchable. it's also smart to not have any explanation for where the virus comes from. but unlike those films too, he also doesn't really have a fine idea of what makes for great campy-horror times. his film tries for that, of course, and only once or twice does he make it a goofy, bloody time (i did like the random bunny strong sees while on the gurney). it's not even very poorly shot a lot of the time (albeit with its own contrived style-choices ala red tint on the lens or that story with the bowling-alley worker). it simply contains a lot of illogical scenarios and choices made (shave your legs with a deadly virus, uh-huh), and it aims for fairly typical ground. if that's your cup of tea, more power to you. but at the end i found it to be actually un-exceptional genre territory that doesn't offend audience sensibilities ala saw, but doesn't swing for the fence either as a clever b-movie. roth also has the temerity to end the movie on a true note of 'what-the-hell' as the santa claus bearded convenience store clerk from earlier in the film serves a bunch of black people. it could work if he followed up on it with something better, or if he dropped it altogether. same could be said for a lot of the movie. c-

the premise of cabin fever starts like it might have something to offer. a group of college teens after finals (in the fall?) goes to a resort cabin in the woods where one by one they are attacked by an unseen flesh eating virus.unfortunately, the first paragraph is where any remote elements of film quality stop. cabin fever is little more than college kids looking for sex, booze, talking non-stop about nothing, and seeing how many f-bombs they can get into 1:40 minutes or however long this mess is.the kids act and react stupidly to everything around them. one of them for instance discovers that the skin virus has infected her legs, so what does she do? she keeps shaving her legs failing to take proper medical attention for her wounds. the scene is little more than a gross out. in another scene, rider strong from "boy meets world" gets bitten on the hand by some kid who only says "pancakes" and likes to do karate kicks on those who sit next to him. if you can figure out the reason for why the "pancakes" kid was included, i'd love to know. anyway, rider pets a wild dog and goes off to wash his bitten hand in a most likely contaminated creek. another kid likes to drop f-bombs in reacting to everything around him and shoot squirrels. why? your guess is as good as mine!rider strong is the only kid with any recognition in this movie. he tries to calm people down in-between the yelling and screaming and f*** y**! bombs that people are throwing around. when the kids aren't yelling, they are having or talking about sex or talking nonsense to the other adult characters who are even more (if that is possible)idiotic than the kids! the idiot cop with an iq of 60 at best may be one of the worst acting jobs i have ever seen in a movie. you talk about people not playing with a full deck, this dork doesn't even know how to find the cards! lol! i was like, "will you please shut up already?!" he makes the kid actors look like geniuses! the only part that i sort of liked was rider's scary story (although gory) about the deranged bowling alley guy. in interviews, rider said that he had a great deal of respect for director eli roth. but the problem is that mr. roth appears to be going for little more than shock and gore. there are far too many bad things about this movie for mr. roth to get any credit. i wish i could agree with rider and find something likable about this movie. maybe the fall scenery in the beginning? actually, rider strong just saves this movie from being a 1! hopefully, he was compensated for this junk!

truly one of the most dire films i've ever sat through. i've never actually taken the time to write one of these but felt compelled to after witnessing this affront to film-making and feel somewhat aggrieved to be wasting my time on such a piece of turd to be honest. there were so many parts that infuriated me with their complete randomness and lack of sense (e.g. when would the police force ever shoot people with infectious diseases? when would hospitals ever through out such people for lack of a cure? why was the guy who spotted him spying on his wife wandering around outside in his dressing gown whilst carrying a gun as she rolled around on the bed?). also, the characterisation - as we've almost come to expect in such films - was awful (e.g. the way the blonde guy - i don't remember his frickin name and don't give a toss anyway - completely turned against his girlfriend and ran off to leave her) and i ended up wanting them all to meet grisly ends! the production was horribly disjointed and the cinematography nothing to write home about.

this is probably one of the worst films i have ever seen. the events in it are completely random and make little or no sense. the fact that there is a sequel is so sickening i may come down with a case of cabin fever (i'm so sorry). i describe it as bug being smooshed to a newspaper because it seems to be different parts of things mixed together. e.g kevin the pancake loving karate kid is just freakishly weird on its own, then there's the cop who is slightly weird and perverted, then the drug addict, then there's the fact that they attack some random guy who clearly needs help. then all of a sudden the main character is having sex with his friends girlfriend just because she says something stupid about a plane going down. then at the end some good old family racism followed by a rabbit operating on kevin the karate kid. its actually pretty despicable that they can use racism as a joke in this film. there is no reason for anyone to enjoy this film unless you love eli roth, even that did not make me like this film. hate is a strong word but seeing as it is the only word i am permitted to use it will have to do. boycott cabin fever 2!!!!!

liongate has yet to prove itself. every single movie from lionsgate has been abysmal. i've tried and tried to give them more opportunities and they just keep slapping me over and over again. and cabin fever is definitely no exception.i couldn't even pay attention to most of this movie it was so frustrating and bad.here's the plot. guy cuts up dead dog for some reason. gets infected by random virus, transfers it to kids at a camp, kids start to get infected and die, town finds out about it and rather than help them, kills them. then the water is infected and everyone dies. the end.seriously, that's the whole movie.all the characters are completely retarded, you don't care for any of them, and the one kid should have stuck with boy meets world. me and my friend found that talking about how fat and bitchy our one classmate was to be far more enjoyable than paying attention to this movie. we did manage to make it all the way to the end while screaming bulls$@t, because this film will make you do that.and i'm still confused by the random slow motion karate moves of the one random kid and how apparently everybody out in the country is completely retarded and hickish. and again, why did this dog attack the girl? why did the kid the hicks were trying to kill sit in a chair waiting for them to kill him? that was part of the two of their's plan? wow. best plan ever. i cannot believe this movie got a theatrical release. i could barely stomach the dvd, let alone have to sit in a theater not moving for an hour and a half. it wasn't scary, or funny, or cool, or anything. it's just a waste of 90 minutes that you could be using to...i don't know, plant a tree or something. it's more productive than this piece of garbage. the acting, special effects, and script are a joke. don't ever pick this up.cabin fever gets one nasty leg shaving scene, out of 10

i've rented and watched this movie for the 1st time on dvd without reading any reviews about it. so, after 15 minutes of watching i've noticed that something is wrong with this movie; it's terrible! i mean, in the trailers it looked scary and serious!i think that eli roth (mr. director) thought that if all the characters in this film were stupid, the movie would be funny...(so stupid, it's funny...? wrong!) he should watch and learn from better horror-comedies such as:"fright night", "the lost boys" and "the return of the living dead"! those are funny!"cabin fever" is the reason why i registered to www.imdb.com so i can release my thoughts of discontent about it.i've decided to watch the movie a second time >aaargh!< and make notes for my partial "review" to show how foolish the movie is. "resident evil" (horror) or "dude, where's my car?" (comedy) i can watch over and over again and still enjoy! but this...!how bad can a script and a director be??? this bad. here are the awful scenes in chronological order:in the early scenes we see henry, who doesn't realize his dog lying on the ground with its tongue hanging out of its mouth and dead-glazed stare is dead!the movie doesn't explain anything about the blonde long-haired kid who like to bite people.and my answer to marcy's unanswered question ("what's wrong with the woods?") is "nothing". the script has that bearded guy warn them about the woods just for "suspense".then the "smartest" of the 5-pack, bert, almost gives us an example of how to start a forest fire. he meets now-infected henry who begs for help and from here on the movie wants to break the record in using the "f-word". bert starts to freak out because henry looks awfully ill. bert:"don't make me shoot you!" (he forgets to add: "...with my bb gun!")bert heads back to the cabin but how about that? he meets marcy and jeff who were having sex, but now suddenly decide to go out for a walk! marcy wisely takes out the unguarded campfire bert had started earlier (a moment of clarity for a change?) bert doesn't mention a word about henry because the fool thinks he has killed him with his bb gun.later, as the five estupidos sit around their campfire, another weirdo shows up with his dog. (maybe that's what the warning about the woods is all about? it's filled with weirdos...and their dogs!?) they let him sit with them only because he has a huge bag filled with cannabis. (their brains are completely intoxicated! no wonder why they are all so dumb!) this is the last time we'll see this forgettable character...alive!henry shows up at their cabin, (note: he was lying all the time a few yards from their cabin!!!) looking worse, almost like a zombie, covered in goo! he says he needs a doctor. but the young einsteins refuse to help the poor sucker. he gets into their unlocked truck which of course also has its key in the ignition. henry almost seems smart enough to drive the hell away from there but instead starts puking blood all over the dashboard, seats and windows. the fantastic five come out running, armed with: a bb gun, a knife, a baseball bat (*huh? ever tried playing baseball in the middle of the woods???), a poker, and a (insecticide?) spray-can, ready to combat the single, unarmed and terribly sick man. (clever script!) bert manages to kill the car with one single shot of his bb gun, which is only possible in the mind of director eli roth. "what else am i supposed to do?" bert yells in his defense. jeff and paul try to knock henry down with their bat and poker but miss and crash the truck's windows instead. henry walks up to the dumb girls who say: "he's coming towards us!" (thanks for the info, dumb broads, i can see that! but i don't think he wants to do you any harm!) marcy sprays in his eyes, making henry yelp! and our "hero" paul touches henry's arm with a burning log from the campfire, which they recklessly left burning while they were inside the cabin! (where has all that wisdom gone? i guess the cannabis had started to take its toll!:-) henry turns into the human torch and runs away, screaming.the following day, bert and jeff head out for a mechanic. and marcy decides to "go for help" all by herself, in the woods, as paul stays behind with karen...doesn't that sound idiotic? marcy could have stayed with karen and paul because jeff and bert were already "going for help"!i skip my comments now to how we suddenly see marcy in a canoe rowing over a huge and winding river! how did she get a canoe? does she even know where she's going!? anyway, she goes to the riverbank and finds a very big and seemingly abandoned cabin and, like in most horror movies, walks inside the cabin saying:"hello? is anyone there?" bert suddenly pops up from behind a furniture and scares her (and me at first). and along comes jeff, as well. how did they get here!? did they swim across the river??? do you see how brainless the script is!?deputy winston meets paul at the cabin. he somehow doesn't notice the blood on their truck. this happens around 35 minutes of viewing and i have decided to stop torturing myself anymore and popped the dvd out. (before i take my own eyes out!...now, that's funny!)if you liked this movie, do yourself a favor and watch "fright night", "the lost boys", or "the return of the living dead". then you'll see they are more entertaining than this...thing. even the "toxic avenger part 2", which is also a lousy film, is way more funnier than "cabin fever".

**spoilers below!!!**cabin fever has my nod for worst film of the year...that i've seen that is. this movie is straight garbage! there is so much wrong with the film you can't help but be amazed at how bad it really is. this movie had so much potential to be good, but ultimately made nothing of it. the characters were as dumb as one can be; for the entire movie you're just asking yourself "why would you do that?" or "what's your point in doing this?"...this is how illogical and stupid the characters are. we get no background into them, so naturally you really don't give a rats as$ about their fate...you could only laugh at their stupidity. - the 'slut' (marcy) for instance... was she that horny that she had to sleep with paul (rider strong)? there was no point in that....its almost as if the filmmakers needed a excuse to give her the virus so voila! ugh. - would anyone really go into the woods and drink water from the faucet of a cabin without looking at it first?- why didn't bert just shoot the sick guy from the start? movie would've been over that way....besides, they ended up killing him anyway.- why did it take them so long to finally decide to leave the cabin, even if they had to walk? 'no, i'll just wait until 2 of my friends are infected (one a blink away from death) to finally opt to walk outta there.- what was exactly the reasoning behind paul's attempt to fish out the body of the hermit, only to fall in the contaminated reservoir and get infected with the virus? pure stupidity!i swear, common sense was not a friend, much less an aquaintance to these idiots. i don't think there has ever been a worse ending to a movie. in the beginning the kids ask the hick store cashier what the rifle was for, and he replied that 'its for the niggers'. in the end of the film, 3 young blacks (dressed in baggy clothes, one of them in a du-rag no less) go into the store....come to find out that the cashier was cleaning it for them to be used for hunting. then, he proceeds to give them all pounds and handshakes and joke around with them as if they're his homeboys.okay, what the hell was the point of that?!?!?!? how tasteless can one be, what were the filmmakers thinking putting that in the movie? i as a black man was of course offended by the initial 'nigger' comment. it was a tasteless, pointless remark. my question to the filmmakers: what was the point of the ending with the black kids? was that to force me to forget about the initial racist comment made earlier? to smooth things over with black viewers, by making a joke out of it? well, i for one, did not find that pathetic attempt at humor funny in the least bit. the whole movie was a joke....a pathetic attempt at filmmaking that shouldn't be given the time of day. peter jackson really thought this film was that good? what film was he looking at? zero * out of **** stars....if i could give it a lower rating i would. please, fellow imdb'ers, don't waste 1 1/2 hours of your precious life watching this abomination of a 'movie'. this is one of the worst movies i've ever seen.

okay i had heard little about this film, so when it came on the movie channels on tv, i wanted to watch it, being a horror aficionado. i think i can do a collective "huh?" for everyone who watched it.i decided to move on with my life, but at a party with my closest friends, we saw it was coming on and some of us having seen it already decided we could laugh our way through it, both of us proclaiming "this is the dumbest thing i've ever seen". it wasn't scary; ill give it to roth (who i think is a young hack); characters do change throughout the film, ala "cube".however despite your typical "rats in a cage" scenario- who will turn on who, etc., it was pretty average horror.a few points: 1.) what was with that kid? i'm not even talking about him being weird and biting people. i'm talking about the whole "slow motion karate kicking", what was that? 2.) okay i know rider's character liked jordan ladd's, but as a young woman, i was appalled that he just went ahead and molested her in her sleep. uh, thats illegal.3.) roth was in the movie just so roth could be in the movie. talk about pointlessly writing yourself in! 4.) what was with the deputy? 5.) so she was just instantly pulled apart by the dog? and there was little to no blood left? just a scrap of her jeans? anyway we were laughing our asses off, and i love laughing during horror movies (return of the living dead 2, evil dead), but i don't know if we were supposed to be laughing here...

i don't really know whether cabin fever is supposed to be a joke or a film... but as far as i know, it's much closer to being a joke than anything else. a few years ago, the community of horror film makers decided to take a new step and make fun of the genre, thus giving birth to the scream series. a list was given in scream, of all the stupid things horror film characters will do that are predictable, and the characters in scream ended up doing exactly the same things, which added a lot of humor and irony to this analysis of the genre, and led to hope that horror films from now on would show a bit different, either full of irony towards the genre, self-derision towards the film itself, or at least different in their dramatic process than all the "old" films that responded to the same tired criteria. in seeing "cabin fever", alas, many will see how unoriginal, serious, pretentious, boring and even not scary some supposedly "scary" films are now, even a few years later. first of all, this film lacks originality in a way few others do. it has been said several times, how little imagination horror directors have today, remaking remakes of foreign sequels, but setting the film in a cabin in the woods just doesn't seem to be an "hommage" to anything, it seems to be, simply, a ripoff. whoever wishes to be surprised by other factors of the film's story won't be: once again, we are dealing with a film whose characters are all in their early twenties, who won't think rationally when placed in front of a problem, will rather argue for hours and pick up fights than try to think and do something about it. not much excitement there either. for the umpteenth time in a horror film, they are tempted to kiss, make love and just basically have fun, all sorts of things that don't really make them any different than any other horror film victims seen previously. secondly, this film is unimaginatively serious. every situation the characters are in, every dialog, every situation in the film is treated with such seriousness that any viewer with a little sense of derision will be relieved when some characters finally end up dying. nothing in the way the film is directed, written or acted shows any sign of humor or sarcasm, which is quite amazing considering the film is about an invisible-never-heard-of-before-flesh-eating-virus (no laughs please). i won't even bring up the acting, since there are no actors in this film. the cast was most certainly hired for being friends or neighbors with the director. thirdly, and this will strike whoever has seen a "good" horror film before, the screenplay is absolutely empty. nothing really happens, some actions are repeated several times ("let's try to get help!"), nothing makes sense, either in the facts, the psychology of the characters, or even the hilariously lame last sequence of the film, which is probably supposed to be funny according to the director and screenwriters. in the end i will only remark that a horror film is supposed to have something scary in it. gallons of fake blood, whether they are being vomited, squirted from severed limbs or simply dripping from wounds, never were enough to scare an audience. such major features as screenplay, ideas, and even cruelty are requested for whoever claims to have shot something scary. if i wasn't considering it to be a total failure, i would agree to reckon that the film has one talent: it is filthy disgusting to watch. yet being grossed-out and being scared are two very different feelings, let it be known.i would like to encourage anyone a tad curious or interested in seeing this film to check older major horror films first, why not from the 60s, the 70s, the 80s, films made by wes craven, dario argento, sam raimi, stanley kubrick, david lynch, roger corman, william lustig, john carpenter... it might not only give a good definition of what is scary, or self-derisory horror, but also convince viewers that "new" isn't necessarily "better". a good example related to the film is the few tracks composer angelo badalamenti provided for this film, even although they are unmistakably close to his previous compositions, they are below anything he has ever done before.

i wasted 5.75 to see this crappy movie so i just want to know a few things:what was the point of the dog being split in half at the beginning of the movie, the disease had nothing to do with being split in half.what was the point of dragging karen into the shed, she already totally infected her room, they could have just locked her in there where she would have been safer.why would the hermit be running around the forest asking strangers to help him when he could have just asked his relative, the hog lady, to take him to the hospital?why didn't any of the characters bother to walk into town to get help when things started getting bad, are they all really that lazy?even if paul was threatened by the guy w/ the shotgun for peeping on his wife, paul could have just sent jeff or bert back to the house to ask for help. the girl he loves is deteriorating.what was the point of the box?why did jeff go back to the cabin after he left when everyone else was getting infected, if he was that big of a jerk to leave in the first place wouldn't he have just gone back home?if the police went to all the trouble of gathering up the kids and burning them on the fire pit, why did they throw paul halfway into the river, it wasn't even necessary for the plot because the water was already contaminated.who makes lemonade out of river water, that crap has dirt leaves and bugs in it. why couldn't the two kids have just use the tap water, it was contaminated too, so the stupid ending would still work.

anyone who has read my review for uwe boll's "alone in the dark" will remember that i compared the unenviable task of sitting through that piece of human waste to having each and every hair on your arm pulled out. well, take that analogy a step further with this irredeemable gutter trash and try to imagine the pain of getting your teeth extracted without novacaine. do that, and you'll have a general idea of what eli roth's "cabin fever" is all about.i never believed any one film was capable of topping the sheer agonizing dreck that uwe boll cranks out as the "worst film ever made." but, in all honesty, i have to say "cabin fever" comes very close. this is yet another sad excuse for a motion picture that had absolutely no valid reason to meet with any form of theatrical release. for somebody who claims to love the horror genre as much as eli roth does, he has created the single most annoying and convoluted patchwork of a movie i think i have ever seen in my entire life. how do you screw up a story like this? think of the potential this plot would have had without the poorly written characters, without the bad writing, and without all that unnecessary and unfunny comedy. a movie dealing with a grotesque flesh-eating virus could and should have been so much better than what roth dished out for us here. this script failed on so many levels with me. and, while i do not doubt the evident talent this director possesses, i do know that he fumbled the ball big time on an idea that could very well have redefined the horror genre.to say this was a production of missed opportunities would indeed be a gross play on words. a generous amount of blood and unsettling special effects can't even save it, and that is one element i normally go for. there really was nothing about "cabin fever" that i could easily recommend to anybody. when three quarters of the crowd walks out of the theater halfway through, you know the movie is sinking fast. my best advice to those reading this would be to simply rent before purchasing. one viewing was more than enough for me to know that i will most likely never bother with it again.

ok let's get right to the point. we have five recent college grads (must have majored in the f word) going out on a weekend camping trip. they run into someone who is in need of help, but instead of trying to assist him, they decide to set him on fire instead. nice bunch of people. next some of them start go get sick - must be something in the water at the cabin they are staying at. however the neighbors seem to be ok. oh well, when things start getting really bad, they lock up one their companions instead of getting help (try the neighbor by the way). some locals don't take a liking to them. they chase one on a high speed romp through the woods for many miles, until the truck breaks down. somehow ten minutes later he shows up at the cabin (how he could find it and how he could travel at the speed of light to get there is a mystery). another of the brain surgeon type at the cabin realizes something is amiss so he hides out in a cave to let this blow over. he then decides the next day to return to the cabin believing it must be some type of shrine. he is giddy with relief that he survived (he must have thought it was a 24 hour bug). unfortuneatley he is met by some not so friendly police officers. another couple decide to have sex while the flesh eating bug is working its magic, and then the women realizes she needs to shave her legs (taking a lot of the diseased skin with shaving cream). anyway you get the idea. nothing makes sense here. these are five people i would not want to be friends with. i was rooting for the flesh eating bacteria. other characters were introduced who were also somewhat amusing but utterly unlikeable as well. ninety minutes of good life wasted here.

when i saw the previews for this movie, i didn't expect much to begin with - around a second rate teen horror movie. but wow, this movie was absolutely awful. and that's being generous.first of all, the casting for the movie was terrible. you feel no sympathy (or for that matter any morbid feeling) for the characters. the acting was so terrible that i was just simply waiting and hoping for the god-awful thing to end.secondly, there are points in the movie that had absolutely no relation to the plot whatsoever. can somebody please explain to me why the girlish-looking boy starts screaming "pancakes!!!" at the top of his lungs while going into jackie chan moves i've never seen before, and even further biting the guy who has the virus? why does the father of the kid proceed to get angry with the virus-infected guy, and go on a redneck hunting spree to find him? i was left with a feeling of such confusion and utter disbelief that i literally said out loud, "where the hell did that come from?"i just simply couldn't believe what i had seen. i really thought i had seen some bad movies, but i have to say that cabin fever tops them all. this movie made me want to puke and then puke again. then blow my brains out.please, save yourself an hour and a half and do something more productive. watching grass grow, perhaps, is a proper alternative.

having read the other comments on this film, i would like to share my own view that this is one tough movie to see unless you are a total brooksophile. i am not.when looked at by a purely objective observer, the film is an unbalanced narrative that presents us with more undistilled neuroses than are capable of being absorbed in one sitting. it is quite difficult to watch. the brooks character (robert cole) is so unsympathetic and unpleasant that it is hard to relate to him---let alone root for him as he stumbles from one dysfunctional self-absorbed situation to the next. and he should never do a topless scene and expect to be taken seriously in a romantic context. no man could have that much exposed foliage and be supposed to turn on a babe like kathryn harrold----unless, of course, he is albert brooks in an albert brooks-controlled production."modern romance" has its amusing moments-----but they are fragmentary and infrequent. more often than not, i felt as if i were on a confined journey with a thoroughly dislikable person and wishing that it would end already. it confirms the problems that can develop when too much control of a film is placed in only one person---someone who lacks the self-discipline to be able to step back from it and see what is clearly happening.as most people probably know, james l. brooks, who played the director in this film, is in fact what he portrayed. six years later, he cast albert brooks in the very successful "broadcast news." james showed us how albert can shape a credible and entertaining comic performance. albert allowed us to see james (generally not cast as an actor) do a rare comic turn in a surprisingly effective manner.fans of "modern romance" will by now have moved on to the next laudatory comment about it. to you i say-----there is enough pain in the world without having to find it in a film intended as an entertainment.

this is a depressingly shallow, naive and mostly unfunny look at a wildly improbable relationship between brooks' psychotic film editor and harold, his vapid girlfriend. the two have zero chemistry together - primarily because harold is incapable of doing anything besides looking pretty at this stage of her career; but also because brooks' character is neither interesting nor likeable. there are 15 static, excruciating minutes at the beginning where brooks, having just broke up with harold, stumbles about his apartment in a depressed, drugged out state - unbearable.sappily and unimaginatively bookended by joe cocker's "you are so beautiful", there simply is not enough material here for a feature film. there is hardly anything going on on the periphery of their relationship to give the appearance that these people exist in a real world. i'm sure brooks' intention was to shine a white hot spotlight on the affair and, in a way, deconstruct it; but if you're going to do that the writing and acting needs to be far far better than what it is here.

when you get to the scenes that involve albert brooks without his shirt... try not to gag on a fur ball.i like albert brooks. i've seen most, if not all of his movies but it was the first time seeing this one. modern romance is an interesting take on the subject of love. there are few movies that handle the desperation of love as well or as overtly as modern romance, although 1979's chilly scenes of winter comes very close. they both essentially deal with obsessed men that are too psychologically attracted/obsessed to their respective women.where-as chilly scenes of winter borders on the subject stalking, this movie has a more grounded foundation with the subject of love because both people are already in a relationship.. and out of the relationship.. and back in it again.and because it's a movie that was released in 1981, it is of its time in terms of styles and such. that's the main reason i like this movie. my basic rule when it comes to movies is "if it sucks at least it may have some historic relevance", you know time capsule stuff.which leads me to the horrific scenes of albert brooks sans shirt.the man is hair. very hair. like he's wearing a black curly fur sweater-hairy. and what's worse is he almost looks burn victim-hairy. it's not a pleasant sight and the scenes with him without a shirt go on and on. back in the early 80's hairy men were seen as normal and nothing shocking. but in 2009 the sight of something like this is just plain revolting. sorry, albert! i wish at some point someone said "hey let's try this scene but with you wearing a simple t-shirt, i mean you might scare people". it's just really bad and i feel sorry for the poor pretty actress that had to deal with albert brooks naked body on top of hers. she was probably pulling out his hairs from her teeth for days after that.anyway, it's an ok movie. it could have been better if i hadn't see albert brooks without his shirt for what seemed like 10 long continuous minutes because that will forever taint my viewing of this movie.

a bondage, humiliation, s&m show, and not much else. the plot is flat, really just a banal setup for the stylishly depraved set-pieces. the host of the aforementioned show, a silly little man who spouts drivel while prancing around the stage in dresses, was almost as painfully distracting as the attempts at artful editing. the dream-like ending felt tacked on. to the film's credit though, aya sugimoto was fairly convincing as the tortured lead. flower and snake has been compared with eyes wide shut but aside from some minor surface similarities, kubrick's is easily the more layered, artistic, and atmospheric picture.

perhaps not my genre but plot was horrible as was acting by nancy allen and linda farentino. c. thomas also seemed uncomfortable in role of being seduced here (while on marijuana? why did this need to be included? this weakened plot considerably). also farentino's charac. would have been better had she had more respect for a relationship. would does movie try to say? not much.

i'll give credit where credit is due, and say that linda fiorentino gives a good performance as a hard-drinking actress who does what she wants. she's brash, sassy, hard-edged, and very sexy; she is much better than this film deserves.but that is it. this dull suspense film is a fragmented mess, attempting at once to be a stalker thriller, a murder thriller, a tale of loyalty and betrayal, and a steamy erotic thriller. the film, my friends, isn't thrilling in the slightest.for instance, who thought of casting c. thomas howell as a desirable leading man? he is not ugly, but for crying out loud, it looks as though fiorentino's tough-cookie goddess is getting it on with a kindergarten teacher. howell has neither the authority or screen presence to fill the leading man role.the script is by far the worst aspect of the film. there is no tension as fiorentino's character gets eerie phone calls, there is no mystery concerning her guilt in the murders that are the focus of the film, there is no sense of liberation as fiorentino gets wimpy howell to lose his inhibitions.look for interesting but poorly-done cameos by adam ant and issac hayes, and one really, really good sex scene between howell and fiorentino. besides that, my first impulse would be to put this sorry piece of trash down and go rent something else.

well.......in contrast to other comments previously written i have to say that the only good thing about this film is the fact that one guy in it looked a bit like jason donavon which reminded me of my youth. i have no idea how it won any awards, and although i'm sure a great deal of effort went into making it it was all fruitless as the final outcome is one which screams of early 90's foreign soap operas. the plot was non-existent, the cinematography was hopeless and the acting was on par with an a-level performance. it was unfortunately long and the sub-plots were incredibly unrealistic....for example....if your best friend slept with your ex-boyfriend of 6 years after only 2 weeks of being broken up you would not all remain the best of friends. it was all fantasy. that's all! oh yeah, and the weird 90's house/soft core indie was mind numbing!

being a film studies graduate i would like to think that i have seen a diverse range of films, some good and some bad, but i would have to say that 'summer rain' is by far the worse film i have ever seen! i chose the film in the hope that it was going to be a great british classic such as 'secrets and lies' or 'lockstock' but oh no this was so bad that my flat mates and i ended up laughing and cringing at the ridiculous acting and cheesy script (reminded me of a bad 'theatre in education' school production). the main characters michelle and gary began to annoy us from the start. 'michelle' the main character who lives with her two friends has the type of face that you would never get tired of slapping and gary was so wet (he kept breaking down in tears every 5 minutes) that by the end of the film i really didn't give a damn about either of them. all i could think was ' i paid £3 for this pile'. i have never written a review before but after watching this film it has spurred me on to warn people of this disastrous production. so please avoid at all costs. thanks for reading.

it makes the actors in hollyoaks look like the royal shakespeare company. this movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is. turning the dvd player off was not a sufficient course of action. i want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face. i will never get that time back. never. how is it possible to create such a banal, boring and soulless film? i could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium. writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema. what more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is. please avoid.

this film has an interesting plot, but the acting is quite bad and the script is poor. i was very disappointed. the moral dilemma faced by the main character is an intriguing one, but due to poor writing and casting this potentially winning premise is plundered. 2 of the 4 other people in the theater left after about 45 minutes and the other 2 were laughing at how bad the film was. i stuck it out to the end, but i must admit i played blackjack on my cell phone to make the last 30 minutes bearable.

heavy-handed moralism. writers using characters as mouthpieces to speak for themselves. predictable, plodding plot points (say that five times fast). a child's imitation of britney spears. this film has all the earmarks of a lifetime special reject.i honestly believe that jesus nebot and julia montejo set out to create a thought-provoking, emotional film on a tough subject, exploring the idea that things are not always black and white, that one who is a criminal by definition is not necessarily a bad human being, and that there can be extenuating circumstances, especially when one puts the well-being of a child first. however, their earnestness ends up being channeled into preachy dialogue and trite situations planted to move the plot along. the decent production values and interesting use of documentary-style camera footage are not enough to accomplish their aim when the script and the acting fall flat.logic is often compromised for the sake of creating tension: soid first tries to blackmail pablo into participating in her documentary in exchange for helping them escape, then in the same breath basically tells him not to trust her because she's not helping them out of altruism. well, duh. and for a man on the run, pablo is far too swayed by a temper tantrum. cristina's well-being is so important to him that he's fleeing capture and jail or deportation for her, but he's willing to risk all that to appease her when she doesn't want to go to mexico. right. talk above over-permissive parenting. third, when pablo's employer charlie gives the phone to detective bright, she is remarkably unprofessional, especially given her seniority - did she really think she was persuasive? oh, yeah, i would have turned myself in. cch pounder's detective wims could wipe the floor with her.to be fair, i'd like to list the things i liked. um, i liked the midget. and i liked the fact that the midget was named sexy. there's cross-dressing, always a plus; juvenile cross-dressing, no less! harry is infinitely cuter than cristina. but my favorite moment in the film has to be when cristina kicks detective not-so-bright. i also find it interesting that, in a heavily minority cast (which i much appreciate, by the way), the black character is the racist one. too bad it's just thrown out there and not further explored.there's a distinctive, unconventional score, but it's nonetheless generally context-unspecific, not enhancing mood or tension in any scene, except the pathetic, anguished wailing every time the main character is in anguish, as though they think his acting doesn't show it enough: 'just in case you weren't sure, he's upset, and we have the musical cues to prove it.'stilted, clichéd dialogue results in a depressing lack of subtext; everything has to be spelled out in dialogue, even when the body language had been up 'til then conveying it just fine. for example, every impassioned speech pablo makes, and mrs. knight's lament that her child won't be crawling into bed with them in the morning.'papi, tell me about mama again' - what shameless, blatant exposition introducing the generic dead wife! (she's always the most beautiful woman the widower had ever seen, the kindest he had ever met. why can't we see a man cry over a woman like shakespeare's - she may be fat, ugly, obnoxious, but his love for her is deep as oceans? now _there's_ a story which would move me.)the police always being literally one step behind them gives many scenes the out-of-place feeling of a french farce. most boring foot chases ever - bright and lightning are so out-of-shape and easily-fooled (he certainly isn't quick as lightning, and she, well, i don't feel the need to spell things out). some guy dragging along a small child outrunning a bicycle cop, complete with macho biker picking a fight but then being felled by a child? to quote margaret cho, that's so sad. would we ever see this on 'cops '?hackneyed and over-the-top deus ex machina: as an employer, would you really waive checking his green card just because he can quote the author of the inspirational saying on a poster behind your desk?plus several scenes, including the above, threaten to devolve into porn: 'well, i'll do this favor for you, as long as you do something for me...' i can almost hear the bowm-chicka-bowm-bowm.when the parents view the footage shot of pablo's remorse, the grieving mom's freak-out is the most real the movie feels. unfortunately, this is diminished by the fact that she looks completely swayed by his emotional speech right up until she goes ballistic. a more ambivalent look would be more convincing here.i'm in constant awe of the stupidity of the main character doing things for the sake of plot: holding up a convenience store without a mask, visiting the dead girl's grave. and why doesn't the mother recognize his face from when she saw him before he drove off?! 'you seem awfully familiar...'what is the purpose of that wholly unnecessary, somewhat gratuitous scene with soid and the artificially-enhanced bartender? character development? tch. too little, too late.speaking of unnecessary traits that never went anywhere, detective lightning's saying skeptical detective bright must be a scorpio shows how little he really knows about the occult. and i don't think that believing in fate quite qualifies as voodoo mumbo jumbo.at the end, when bright holds pablo as he dies - wait, why does she care now? her character is as inconsistent as soid's. what, she has to shoot him just because she said 'stop, or i'll shoot'? (she's cared _so_much_ about her integrity thus far.) he was unarmed. there was no need for lethal force. what's wrong with shooting him in the leg to immobilize him?finally, cristina's childlike acceptance of her mother's death giving dr. knight peace over his daughter's death - so forced. and the contrivance of the family whose child was killed becoming cristina's new family... it angers me that she could be a 'replacement' for their little girl. it's also unrealistic that a white couple would take in the latino daughter of the man who killed their own daughter. i'm not saying there aren't generous, loving people who would do that. i'm just saying that the characters here are never developed far enough for me to believe that _they_ would do that.i find it offensive that another imdb reviewer said that of course as a woman she was moved by the sappy scenes. i am a woman who reserves my emotional movements for moments that don't wax sentimental in a manufactured manner.co-writer, co-director, co-star nebot said himself he wore too many hats during this production. too many cooks may spoil the broth, but one cook alone just might end up making an after-school special.in conclusion, this film's title has less to do with the story and more to do with the feeling of regret, helplessness, and loss accompanying the revelation that you will never see your money again.

this is without a shadow of a doubt the absolute worst movie steven seagal has ever made. and that says a lot. don't get fooled by the rating, it's way too good. this abomination hadn't even been worthy of a 0/10 rating, if such a thing existed. - absolutely no plot - worst action scenes ever, and there aren't too many of them either - seagal doesn't do anything himself, including the fighting, talking (lots of dubbing), and so on. as always. - seagal is fat, lazy and couldn't care less about this movie. something which is very obvious all the way throughtake all the other garbage dtv movies seagal has made, multiply them with each other, multiply this with a thousand billions, and all the badness you then get won't even describe 1 % of this absolute crapfest.

this movie was heavily marred by the presence of steven seagal. or as i should say steven so-dull! like before seagal is either too good or too stupid to re-dub his own lines, leaving someone to impersonate his voice for the shots where the sound needed to be looped. a few films before this was he has done this too, but i don't think to this extent! to be honest the film looks pretty good, the script could use some work but parts of this film looked like a real movie! of course, all told, this film is pretty bad.it would have been much better without seagal who has become a cartoon of himself. don't bother. anything over a buck for this one is too much! i honestly think this is the last time for me and a seagal film. what's taken me so long to realize this?!

steven what have you done you have hit an all new low. it is weird since steven's last film shadow man was directed by the same director who did this trash. shadow man was good this was diabolically bad so bad it wasn't even funny steven is hardly in the movie and feels like he is in a cameo appearance and when he is in the film he is dubbed half the time anyway. as for the action well let's just say the wizard of oz had more action than this trash there is hardly any action in the film and when it does finally arrive it is boring depressing badly shot so called action scenes. seagal hardly kills anyone unlike his over films where he goes one man army ie under siege 1 and 2 and exit wounds. the plot is so confusing with so many plot holes that it doesn't make scenes sometimes. flight of fury better be good what a shame i wasted 5 pounds on this garbage 0 out of ten better luck next time

even though the plot was very well detailed,and the story line was understandable the fact that steven seagals voice was dubbed with some one else's through out most of the movie was distressing as you were unsure who was talking . there were many parts where he would start to talk in his deep raspy voice and then the next some one else's voice was doing the talking for him. i don't know the reason however if he had difficulty with his voice during production of the movie i think they could have re shot the events that did not contain his own voice when he had recovered. i have rated this movie 3 out of 10 based on the quality of the film. when one pays for a movie whether or not its at the theater or on dvd this movie was not worth the admission price that was charged. i have been a long time follower of steven seagal and all his movies that he has done over the past years.to date i think this is one of the worst ones we have seen yet

steven buddy, you remember when you said this: "try to find the path of least resistance and use it without harming others. live with integrity and morality, not only with people but with all beings." you have not been doing that, you have mortally wounded your fans and their morality with these "films" i wouldn't even bother if i didn't know you are so much better than this, i've seen the videos of you teaching, you are so much better than this why why brother why...steamroller productions has been steamrolled i promise bro i am not afraid of you i will tell you the truth to your face so we can fix it.well i like some others fell asleep 90% in, but to be fair i was tired and had a large meal just an hour before hand sensai, what are you doing. 12 million? really? do you have any idea what we could have done with $12,000,000 it could have been in the theaters and a blockbuster hit, if you wanted we could have donated money from the huge profit to a homeless shelter or something. these post production people are ripping you off man the choreography was non existent, we can do better man, the eye blinking thing was from the men in black movie, i half expected will smith to appear or tommy lee jones to tell your they were gills not eyelids.seagal you are an aikido master, why are you doing this to yourself, to us? when you came on the scene, you had such a fresh direct style, and it was obvious you are a teacher cause the way your moves were so clear and crisp, watching your first three movies i felt like you were teaching me something, now i feel like you are just being ripped off or something i feel like i need to save you buddy, this time you are the one who was killed and i'm gonna go and get revenge for you by helping you make the best movie ever. bro i know who you really are, i know the truth about the nico movie. let's talk.contact me man i got some fresh ideas i am a nit picker, i swear you will not be disappointed with my attention to detail and we'll do it for the fans man, your fans deserve better, we're hanging on, but the strand is about to snap. i swear i will not let your movie out the door with a single mistake in it i'm still trying to figure out if that was the worst dubbing ever, or you have laryngitis, but i promise you i can do a better impression of your voice than the lame **** who didn't even try. i sure hope you kicked him in the nuts as his payment. i can come up with a story and a plot that can be matched to your avenging the death of your student/daughter/wife/dog/house plant niche and i promise you we will bring you back, i promise, also i want to go in the direction, that makes people think, if you let me in i promise we will make a movie that people will walk away and have to have a discussion about it, a serious thought provoking, perception altering experience.steven seagal this is my official in writing permission for imdb to release my contact info to you for the purpose of resurrecting one of the best martial arts heroes i have ever seen also, for the record hes not italian, hes irish and jew so you call it bad acting i call it terrific acting, because you have believed for 20 years that seagal is italian :) kinda changes your perception doesn't it.

they constructed this one as a kind of fantasy man from snowy river meets butch cassidy and the sundance kid, and just for a romantic touch ned and joe get to play away with high class talent, the bored young wives of wealthy older men. ok, there are lots of myths about ned kelly, but there are also a lot of well documented facts, still leaving space for artistic creativity in producing a good historical dramaticisation. i mean, this is not the robin hood story, not the arthurian legends, not beowulf, not someone whose life is so shrouded in the mists of many many centuries past that any recreation of their life and times is 99% guesswork. it's only a couple of lifetimes ago. my own grandparents were already of school age when ned was hanged. so it's silly me for fancifully imagining this movie was a serious attempt to tell the kelly story. having recently read peter carey's excellent novel "the true history of the kelly gang" i had eagerly anticipated that this would be in similar vein. but no, the fact is that mick jagger's much derided 1970 kelly was probably far closer to reality, and a better movie overall, which isn't saying a whole lot for it.glad it only cost me two bucks to hire the dvd! i'll give it 3/10, and that's only because some of the nice shots of the australian bush make me feel generous.

anyone who saw the original 1970 movie knows how an excellent cast, script, and director can put together a comedy masterpiece. by the same token, it's easy to see how the opposite of that can create another insipid hollywood bore-a-thon! this movie was pathetic! had it not been for john cleese (a comic genius), i would have walked out about 15 minutes into this dreadful waste of celluloid.neil simon wouldn't write another screenplay for this version (he said that he couldn't improve on the first), and i'm surprised that after this cinematic fiasco he wouldn't sue for defamation of humor!jack lemmon and sandy dennis did such a wonderful job in the original, what were the producers thinking about when they cast this one? how could the director and editor look at these scenes and think any of them were funny? i don't know, but one thing i do know---it's no surprise why foreign and independent movies are becoming more and more popular.......

american movies about war and nazis simply cannot be good. they can not refrain from becoming idiot and following an agenda. all nazis are bad, crazy, too proud, and americans are so modest yet so capable and sensible and human. come on, stop this bullshit. the main character says something like "by this trial, we have to make aggressive war a crime". is america a peaceful nation with its world #1 $420 billion "defense" budget (#2 china with just $51b)? is it simply spent in this without any... roi? why portray america as a peaceful nation when it isn't? i deeply dislike movies with an agenda - they throw art to hell and try to persuade us into believing something. hollywood should put a label on movies, just as record companies have that "parental advisory" label. we should have a "bullshit advisory", "propaganda advisory" or a "politically correct advisory" label on some movies. this is one of them.

this movie was disappointing. it was incomplete and dull. while alec baldwin tried to portray himself as the perfect fair and just prosecutor (not to mention executive producer), the movie never showed any of the defense counsels or tried to challenge the audience with an actual meaningful debate on the subject of how a country could be led down such a terrible path.sure, nobody wants to defend the nazi's point of view, but that was the point of the nuremberg trails! four hours of simply bashing on the nazi's.... c'mon! thats been done already!i really think alec baldwin should just stick to being kim bassinger's husband.right after the movie ended, tnt showed the 1959 movie, trail at nuremberg. that movie is far superior.

an accurate review of nuremburg must consider the door to history inadvertently opened with the movie "valkyrie" (tom cruise). "valkyrie" (2008) at long last tells the world there was a german resistance during world war two professionally organised with bureaucrats, military generals, soldiers and civilians who tried to over throw the nazi political regime, install a new chancellor, obtain peace and close the concentration camps. however, these unknown absolute heroes received no help at all from the allies who helped the french resistance just next door. history writers have used an institutionalised agenda ever since to conceal an allied evil which cost many tens of millions of lives with everyone conditioned to believe a deception that the german people completely supported the nazis and consequently deserved the 24 hour bombing genocide and "unconditional surrender" that was imposed on the germans. the german enigma codes were broken by english scientists in 1943 so much of what the germans were doing was known. during 1943 the germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers by companies including arado, heinkel and messerschmitt. however, even if the nazis were eliminated and the german resistance succeeded the allies wouldn't allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters, jet bombers, high speed submarines, ballistic missiles and radio guided missiles without the usa having them first! this is where the institutionalised agenda is relevant. consequently, the german resistance got no help at all from the allies although they always had crucial intelligence to eliminate adolf hitler. the 20 july 1944 coup is proof there were significant efforts by the germans to obtain peace. instead, the germans got ultimatums of "unconditional surrender" and 24 hour saturation bombing in an agenda to avoid peace. the allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the germans and contain complete ownership through an "unconditional surrender." it was a premeditated allied agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the nazis in power to justify the 24 hour bombing but it took one year after d-day before allied armies advanced into germany to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists at the barrel of a gun. however, tens of millions of people had died since the allies abandoned the german resistance for their own greed. the allies imposed "unconditional surrender" on the germans as a pretext to complete ownership and control of german property and government and it was done without using the german resistance to over throw the nazis. the allies wanted to steal the world's greatest technology and scientists from the germans to achieve world technological supremacy. consequently, everything else took second place to the evil allied agenda which killed millions of german people in the 24 hour bombing; the concentration camps stayed open; the war was prolonged and led to the "cold war" with weapons based on german industrial achievements, technology, and scientists taken from the germans in world war two.the 1946 nuremburg war crimes trials were a public relations deception and mass murder perpetrated by the allies as retrospective justice to the nazis. it was a smoke screen to hide the evil and greedy allied agenda for world technological supremacy rather than help the german resistance overthrow the nazi political regime.tens of millions of people died because the allies abandoned the german resistance to an agenda but they inflicted retribution against the german chiefs of staff anyway whom paid with their lives at nuremburg war crimes or not although the allies had perpetrated genocide to achieve world technological supremacy.

apparently most viewer knows nothing about the history of europe, including germany, hungary and the whole central and eastern europe as well as the hitler and stalin era. nuremberg (and a lot of forgotten trials all over europe) was a revenge and injustice of the winners. what do you think, why were not any american, british, french or soviet defendants after the wwii? there were no american, british etc. war crimes? there were no hiroshima, no nagasaki, no tokyo, no dresden, no hamburg, no berlin, no katyn and so on? the germans had war crimes too, but in nuremberg the justice was not a real consideration. the main point was: vae victis! germany must perish! (that was also a book title in america, 1941.)this film is an awful, ignoble american brainwashing instrument, full of error, lie, propaganda, prejudice and injustice. and first of all: full of hypocrisy. but not surprisingly... why wasn't enough the nuremberg process itself? this film is a nightmare. total darkness after 60 years! this darkness (and hate and narcissism and lack of self-criticism) is the real cause of the massacres in korea, vietnam, cambodia, serbia, iraq and so forth. and there are no american war criminals... bravo, america! very clever. even stalin would become envious of it...

i couldn't believe my eyes when i watched nuremberg yesterday on dutch television. it starts very slowly, the backgrounds of the nuremberg trials become clear step by step, the germans have a funny english accent, but then, suddenly, in the last few minutes of the first part of the series, the audience gets to see the most shocking, horrific footage i have ever seen.it is important that people get to see such footage (although i absolutely don't agree with people stating that there is no minimum age at which children can be exposed to this kind of material), but in this film it was completely ridiculous. it was purely meant to improve the impact of an ordinary tv series. it was meant to shock the audience which is very cheap and unbelievably easy. in stead of trying to move us with well-done scenes, inspiring dialogue or interesting viewpoint's, the audience is being tortured with horrible images of skin-and-bones camp inmates. it doesn't show any respect for the victims of the holocaust.i'm very angry.

that word 'true' in this film's title got my alarm bells ringing. they rang louder when a title card referred to america's civil war as the 'war between the states' (the circumlocution preferred by die-hard southerners). jesse james -- thief, slave-holder and murderer -- is described as a quiet, gentle farm boy.how dishonest is this movie? there is no mention of slavery, far less of the documented fact that jesse james's poor widdered mother owned slaves before the war, and that jesse and his brother frank actively fought to preserve slavery. according to this movie, all those civil war soldiers were really fighting to decide whether missouri is a northern state or a southern state ... that's all. (missouri: it's a candy mint! it's a breath mint!) black people are entirely absent from this movie, except for two glimpses of a pair of beggars, one of whom wears a "help the poor" sign that's very implausibly typeset instead of handwritten. (some shots of 19th-century newspapers are inaccurate too, with 20th-century type fonts.)this film has a weird flashback structure. there's some very impressive stunt riding (and some fine work by stunt horses), and one excellent montage. i savoured one line of dialogue: 'some of those boys will never taste beans again.' the movie gets a few facts straight: agnes moorehead, as jesse's mother, conceals her right arm in the scenes following the raid by the agents of pinkerton (here called 'remington') in which jesse james's real-life mother suffered injuries requiring the amputation of her lower arm. some errors here are pardonable: during his bushwhacking days, the real jesse james accidentally shot off part of his left middle finger, but robert wagner (in the title role here) does not have a stumpfinger. i've seen a photo of jesse james's real wife; if she had looked half as glamorous as hope lange looks in this movie, jesse james might have stayed home more.there's plenty of revisionism here, and most of the male actors wear 1950s hairstyles. but many of this movie's errors were avoidable. jesse james's mentor william quantrill is mentioned several times, but all the actors mispronounce his name. we see jesse and his wife moving into an elaborate two-storey house (where he will soon die) after paying a rent of $18. actually, jesse james's last residence (at 1318 lafayette street, st joseph, missouri) was a simple one-storey cottage, renting for $14. there was no upper storey ... so, when jesse james is killed, his wife could not come running from upstairs as hope lange does here. (she was actually in the kitchen.)one continuity error: robert wagner (with no stunt double) does an impressive job of taking a slug to the jaw and falling over while his hands are tied behind his back ... but when he gets up, the rope binding his wrists has vanished.the screenplay does some weird and unnecessary juggling of dates. following the northfield robbery attempt, jesse says he expects to get home by his birthday. the actual northfield bank raid by the james gang (7 september, 1876) was two days after jesse james's birthday. (maybe he meant next year's birthday.) later, we see jesse and his wife moving into their st joseph home on a fine summer day, while jesse tells her what he plans to do when christmas eve arrives ... but in real life, mr and mrs jesse james moved into that house on 24 december, 1881 ... so this scene should *be* on christmas eve! these errors were entirely avoidable.some of the fictionalisations here don't make sense. according to this movie, the northfield bank raid failed because one (fictional) henchman was late in cutting the telegraph wires. if this had actually happened, it would indeed have hampered the james gang's getaway ... but it wouldn't have affected the robbery itself, which failed for other reasons.there are good performances here by jeffrey hunter (as frank james), moorehead, alan hale jnr (as cole younger) and by stage actress marian seldes in a rare screen role. i was disappointed by robert wagner, normally an under-rated actor. elsewhere, wagner has proved his impressive range by convincingly portraying heroes, villains and morally ambiguous characters. here, he can't seem to decide whether to depict jesse james as a goodie or a baddie ... so he doesn't much bother. john carradine phones in his performance in a brief role as a fictional jackleg preacher who baptises jesse and his wife at their wedding. in fact, jesse james was baptised in childhood by his uncle, a methodist minister ... but perhaps this second baptism is a topping-up.jesse james was no robin hood. (i doubt that robin hood was robin hood either, but that's another story.) there is not one single documented instance of jesse james ever sharing his loot with anyone beyond his own family. after some of his hold-ups, he didn't even split the swag with the rest of his gang. in this movie, jesse gets gunned down right after he vows to give up his bandit ways forever. in reality, the night before his death, jesse james and the ford brothers stole horses that jesse planned to use the next day in a robbery of the platte city bank. as preparation for most of his robberies, jesse james stole horses from local farmers ... the same poor folk who (in the inaccurate legends) were supposedly the beneficiaries of his largesse. i cringed at one scene here, in which the fictional jesse james is so gol-durn refined that he disapproves of an oil painting which tastefully depicts nudes.'the true (not much!) story of jesse james' is wilfully dishonest about a thieving murderer, and likewise dishonest about the civil war. for the very impressive stunt work, one good montage and a few fine acting turns, i'll rate this obscenely dishonest movie 2 points out of 10.

fox's "the true story of jesse james" (1957) is a remarkably poor widescreen remake of their prestigious 1939 tyrone power/henry fonda classic "jesse james". i'm not sure where the fault lies but the casting in this version of the two central characters, the uneven direction of nicholas ray and the ham-fisted screenplay must surely have something to do with it.in the late thirties and forties tyrone power was fox's top leading man but in the fifties his star began to wane and studio head darryl zanuck started to groom newcomer robert wagner to take his place. this was a major error on zanuck's part as wagner proved to be a less than a suitable replacement. with the possible exceptions of "broken lance" (1954) and "between heaven & hell" (1956) it is hard to think of wagner distinguishing himself in anything! also, jeffrey hunter was nothing more than a fox contract player before being assigned to play frank james to wagner's jesse in "the true story of jesse james". borrowed from the studio the previous year this actor's one distinguishing mark was his excellent and revealing performance in john ford's classic "the searchers". but his playing here, along with wagner as the second half of the james brothers, is nothing short of boring. neither player bring any personality or colour to their respective roles. they totally miss the mark, lacking the charisma and appeal so vividly displayed by power and fonda in the original. the movie is also marred by too many flashbacks and with the all over the place screenplay wagner, as the robin hood of the american west, comes across as a charmless introverted twit that you can feel no empathy for whatsoever. the supporting cast are hardly worth mentioning but it is a shame to see such a great actress as agnes moorhead barely getting a look in as ma james.the best aspects of this uninvolving so-so western is the wonderful cinemascope/colour cinematography by the great joe mcdonald and the excellent music score by the underrated and little known composer leigh harline!

it's difficult to put into words the almost seething hatred i have of this film. but i'll try:every other word was an expletive, the sex scenes were uncomfortable, drugs were rampant and stereotyping was beyond the norm, if not offensive to italian-americans.i'm not saying the acting was terrible, because leguizamo, sorvino, brody, espisito et. al, performed well. but...almost every character in the film i despised. not since the bonfire of the vanities have i disliked every character on screen.

ned kelly (ledger), the infamous australian outlaw and legend. sort of like robin hood, with a mix of billy the kid, australians love the legend of how he stood up against the english aristocratic oppression, and united the lower classes to change australia forever. the fact that the lower classes of the time were around 70% immigrant criminals seems to be casually skimmed around by this film. indeed, quite a few so called `facts' in this film are, on reflection, a tad dubious.i suppose the suspicions should have been aroused when, in the opening credits, it was claimed that this film is based upon the book, `our sunshine'. if ever a romanticized version of truth could be seen in a name for a book, there it was. this wasn't going to be a historical epic, but just an adaptation of one of many dubious legends of ned kelly, albeit a harsh and sporadically brutal version.unfortunately, ned kelly is nothing more than an overblown hallmark channel `real life historical drama' wannabe! the story plods along at an alarming rate (alarming because never has a film plodded so slowly!) the feeling of numbness after the two hours of pure drivel brought back memories of costner's awful wyatt earp all those years ago. simply put, nothing happens in the film, but it takes a long time getting to that nothing. this would possibly have been a tad more bearable if the performances were good (because the direction sure as heck wasn't). however, unless you are looking to play a game of spot the worst oirish accent, then you're gonna be disappointed. between that, the game of `who has the stupidest beard?', `spot the obvious backstabber!' (clue, they are all ginger for some reason), and `nature in australia.including lions', it is an experience similar to flicking through hallmark, the history channel, discovery channel, and neighbours whilst suffering a huge hangover. yup, nature pops up a lot, as to fill even more time (possibly an attempt to look arty), the film keeps showing pointless wildlife shots, and once all the native species are shown, here's a circus to allow for a camel and a lion (which is used during one fight to try to make us actually feel more sorry for the lion than the massacred people).this is a turgid, emotionless piece of historical fluff which should have gone straight to tv. there isn't even one good word i can say about this film. even the usually fantastic rush seems embarrassed to be here. when one of the characters comments that there is only 2 bullets left for him and his pal, i myself was wishing i had a gun to blow any memory of this film out of my head!

you don't expect much from a prc picture, and with rare exceptions--mainly from edgar g. ulmer and a few by joseph h. lewis or lew landers--that's exactly what you get: not much. this "epic" about nazis in africa trying to incite an arab revolt against the british isn't much different. the script, by longtime prc hacks arthur st. claire and sherman lowe, is trite, laughable, full of unfunny "wisecracks" and plot holes the size of outer mongolia. the direction, by longtime prc no-budget specialist al herman, is semi-comatose at best. the performances, though--except for spectacularly incompetent and irritatingly hammy lead walter woolf king--aren't really half bad. veteran comedian parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the film. he plays a guy from brooklyn masquerading as a razor-blade salesman and brightens up the screen considerably when he shows up. he's got great comic timing, charm to spare and seems to be having a heck of a good time. duncan renaldo is fairly convincing as an arab sheik--despite his spanish accent--and veteran bad guy george j. lewis as renaldo's arab rival does his usual fine job of villainy, even if he goes a bit over the top sometimes. joan woodbury is quite pretty and has a nice light touch, and she and renaldo have great chemistry together, although--like the rest of the cast--she has none at all with king. h.b. warner, whose career stretched back to the silent era, lends a shred of dignity to the low-rent proceedings, even though he blows his lines several times and, prc being prc, they weren't cut out. there's a great deal of stock footage spliced in from a big-budget silent movie with a similar arab theme--although i have no idea which one it is--and, prc being prc, no effort was made to try to make it inconspicuous: i've seldom seen stock footage that was so blatantly obvious."a yank in libya" isn't very good, of course--well, ok, it stinks--but it would be worth a look just to see parkyakarkus in his prime. i had heard of him and knew that he was the father of actor/director albert brooks and super dave osborne, but had never actually seen him in anything before. it was worth watching this tenth-rate prc "extravaganza" just to see him in action. otherwise, forget it.

woman (miriam hopkins as virginia) chases man (joel mccrea as kenneth) for father (charles winninger as b.j.). woman wants to get man to invest some of deceased mother's money in father's business venture; but, father is notorious for losing money on hair-brained schemes. little does anyone know, but real evil schemers are posing as man's best friends in order to steal his fortune...the production looks engaging, but the story fails to engage. the players don't play drunk well. notable as broderick crawford's first appearance - as gopher "hunk"; other than running errands, mr. crawford gets pinned to the floor by mr. mccrea. *** woman chases man (4/28/37) john g. blystone ~ miriam hopkins, joel mccrea, charles winninger, broderick crawford

it felt like i watched this movie thousand times before.it was absolutely predictable.every time the story tried to get a bit twisted,every time i awaited something interesting to happen, i saw nothing but what i expected. like "the bread factory opened up another facility,because there was not enough bread". in two words:flat story,that has become a cliché,bad acting,bad special effects...only the dumb russian cop,vlad, was a bit funny while punishing around the bad guys.the pile of muscles was so incredibly stupid,that it made me laugh at him for a moment. i wonder why i waste my time spitting on that shame-of-a-movie... it won't get worse (because it is not possible) :d

this movie is a vehicle for schwarzenegger-clone alexander nevsky. his charisma however is insufficient to lift this movie above the level of its poor script. he has little to add to his arnie-act.michael york is quite pathetic as the begging diplomat. watching him revisit his d'artagnan-act from the time that he was a better actor made me feel uneasy. come on, you can do better than that!the story is full of holes and unexplained relations; top of this bill is the informer of vlad, who sounds like an american woman, but from the context appears to be working for a russian government-department.although the story takes place well after the end of the communist-regime, all the russian characters are still very communist-like. in contradiction to that, vlad is allowed to drive a pimped up all utility vehicle as police-car. the action scenes are poorly shot and therefore lack dynamics.not a must see movie...

but it does have some good action and a plot that is somewhat interesting. nevsky acts like a body builder and he isn't all that attractive, in fact, imo, he is ugly. ( his acting skills lack everything! ) sascha is played very well by joanna pacula, but she needed more lines than she was given, her character needed to be developed. there are way too many men in this story, there is zero romance, too much action, and way too dumb of an ending. it is very violent. i did however love the scenery, this movie takes you all over the world, and that is a bonus. i also liked how it had some stuff about the mafia in it, not too much or too little, but enough that it got my attention. the actors needed to be more handsome...the biggest problem i had was that nevsky was just too normal, not sexy enough. i think for most guys, sascha will be hot enough, but for us ladies that are fans of action, nevsky just doesn't cut it. overall, this movie was fine, i didn't love it nor did i hate it, just found it to be another normal action flick.

a retired diplomat, played nicely by michael york, goes to russia to get revenge on the russian gangster that murdered the diplomat's policeman son. there the diplomat meets an exceptionally strong and decent russian cop who helps him bring the russian gangster to justice.i remembered the old action flicks of the 1980s that always portray the russians as evil bad guys out to undermine the righteous u.s. government. it's interesting to see this time the russian guy as a hero.not a great flick, it's really typically a "b" action flick. michael york lends some class to this mediocre movie. alexander nevsky, who plays the russian cop is kind of "blah" but surprisingly has some chemistry with michael york. face it, michael york is such a good actor that he'd have chemistry with anyone he's doing a scene with. disappointingly, the handsome adrian paul gets killed within the first 15 minutes into the movie. now, if adrian paul was in this movie longer, it would've been an above average "b" action flick. all i can say about adrian paul is that he is real nice to look at for the first 15 minutes of the movie. the villain, played by richard tyson, is your typical bad guy. he's very blonde and very villainous in this movie.rent this flick if there is nothing else on tv to watch. it's okay. it doesn't suck too bad. the action scenes are decent. the acting could be better, the plot could've moved much faster, but hey, you get to see what russia looks like today!

i saw this at the premiere in melbourneit is shallow, two-dimensional, unaffecting and, hard to believe given the subject matter, boring. the actors are passable, but they didn't have much to work with given the very plodding and unimpressive script. for those who might have worried that ned kelly would be over-intellectualised, you can take comfort in the fact that this telling of the story is utterly without any literary depth at all, told entirely on the surface and full of central casting standards. however, it doesn't work as a popcorn film either. its pacing is too off-kilter and its craft is too lacking to satisfy even on the level of a mundane actioner.i very much doubt gregor jordan could sit back and say to himself "this is the best i could have done with the material".ned kelly is a fascinating figure, and equally so is the national response to him. possibly folk genius, possibly class warrior, possibly psychopath and probably all these things, he has dominated australian true mythology for over 120 years. once again, his story has failed miserably on the big screen.such is life.

florence chadwick was actually the far more accomplished swimmer, of course. she swam the english channel both directions. she swam from catalina island to the california coast. marilyn bell's is a sweet story, but the usual glorification of us canadians in the face of a superior world. another sample of our inferiority complex. our political system works pretty well and the health system allows people not to die in hospital lobbies. that's pretty good. better than lebanon. what should we do about hockey though...? and curling. the notion of calling this a sport, of its inclusion in the olympics...! ah, but we digress...

the title of worse film of all time is one that gets handed out quickly and often. most of the time it is exaggeration of the fact but i would like to welcome alone in the dark to the short list of real candidates: plan 9 from outer space, battlefield earth, and the adventures of pluto nash.as i watched the 90 minute bore i found it difficult to even stay awake even while i was trying so hard to laugh at the film. but alas i felt alone in the dark (i was gonna try to avoid the pun but i couldn't resist) as i looked around hoping to see mike nelson and his two robot friends. alas my friends and i had to provide comedy throughout the film.so... about the film itself. lets talk about the action and effects since that should be the only positive part of the film. the film contains evil creatures that are a cross between the xenos in aliens (they even call them xenos), and the creatures in pitch black. the can turn invisible at random (and i assure you it is random) and get hurt by light. also present are small centipede creatures used to control humans that transform them into something resembling a zombie. all of these are shown with outdated special effects that would have been mediocre in 1997. the action scenes are chaotic and are impossible to follow. people shooting randomly on a blue screen stage or an empty set at monsters who were inserted in post. light quickly flashes on a dark screen making your pupils burn from overwork while bad rock music blares in the background.and those were the high points. the story revolving around a paranormal investigator (slater) whose idea of looking tough is wearing a black wife beater tshirt with a trench-coat and not shaving for 2 days. an archaeologist (reid) who is rather inept. and a government agent(dorff) whose lines involve barking order. all three should be ashamed at their performances (not that they have really ever done a good a job before) and the casting director should be ashamed. reid and slater are supposed to be lovers in the film i guess. the film contains the single most awkward love scene i have ever seen on film between the two.then comes the plot. quiet frankly the parts that make sense are not interesting at all. the rest is illogical at best. the plot holes could contain the collective egos of all three stars. the film begins with text and a voice explaining the back-story. this opening lasts for over a minute and already the viewer knows they are in for something terrible. this opening narration is later repeated adnausem in the awkward dialog in a very clumsy and heavy handed fashion through the rest of the film. and the ending did not make one ounce of sense. not only did it not make sense in the world of the film, it simply did not make sense.finally the direction of one uwe boll. disgrace, thats all that can be said. his use of shaking the camera to simulate suspense. his lack of direction with the actors. just watch reid in scenes in which she is not center focus of the shot. the complete waste of special effects money for bullet time effects. and finally choosing to use voice over to explain something that should be painfully obvious to the viewers.i payed a $1.50 to see this show at a second run theater. and while the laughs me and my friends provided made it worth every quarter i would advise people to avoid paying any more for this film. grab about 3 friends and split the rental cost and tear this movie a new one.shame on you uwe boll. shame on you tara reid. shame on you christian slater. shame on you stephen dorff. shame on anyone who was associated with this film.

this should be my kind of movie. even if it sucked, it still should have been right up my alley; hell, i like "congo," and "allan quatermaine" movies. i have a soft spot in my heart for silly alien/demon/adventure movies. let's go over why i decided to watch this in the first place.1. horror/sci-fi almost always intrigues me 2. i'm a big fan of archaeology, and this movie does involve a rare treasure. 3. super-natural enemies with quality fx. 4. christian slater and dorf i generally enjoy. 5. tara reid is hot.so this movie had potential, at least in the cheese-horror section of the video store, but boy did it suck ass. the only redeeming aspects are slater and dorf, and not everyone finds them as entertaining as i do...i mean, let's face it, both are melodramatic. but now on to some of the many faults.tara reid. even though the movie as a whole is worse, reid's performance is truly awful. we're not just talking bad, i'm talking about nominating tara reid for worst performance of the year. i don't know if she is capable of acting, but playing the museum curator is simply out of her league...completely. watching her try to carry the roll of educated scientist wasn't much different than what you get watching the setup in bad porn. i mean this isn't just bad, it is laughably bad. oh, and for those of you curious, she doesn't get naked, only down to a bra in a silly, totally unnecessary love scene.even with reid's performance, perhaps the movie could have worked, but the plot is what dominates, and the plot seems written by a 10 year old. i hadn't realized this was a video game adaptation until after watching the dvd, otherwise i would have appreciated the stupidity in real-time. the storyline jumps back and forth from slater's childhood at an orphanage where he gets flashbacks of something terrible that happened, he has amnesia, of course. in his adult life slater was recruited by some unit 713, a paranormal military force that apparently hunts evil or something. slater had to leave because he was too rebellious, i guess, you never really know unless it was in one of those voice-overs i zoned out during. the movie starts with slater hunting artifacts, obtaining his latest piece after some dealings with a "chilean mercenary force specializing in selling rare antiquities." i may have the exact quote wrong, but you get the idea.there is an evil doctor that wants to unleash some hellions on earth (no reason given), experiments on children, super demon/alien-human hybrids, "photonic" bullets (the demon things can't stand sunlight) and, of course, slater and dorf to try to save everyone.jesus, i can't even being to wade through the clichéd elements. the script badly needed reworking to narrow the focus and provide some depth. i mean, why is this evil scientist so damn evil? oh right, humans are doomed and he is just trying to save the human race. i guess he's infected? how did that happen? oh right he has one of the evil demon things in a cage and draws its blood to shoot into himself. how the hell did that happen? why and where did he get the super slugs (oh yes, they use the old sci-fi stand by of parasitic aliens/demons which "fuse" with the spine of their host)of course, slater is, like blade, half super-slug powered, but his slug "didn't fully fuse due to an electrical shock," thank god. oh, and the people with these "fused" spines, have no idea they're half-alien/demon and act as good members of the community until some secret signal is given whence they turn killer zombies. yeah we get zombies.so lots of crap that could be entertaining, but none of it is.also, the ending is completely stupid as everything turns out to be not that big of a deal to fix in the first place...at least nothing a little dynamite can't handle.not the very worst thing you'll see, but a truly bad movie.

tara reid as an intellectual, christian slater(usually great) as a dollar store constantine and stephen dorff as...well it's stephen dorff for christ sake!!!! i personally just want to thank those brilliant casting directors for the hard work and effort. you guys are on. heres an idea, just my humble lowly opinion as the movie going public but it follows directly with your previous choices,a movie about the most brilliant neuro-physicist in history invent one pill to cure all diseases ever known to man and get this, heres the clincher they have to be played by jessica simpson and paris hilton. i knew you guys would love that. seriously though you owe me $7.50.

spoilers ahead, but does it really matter? have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions? could this be it? why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world? why is this question never answered? why was the opening text crawl incoherent? why would a nun (she sure seemed nice!) hand over 20 orphans to a madman? has there always been a gold mine in downtown vancouver? why does one of the gold mine's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage? why does tara reid's character suddenly show up at christian slater's apartment for sex? (or did i just answer my own question?) why would even a non-archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer? why would modern computers still display green pre-tron-era grid outlines of objects, complete with little "bleeps"? and must all movie explosive timers have digital displays? why doesn't anything in this movie make any sense?

honestly, i can't be bothered to spend my time writing about this milestone of cinematic incompetence - life is simply too short. what i will say is that, alone in the dark succeeds in only three things: 1. it will make you laugh, but for all the wrong reasons. 2. it manages to throw several useless plots into the air but dropping all of them.and3. it utterly disgraces the classic pc game on which it is supposedly based by being a complete failure in all aspects of film-making.doctor boll, if that is indeed what you are (i'm thinking proctology here), what on earth are you doing in a director's chair?

i usually start by relaying the premise of the film, but before anyone makes any hasty judgments about my review, let me preface it by saying that i'm someone who likes most films (just check my other reviews). alone in the dark is a film by director uwe boll, whose film right before this one was house of the dead (2003). like alone in the dark, it was also a film adaptation of a video game. almost everyone hated it. well, i loved it. i even gave it a 10 out of 10! my point in stating this (which will surely turn some readers off immediately) is that if even i hated alone in the dark, there must be something wrong with it.the premise: who am i kidding? attempting to state a premise for this film is about as easy as trying to balance the united states' budget, but here it goes anyway. some archaeologists discovered evidence of some lost american indian tribe. the indian tribe apparently had discovered some means of broaching the "second world", which was evil in nature. the bad stuff wiped them out, but not before they could lock the door to the evil world and throw away the key. later, some scientist/government researcher who had been experimenting with the paranormal, and specifically this tribe, decided to experiment on some kids, to try to produce some kind of hybrid with the second world. (believe it or not--everything up to this point and then some is told to us in a written prologue to the film--it's just white text scrolling across a black screen with a voice-over also reading it to us). then, there was something about the kids being in an orphanage, but the government takes them back out, and then a bunch of people are searching for archaeological relics, and there are super humans roaming around, and a bunch of military people are called in and on and on.in fact, the exposition never really stops. it's like a neverending backstory from hell. there are enough ideas here to fill at least 10 films, maybe 25. but not one of them is presented in a coherent way to create one good film. in addition to the mystical lost indian tribe and the superhumans, we also get monsters that resemble a cross between alien and a werewolf, worms that invade your body and turn into snake-like aliens, tunneling worms underground, zombies, starship trooper-like wars, evil scientists, underground lairs, gold mines, spooky warehouses, impalements, big mostly unused museums, government conspiracies, golden trunks pulled out of the sea, nuns, explosions, complex backstabbing plots, a very ambiguous romance, car chases, home invasions, kitchen sinks . . . wait, i can't remember if that last one was in the film. even more amazingly (amusingly?), in fangoria #240, producer shawn williamson was quoted as saying, "we're spending much more time on story, being very meticulous about that". tara reid called alone in the dark "a smarter film".let me not mislead anyone. a lot of that stuff above might sound yummy to the potential audience for this film, but the problem is that nothing has the slightest connection to anything else. i usually had no idea what any setting's relation was to any other setting, why we were there, or what anyone was doing (at least when each scene began). it's just a random mishmash of settings and clichés, as if director uwe boll had 250 unrelated ideas in a hat and pulled them out like lottery numbers. then when he was done, he and editor richard schwadel decided to cut the film by using dice, then reassembled it by throwing the i ching. sometimes the film plays like an extended director's reel (which is a combination of short, varied, unrelated scenes that directors circulate to try to get work), but perhaps that's being too generous. i'm not sure boll would get work if this were his reel. just as i tend to at least like most films, i tend to like most actors and most performances. it's very rare that i say that a performance was bad. well, tara reid was bad here--and i'm someone who usually likes reid. i don't know what happened. for a large percentage of the film, they just move her around the set like a prop. they might as well have just bought a blow-up doll. that would have saved them money that they could have used for some cgi ghosts and vampires in castle and graveyard settings. maybe they chose to move her around like a pretty piece of driftwood after they saw the dailies of her mumbling nonsense dialogue in a monotone that's usually reserved for entertaining mother-in-laws.and speaking of that dialogue, a lot of alone in the dark plays like a godzilla film without godzilla. by that, i mean that it's a lot of pseudo-scientific gobbledy-gook. at least in godzilla films, there's a campiness to it, because they know how ridiculous it is, and there's a big payoff in that we get to see godzilla destroy downtown and battle a giant gnat with radioactive death beams shooting from its eyes or something.just what stephen dorff and christian slater are doing here, besides overacting and filing lawsuits against their agents, is difficult to say. i can't say that i thought anyone in the film had a decent performance, although maybe slater at least saw the cigar. i think that's unprecedented for me.still, i didn't give this film a 1. there was some competent cinematography, even if boll and schwadel made mincemeat out of it, and the hard rock tunes over the end credits were good. heck, even the novelette prologue wasn't so bad. i actually thought the film had promise at that point. but this may just be the worst film i've ever seen with a budget of 20 million or more.

the definition of an abomination as defined by webster's dictioary is "a cause of abhorrence or disgust." if someone can think of a more appropriate word or definition than this for alone in the dark, please let me know because this is the best i can come up with. however, i do no feel that in anyway this word describes how truly awful this film is.i went to see this film with two of my roommates. one has very similar tastes to me, the other is an action/adventure flick guru. this latter guy usually doesn't care about the size of the plot holes, as long as the movie contains lots of explosions he will walk away satisfied.that being said we entered the theater for the friday viewing of alone in the dark. little to my surprise we were the only people in the theater. when it started i knew why immediately.it begins with the worst opening scene of any movie, and unfortunately i have to admit it only gets worse from there. the opening scene is a 5 minute scroll text that is narrated. yet, i understand why it was narrated. the director must have understood that only illiterate people would even ascertain the thought of paying to see this movie. yet, not only is this first scene the longest scroll text in the history of cinema, but it also makes no sense. it seems as if in the same sequence we are hearing about to completely separate movies. one is about an ancient civilization and its tampering with a portal, the other is about a crazy scientist and his experiments on orphans. if you are reading this and are confused, you are not alone.then the awful storyline, acting, effects, and camera work begin. tara reid is horrendous as an actress. she does nothing to even for one second make you think that she is a museum curator. slater is just bad, not convincing, and has no chemistry with reid.the plot is probably the worst thing ever created by man. the entire time myself and the roommate with similar tastes are asking questions like: what is this? and what is going on? other than this scrolling garbage we have a few narrated sequences by slater himself. are they good? no. do they explain anything? no. do we at any point as an audience have the slightest inkling as to why we should care what happens? once again, no.then we have a random sex scene. we are told that slater and reid are together, yet at no time do they act as though they even care about on another. but then bam...sex scene. once again i don't know.a good, oh i don't know, 30 seconds after that woeful scene ends we have a gunfight with 20 or so military and a similar number of alien things. this is set to a heavy-metal track and causes more brain hemorrhaging than one ever thought possible.and if that wasn't enough...there exists no main villain. there is the scientist and there are the "alien" things. at one point the scientist controls the alien things and stands on a hill commanding them to attack the military outpost. why? how did he become the supreme commander of these things? why do they listen to him? once again i have no idea.the movie ends with slater and reid walking in an evacuated city. why was the city evacuated? did the alien things break through? did the military tell them? who knows...and by this point who cares? i didn't and you won't.but to top it off, slater and reid are attacked by an alien thing. even though it was stated that alien things will be killed by exposure to sunlight. and thats right, you guessed it, it the middle of the *&%$ing day and it's bright as can be. maybe the alien thing bought a pair of sunglasses, i don't know and i don't care.now after the movie ended i ran outside the theater, all 6 foot 6 inches of me, waving my arms and shaking my afro telling everyone not to go see this movie. even my gung-ho action/adventure roommate (who would consider a movie that just cut and pasted 2 hours of explosion into 1 film to be the greatest thing ever created) admitted that plot holes were very evident in this film.to sum up this crap-fest i give it a 0.0/10 and would give it lower if i could.unequivocally, the worst movie ever made. i wouldn't wish this movie on my worst enemy.

the minute the forward started, i knew we were in for trouble! the premise is laughable at best. the story line was even worse, if that is possible.the acting was stiff and the actors gave off a sense of inexperience. you expect more from the likes of slater, reid and dorff. lines were delivered as if from a robot. and i'm sorry, i like reid but she was very unbelievable as an archaeologist. slater and dorff picked a lousy film to try and stage their comebacks. the continuity was off through out the entire film. the creatures weren't bad, but they really weren't good either. bottom line, i want that ninety minutes of my life back. they can keep the money, but give me the time! what a waste.

this movie succeeds at being one of the most unique movies you've seen. however this comes from the fact that you can't make heads or tails of this mess. it almost seems as a series of challenges set up to determine whether or not you are willing to walk out of the movie and give up the money you just paid. if you don't want to feel slighted you'll sit through this horrible film and develop a real sense of pity for the actors involved, they've all seen better days, but then you realize they actually got paid quite a bit of money to do this and you'll lose pity for them just like you've already done for the film. i can't go on enough about this horrible movie, its almost something that ed wood would have made and in that case it surely would have been his masterpiece.to start you are forced to sit through an opening dialogue the likes of which you've never seen/heard, this thing has got to be five minutes long. on top of that it is narrated, as to suggest that you the viewer cannot read. then we meet mr. slater and the barrage of terrible lines gets underway, it is as if he is operating solely to get lines on to the movie poster tag line. soon we meet stephen dorff, who i typically enjoy) and he does his best not to drown in this but ultimately he does. then comes the ultimate insult, tara reid playing an intelligent role, oh help us! tara reid is not a very talented actress and somehow she continually gets roles in movies, in my opinion though she should stick to movies of the american pie type. all in all you just may want to see this for yourself when it comes out on video, i know that i got a kick out of it, i mean lets all be honest here, sometimes its comforting to revel in the shortcomings of others.

well where do i begin my story?? i went to this movie tonight with a few friends not knowing more than the actors that were in it, and that it was supposed to be a horror movie.well i figured out within the first 20 minutes, what a poor decision i had made going out seeing this movie. the plot was crap, and so was the script. the lines were horrible to the point that people in the audience were laughing hysterically.the cast couldn't have been more plastic looking. even some of the scenes seemed like they should have been made much quicker...like they dragged on for no particular reason. very poor editing.all in all this movie was a giant waste of time and money. boo.

the movie starts out with some scrolling text which takes nearly five minutes. it gives the basic summary of what is going on. this could have easily been done with acting but instead you get a scrolling text effect. soon after you are bombarded with characters that you learn a little about, keep in mind this is all you will learn about them. the plot starts to get off the ground and then crashes through the entire movie. not only does the plot change, but you might even ask yourself if your watching the same movie. i have never played the video game, but know people who have. from my understanding whether you've played the game or not this movie does not get any better. save your money unless you like to sleep at the theaters.

i saw this film opening weekend in australia, anticipating with an excellent cast of ledger, edgerton, bloom, watts and rush that the definitive story of ned kelly would unfold before me. unfortunately, despite an outstanding performance by heath ledger in the lead role, the plot was paper thin....which doesn't inspire me to read "our sunshine". there were some other plus points, the support acting from edgerton in particular, assured direction from jordan (confirming his talent on show in buffalo soldiers as well), and production design that gave a real feel of harshness to the australian bush, much as the irish immigrants of the early 19th century must have seen it. but i can't help feeling that another opportunity has been missed to tell the real story of an australian folk hero (or was he?)....in what i suspect is a concession to hollywood and selling the picture in the us. oh well, at least jordan and the producers didn't agree to lose the beards just to please universal...guess i will just have to content myself with peter carey's excellent "secret history of the kelly gang". 4/10

the annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story...it's something i would have done my 1st year in film school. very sad. additionally, the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason...there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story, which makes me feel that the creative team didn't really know what they were doing, or just that it should have been shorter...which would have been a blessing, not a crime. as i have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week...i'd have to say that this was by far the worst, and i just wanted to warn others not to start with this one.

the deceptive cover, title and very small hidden print of power of prayer tricked me into renting this movie.it started out really well and pulled me in. i really liked it. between 1/3 and 3/4's of it, the film started throwing in things that were not set up and made no sense. my first thought was, "this is not written by someone who knows how to tell a story." i ended up re-watching parts of the movie, thinking i had missed something.by the time i reached the last 1/5 of the movie, it was all boring, annoying, religion thumping dialog that made no sense, said nothing, and was annoying to listen to; i turned off the sound and did a fast forward to the end.don't waste your time with this flick.beware of dvds labeled whitlow films and level path productions.and i'm a practicing catholic.

things i learned from "the list".a decent cinematographer, a hot girl who can act and malcom mcdowell couldn't stop this movie from sucking.blockbuster won't give you your money back.even when he reads the script and says "ugh! really?!", malcom mcdowell still tries.chuck carrington desperately needs acting classes.hire a writer.jesus hates me too and punished me by making me pay $ 5.50 to see this movie.when making a movie, you don't need an ending. just leave everything unexplained, unresolved an uninteresting enough so that the audience falls asleep before the ending. genius.any random landlord can cure death just by drawing a cross on a window. so make friends.your maid can sing you back to life.chuck carrington still needs acting classes.your roommate will hate you and make fun of you if you bring home this movie.apologies will not be accepted.

i believe in keeping religion out of government and out of the movies. when i want a sermon, i'll go to church, but i don't want one from a movie. i don't mind some supernatural themes, (after all, religion is about as supernatural as you can get!) but this movie had so much preaching in it that i was really annoyed. the landlady reminded me of witches that of seen in other movies. the bad guy even looked like he had horns. and what a silly ending: the hero went into the meeting and yelled at all of those old men, and that broke the spell. if only life were that simple. i think that when movies are that stupid, they ought to be distributed with a warning: danger! preaching contained herein!

i have nothing against religious movies. religious people need something to watch on a saturday night, i guess. but what really ticks me off is when the write-up on the dvd box does not indicate this fact to the potential viewer. passing off religious propaganda as entertainment is not cool, bro.and even if i was a religious person, i would have to agree with most of the other posters here, this movie was a mess. poorly directed, poorly acted, poorly edited, and the attempt at a soundtrack was hilarious. the fake accents were terrible, the characters were mainly stereotypes, and continuity was out the window. the only reason we sat through this lame waste of time was that it was too late to watch another movie instead. should have just gone to bed.absolutely no redeeming qualities to this movie, unless you are the religious type who will immediately endorse anything that will preach your beliefs to the unbelievers, even if it's a pile of garbage. if you aren't, avoid this at all costs. do not be deceived by the box write-up.

...then they will have a proper place to file this crap. sorry, not a "mystery" as claimed, it is religious mumbo-jumbo. i kept waiting for the "unimaginable evil" that was promised me, but the "evil" in this flick would only be unimaginable by a five year old with learning disabilities.i can't believe that they actually managed to find some bigger name actors willing to be involved in this embarrassment. unfortunately it has forevermore changed my opinion of them, and i will likely avoid anything they do in the future. i'm also a little cheesed off that i now have a writer's name and director's name to memorize as i'll be avoiding anything they do like the plague from now on too.it's really unfortunate that all the religious fanatics posting on here and saying that this movie is 10 out of 10, etc. will get their reviews posted first. this could lead to more people getting tricked, as i was, into believing this movie was something other than religious preaching.well, it's off to the video store to get my money back for false advertising. too bad they can't give me back the 105 minutes i wasted watching this thinking that it was actually a hollywood horror/supernatural film.

didn't know anything about the film or that it was based on a best selling book.tried guessing from the opening scenes what it would be about,best guess,buried treasure and a death list.that lasted about 15 minutes when i got the sneaky suspicion that the film was crap.i'll not bore you with how bad the plot and acting were but anyone who gave it more than two stars must work for the film makers.i watched until the hero jumped into his corvette to rush to the hospital.he had his on his suit,shirt and tie arrived at the hospital in jeans and a t/shirt.couldn't even get the continuity right. i got the christian theme,hard to miss it .

i just finished watching this movie. it wasn't ridiculously bad, but i'm really disappointed with it. i'm not really sure why someone would make a movie like this. it was marginally entertaining, but i feel like the people making it had a lot of disagreements on what they were making. monday, the writer was in charge; tuesday, the director; wednesday, the guy who gets the coffee; etc. it almost seems like they really wanted to make a couple different movies, but only had the time and money to make one.someone else commented that the acting was really good, but i'd have to disagree. then again, if the actors were able to keep a straight face during the filming, perhaps they're better actors than i give them credit for.the back of the dvd gives the impression that the movie would be a mystery... something along the lines of a historical law and order or national treasure. it starts off like that, but then, out of nowhere it takes a turn towards a bad episode of the twilight zone, or... what was that other show that wasn't as good... a bad episode of the outer limits.my main complaint about the movie is that it is just so played out. there's the evil guy with spiked white hair. there's the love interest, who, when she first appears, the wind actually blows through her hair. seriously. once you realize it's a christian movie, the end is also pretty easy to spot.the cinematography was poorly done, especially in the opening scenes - way to put your best foot forward. it wasn't atrocious for most of the movie, but there was the occasional ridiculously bad shot of an old lady, praying, arms up in a dark room while lightening is striking - the sort of thing that just makes you a little bit embarrassed to be watching the movie.

how sad there is no option to post a mark lower than 1. i watched this piece of nonsense and could barely believe what i was watching. every single part of the film was awful. music, acting, direction, story, everything, simply everything. i actually found myself laughing out loud at various points in the film. i particularly loved the bit where our hero is dashing through the hospital in soft focus slow motion, and knocks the clipboard out of the nurses hand, because, .............well. just because. product placement? crucifix's (crucifi?) everywhere. if you are of a christian persuasion and very easily satisfied, you may like this movie. if you do like this movie, you really need to get out more.

the imdb plot summary in no way describes the essence of this film. it should have read 'be prepared to be catapulted back to the prison of the 3rd pew from the back of your family's church at 8 years old, listening to the preacher drone on about god's will while all you can think of is getting back home to your lego'.it starts off well intentioned, building intrigue by planting some real and surreal clues such as renny's 'how did the cut on my thumb heal so fast?' moment. it then slowly morphs into a christian jamboree, sacrificing its plot completely in a wash of evangelistic-induced babble. i believe i counted the use of the word 'pray' about 53 times in a five minute span near the end. after the 31st, i tried to twist the context of the word to its synonym, 'prey'. sadly, this little mind game of mine made the film at least bearable for the last 20 minutes. plus it made me laugh whenever a character would say 'prayer' ('preyer' to me) as it became totally zany. indeed, even my catholic wife sunk in her chair from boredom, almost to the point of ending up on the floor.for all the salivating christians who ranked this film 8-10 stars, i suggest sticking with your theology-reinforcing safety standards like circle square, the ten commandments, anything from narnia, jesus christ superstar and the like. stay away from more cerebrally challenging subject matter in films such as jesus camp, the god who wasn't there, what would jesus buy, or the soon-to-be released religulous.maybe robert whitlow's book is better.

it started out with an interesting premise. i always like civil war stuff and ancient secret societies. the more the film progressed, the more i realized that this was a b movie at best. in the latter half, it quickly became a c movie, then d, then f, then "i wish that this wasn't a rental so that i could put it in the microwave!" i can't say that the acting in all cases was awful, just most. the writing, however... i never read the book. maybe the book is well written. the screenplay was written by a 10 year old. it was ridiculously shallow, the dialog drab and uninteresting, the characters about as interesting as a 5 pound bag of fertilizer. i really hated this movie, as did my wife. i am a christian and i have no problem with movies that promote or support christianity. this movie did a great disservice to the cause. awful, terrible, worthless. if you liked it, i strongly recommend superman 4.

at the beginning we get to see the start of a secret council of some sorts. it all looks very promising from the get go. with some supernatural elements thrown in, the mystery gets more interesting by the minute. the main character who seems like a good bloke gets into trouble because of his claim for money he is entitled to (temptation) and other factors. you really empathize with the guy and you want to know what exactly is going on. normally a person in his situation would have several options. somehow he does not have those options. in this movie there only seems to be one solution even when it is clear it is not his fault. out of the blue he encounters characters who talk about church,prayer and god. and they provide the answer for his problem. it should be obvious at a point in the movie what this solution is. now let me say that there is nothing wrong with this message. since it always is helpful. but was it really necessary to disguise this message. this religious element actually ruined the viewing experience for me. while the message is good,it's simplicity can't escape the fact that in real life more needs to happen to resolve issues presented in this movie. the mystery that is presented to us never gets solved. in stead you are forced to deal with another topic that essentially has nothing to do with the plot. don't get fooled because of malcolm mcdowell. the once brilliant actor is adequate,but if you watch closely you will see that he is not serious at all. he really must be desperate for money. otherwise what would posses an actor of his caliber to act in a movie like this.

i found the writing in this movie absolutely terrible.the only thing that saved this movie from me rating it as a 1 out of 10 was lacy chabert's performance who i thought played the multiple personalities really well. for me she was definitely the highlight of this movie.dina meyer was pretty as always but i found her role pretty bland so i don't think one can say that her acting was great.as for the male lead, armand assante, his interpretation of the role reminded me mainly of doctors in cheese 1980s hospital series.all of that i could have lived with. however the terrible, terrible, terrible end/solution, the role of the psychic and even the role of psychic were just some of the worst writing i have seen in a long time.

i found myself very caught up in this movie, at least at the beginning, and any credit i give to this movie, is lacey chabert, she was fantastic!! but thats where it ends. i seem to be very good at figuring out who the killer is, and i like it when a movie is able to completely baffel me, but i felt out and out lied to, they whole time they lead you in one direction and then suddenly they decided to go in a completely different direction at the end, they gave no hit to it at all, thats not misleading that very bad writing and planning, someone did not think at all!i felt the movie would have been much better if they had stuck to the plot that the lead you on, they also seemed to not answer anything, why did jane(maria) burn down the professor's house.its a great pity as i felt it started out as a relatively good movie.

this horrible! the acting, costumes, production values, editing, the script, everything about this film is as bad as it can get. it looks as if it was filmed with a video camera. can you give a movie a negative rating? watch the ring instead.

the plot of corpse grinders 2 is very much similar to the original corpse grinders, what is left that is different from the other film consists of weird aliens.it is my belief that this film would be the #1 worst film on imdb - if anyone had actually watched it. the plot is disconnected and, in several (way too many) instances, makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. the real wonder here is why in the world was this sequel created to such an unsuccessful and horrendous (but still somewhat better) film.i would highly recommend this film if you enjoy watching terrible movies for a good laugh.

in a far away galaxy is a planet called ceta. it's native people worship cats. but the dog people wage war upon these feline loving people and they have no choice but to go to earth and grind people up for food. this is one of the stupidest f#@k!ng ideas for a movie i've seen. leave it to ted mikels to make a movie more incompetent than the already low standard he set in previous films. it's like he enjoying playing in a celluloid game of limbo. how low can he go? the only losers in the scenario are us the viewer. mr. mikels and his silly little handlebar mustache actually has people who still buy this crap.my grade: f dvd extras: commentary by ted mikels; the story behind the making of (9 and a half minutes); 17 minutes, 15 seconds of behind the scenes footage; ted mikels filmography; and trailers for "the worm eaters" "girl in gold boots", "the doll squad", "ten violent women" (featuring nudity), "blood orgy of the she devils", & "the corpse grinders"

i am a huge fan of ted v mikels and the original "corpse grinders" is the main reason why but this is quite possibly the worst film i have ever seen. even the brilliant casting of the legendary liz renay ("desperate living") could not save this worthless piece of garbage. this film should serve as a lesson to all past, present and future film makers...when you have a film as successful as the original "corpse grinders" was you should probably leave sleeping dogs lie and you should definitely not try to revitalize it over twenty years later (unless you have the financial backing to pull of a superior sequel such as herschel gordon lewis did with "blood feast 2: all u can eat") even if you do decide to do this you should probably spend a little bit more money than you did on the original and for god's sake...never film a movie onto video...why do film makers even attempt to do this when everyone knows the quality is going to turn out hideous...i personally have yet to see one film made in this fashion that's even worth the powder to blow it to hell...if you can't afford to make a sequel that is better than your original film then sell the rights of the film to someone who can...and what was ted v mikels thinking about (or smoking) when he wrote this god-awful script? i mean come on, dog and cat "aliens" from another planet? a cardboard box painted to look like a devastating machine capable of grinding up human bodies...bones and clothes and all? if any of these actors, aside from liz renay, were paid more than five dollars for their hideous performances than they are grossly overpaid! avoid this film at all costs and watch the original instead.

ted v. mikels's film corpse grinders 2 is 103 minutes of excruciating cinematic swill. the plot is pretty much a mixture of nonsensical business dealings among people who grind corpses into cat food while cat aliens, who are losing a war with dog aliens, looking to get some of this cat food. watching this movie, i began to look for any kind of distraction, anything to reassure myself that i was doing something else besides losing my mind from the inside out.several scenes go on for far too long, as characters take forever to do simple things. i've heard that mr. mikels doesn't like to use jump cuts too often, fearful that they will confuse his audience. i'm not sure if this attitude is "avant-garde" or just "stupid." try as i might, i could not bring myself to care about any of the characters in the unnecessarily huge cast, well with the possible exception of the old men who are the caretakers of the factory. the majority of the cast are a bunch of no-talent amateurs who don't even bother to learn the lyrics to "amazing grace" before they have to sing it on camera. although perhaps the blame should go to the poor sound quality, since i only actually heard around 80% of the dialogue while watching the dvd.this is quite possibly the worst film to ever be shot. i've listened to snippets of the commentary,and mr. mikels comes off as a surprisingly sweet old man, what the hell was he doing making this kind of trash? i'd like to hear the explanations from the old men who had to lie shirtless on a metal conveyor belt waiting to be ground up. movies i've long hated suddenly seem a lot better. i long for the intermittedly appropriate music of excalibur, and the consistent lighting of dawn of the dead. i need to go do something, anything. don't see this movie.

want a great recipe for failure? take a s****y plot, add in some weak, completely undeveloped characters and than throw in the worst special effects a horror movie has known. let stew for a week (the amount of time probably spent making this trash). the result is corpse grinders, a movie that takes bad movies to dangerous and exotically low places.the movie utterly blew. my words cannot convey how painful it was to watch. this is not one of those bad movies that you and your friends can sit around and make fun of. this is not plan 9 from outer space. this is a long, boring, sad waste of time. corpse grinders ii is the biggest waste of energy and talent i have ever seen. i depresses me when i realize that people actually took time out of their lives to act in this shit, if you can call it acting. but than again, when you have poor direction, poor storywriting, poor everything, acting is the last thing to criticize.this movie is like a huge, disgusting turd that you yearn to quickly flush out of existence, fearful that a friend or loved one might somehow see it. i really with i could somehow destroy every copy of this film, so it will not pollute the minds of aspiring filmmakers. thank you, ted v. mikels, for giving me new found respect for every movie i have ever seen. you have shown me what is truly awful, and why i should appreciate all those movies that are merely crappy or boring.

the original exploitation classic-though far from enjoyable on almost any level concerning some guys who turn cats into human flesh eating monsters because the cat food they make is made with people is remade with scifi elements added. the cats can't get enough and when the flesh tainted food runs out the cats turn on their owners. poorly put together on almost every level this is an example of the absolute bottom of the barrel material that used to actually play movie theaters in the early 1970's updated with alien cat and dog races battling for supremacy. director ted mikel is a hack, but is so lovable a person (i generally like the guy thanks to his smile inducing interviews and commentary tracks) that you can pretty much excuse the garbage he mostly turned out. mikels wanted to make films and he didn't care how they turned out so long as he was producing something. more power to him, but i wish he wouldn't subject us to his home movies

this movie is awesome. i watched it the other day with my cousin jay-jay. he said it was alright, but i think it rulezzz! i mean, it's so cool. ted v. mikels is so brave and smart. he made a movie totally unlike those terrible hollywood films, like the matrix and stop or my mom will shoot. it could have been better, though. i like ninjas and pirates. i also like that big talon that the funny man wears. i think he's the coolest guy since that domino pizza claymation guy. not only does this movie look really cool, like those out-of-focus movies my dad made of my birthday when i turned 6. but it tells a complex tale with dozens of characters that seem to be totally unrelated, but they all meet up in the end. it's genius how this web is woven to make everything meet up. i wish ted v. mikels would make a sequel. but it needs more aliens. and a pirate.

actually, the movie is neither horror nor sci-fi. with a very strong christian religious theme, this movie delivers minimal content and no suspense. second-tier actors do half-decent jobs of reading their boring roles. the only good performance is by sydney penny who plays a role of a mother of ... i won't spoil the movie, it's either christ or anti-christ. avoid watching this movie unless you a christian religious fanatic obsessed with apocalypse.being a non-christian, i had to force myself to watch this movie just because i wanted to write this review. it's a pity that sci-fi channel had to air this movie at the peak evening time.

i guess if you are into the sci-fi and horror stuff it might be interesting. the acting was okay but not great. the two pregnant girls are supposed to be fifteen but are played by obviously older actresses who turned out to be twenty and twenty-one at the time. the plot is okay, but the story does jump around a bit, leaving one guessing whether you're in boston or pennsylvania. the priest seems to use warp speed between the two. the catholic church is portrayed as having a secretive sect for investigating events which only happen to those of that faith. what if the two girls had been protestant? would the catholics of cared? therefore some what contrived. who knows, some day the catholic church might even learn what the bible teaches. if you miss this one, don't feel you've lost anything.

this piece of crap might have been acclaimed 60 years ago, but it is one of the most racist movies ever made with the native american indians played by white men. the right-wing republican james stewart was a huge racist in real life, just like his close friend john wayne. in 1971 stewart had actor hal williams fired from "the jimmy stewart show" (a short-lived series that mercifully flopped) just because williams was black. as if that were not bad enough, this film is very dated and boring. watch "dances with wolves" instead for a less racist view.stewart was in his forties when this awful movie was made, and even with his ridiculous wig he still looked like a paedophile chasing after 16-year-old debra paget. i'm surprised it was even allowed.0/10.

the explosion of tv channels must be eternally grateful to the randolph scott western production line, because any any moment there must be one of what seems like a hundred randolph scott movies playing on at least one no-budget station."man behind the gun" is a typical early 1950's period melodrama with pre-wwii production values that relies on a historically-topical murder mystery plot peppered with action scenes to disguise the script's complete absence of character development, and thus lack of suspense. in years to come the role of these films would be taken over by tv shows like 'gunsmoke', 'bonanza', etc - and these actually did the job better. randolph scott, looking particularly grizzled in this, is the good guy, struggling against the bad guys against whom he will eventually prevail. there's no more interest in what he goes through emotionally than in what his horse is feeling, unless you count wondering whether he'll sort out the initial misunderstanding with the female lead by the end. the music is a stronger indication of the emotional state of the 'characters' than the acting is. but it's fine if that floats your boat; and i wouldn't berate you for enjoying 'diagnosis, murder', either.workmanlike, pedestrian, and ageing rapidly. 3 stars for being competently put together; 0 for artistic endeavour.

oh dear!what a disappointment. i've been watching old westerns on british tv for decades, and i wasn't aware of this one until its showing yesterday - most other scott westerns come around every few years or so and are usually worth watching again.the rich colour and outdoor sets were good, but that's all i can say about this film. i have to agree with most of the other negative comments already made. several times i felt like turning it off, and finally i did, halfway through, something i hardly ever do.scott seemed unusually oily in charming the girls, his two sidekicks were annoying and so was the mexican bandit lad. and i've a feeling the army uniforms were 20 years or so too modern, not that this has bothered makers of many other westerns.perhaps it got better in the second half, but i couldn't be bothered to wait and see.

i'm a huge randolph scott fan, but this film is a dud. the whole thing has a canned, fake, soundstage feel to it, with truly awful rear-screen projection. it has a good plot idea that the screenwriter has successfully buried in a nitwit script, which makes it impossible for the audience to become immersed in the action and truly care about any of the characters. the directing is pedestrian, and only accentuates how bad the script is instead of helping to improve it. i've seen plenty of thoroughly enjoyable "soundstage productions" before, but this is not one of them. all it does is make you appreciate the gritty scott/boetticher films all the more.randolph scott is tanned, trim, and shines that million dollar smile throughout. he's always a pleasure...even in the worst of his films. aside from scott, the other main reason i wanted to see this movie was due to how much i enjoyed ms. wymore in errol flynn's movie, "rocky mountian". in "man behind the gun", she is just as beautiful, and you can tell she's a good actress, but she was forced to say some pretty dumb lines, and the blocking she was given by the director was truly awful. i've only seen phil carey in "operation pacific", and he plays the exact same character here...an arrogant pain-in-the-butt you want to beat into unconsciousness. i guess it proves he's a good actor...he made me hate him. there are some lame attempts at comic relief that only detract from the film, in my opinion. although there are many elements to knock, i must say that i found myself truly enjoying the two spanish songs sung in the musical numbers...but that's not why we go to see randolph scott movies, right?there are definitely worse scott films out there, and this one certainly isn't unbearable, but it also certainly couldn't be deemed anything beyond mediocre.

a family traveling for their daughter's softball league decide to take the 'scenic route' and end up in the middle of nowhere. the father is an avid photographer, and when he hears of an old abandoned side show in the town, he decides to take another detour to take some photographs.of course, the side show is filled with inbred freaks, who promptly kidnap the women and leave the young son and father to fend for themselves.the only cool thing about this film is how the family actually fights back against their inbred captors. other than that, there's nothing worthwhile about the film.

i blind bought this movie and am pretty upset that i paid as much as i did but i would say that it's at least worth a rent for some cool deaths and laughable acting. it is not a good movie in any way but i must say that i was pretty darn entertained. i guess it could be called so-bad-it's-good.as i said, the acting is awful, i feel like i could have done a better job showing, at least, any emotion. the story is nothing new and has been done better. i guess i just have a soft spot for any carnival-esquire type film. i would say rent this or download it but definitely don't buy it. it is not worth more than one watch.

yet another movie about a group of less-than-intelligent individuals on a road trip who wander off their original travel route for either a short-cut or, in this case, to visit a run-down side show attraction. the results, as expected, are not at all good, as this particular side show is home to a bunch of lunatic, in-bred residents who were escaped prison inmates from years before. the father, who is apparently a professionally photographer, just has to stop and take pictures of the place, only to find that it still inhabited. the various members of the family wander off to view the various attractions, only to be scared away. thinking they made it safely on their way, the van tire explodes (surprise!), leaving them to seek refuge and accommodations in the small town, which we find out is inhabited solely by the freaks (surprise!).this film plays out as expected, with the family being stalked and killed by the freaks. there is some fighting back on the families part, but these are probably among the worst scenes in the film, as they are badly executed. there is nothing remotely original here, unless you count the totally inappropriate soundtrack that is played during particular scenes that completely ruins the atmosphere and mood of the film. the acting is about as bad as i have seen in quite some time by everyone involved (it is pretty bad when your cast is out-acted by the cast of "camp blood). the special effects are lousy and the ending made me want to punch my television.still, though, despite all the negatives, i somewhat enjoyed this film. it definitely has a "so bad it's good" vibe to it. i made it through the entire movie and was even pleasantly entertained once i got past the ridiculously clichéd plot, terrible acting, and cheesy special effects. though the ending left me feeling cheated and angry, particularly because the film is not that great to begin with and the ending makes the entire film pointless.bottom line, i can list countless films that if you have seen them, you have seen this. the difference is most of those film are better. though not a complete waste, this film is pretty bad and not remotely scary.my grade: d

this is only related to the first movie by the name. the plot has nothing to do with the first and the whole movie stinks!!! i have no idea what they were thinking but this movie is so bad. avoid this at all costs, the first movie in the series is acceptable as a slasher flick and so is the fourth but this one and the 3rd are rubbish!!

and not in a fun-to-watch way. it's just bad. it's shocking that people have posted positive things about it here. the story sucks, the acting is bad, it's not scary, the special effects aren't special--oh no! the blackboard has hands coming out of it! oh gee--the mirror turned into water! the hair, clothes and makeup in the '50s scenes aren't accurate, and they got a middle-aged man with a receding hairline to play the high-school version of himself. this is like later-on nightmare on elm street stuff. i enjoy sitting down to watch a cheesy horror movie as much as anyone else, but there are better bad ones out there to choose from.

mary lou is a slut whose spirit seeks revenge on those who let her come to her fiery doom back in 1957.well, the movie mainly takes place in 1986. the movie falls into the 80's trap of weird/stupid special effects, including some weird demented looking rocking horse.anyway, mary lou's spirit does bad things to people and tries to take over one person's body. whether or not she succeeds, you'll have to watch to find out.anyway, the movie is largely boring and based around a bunch of worthless characters. this also isn't really a sequel, the only thing in common with the first is the name of the high school. it has the avg. horror flick fall backs, gore, pointless nudity, knocks against the catholic church. basic stuff, boring movie.the acting is decent enough to give it a 3 out of 10. you can waste your time doing something else.

your attitude going into prom night ii will determine how much joy you take away from the film. if you're expecting a horror masterpiece, look elsewhere. if you like campy movies that are rather fun to watch unfold, you'll like this. lisa schrage has the time of her life playing an over the top mary lou and wendy loyd channels schrage's rage perfectly during her time "possessed".not classic cinema but a fun way to kill a couple of hours with a wicked ending.

i agree with everything people said on this one but i must add that the soundtrack is probably the worst one i have ever heard my entire life! there are actual vocals during times when you are supposed to be listening to the actors talk! and the vocals are like a broadway version of danzig singing, "the darkness of the forest! oh the darkness of the dark, dark forest!" or something else so unthreatening. the singer has a terrible vibrato and has been recorded with a treble-y microphone over some synthed-up string section and fake drum beats. it's horrible!! yes, the male leads are awful. so are the female ones. this is one bad case of gender stereotyping - it's so bad! everything they say revolves around being a male or a female, just playing up the stereotypes to the max. makes me sick. soooo boring!!! the children were so echoey in their lines, you couldn't understand them. and why do female ghost children always wear cute little bows in their hair, pretty blue dresses and long hair? and ghost boys always wear clean cut slacks with cute little shiny blond hair? not scary - stupid.daddy's face was way too blemish free and clean to be that of a man living in a cave. nice beard and bangs, pa. did you perfectly cut those with a knife yourself or did you stroll into town and go to the salon?stupid movie.

i saw this movie at an actual movie theater (probably the $2.00 one) with my cousin and uncle. we were around 11 and 12, i guess, and really into scary movies. i remember being so excited to see it because my cool uncle let us pick the movie (and we probably never got to do that again!) and sooo disappointed afterwards!! just boring and not scary. the only redeeming thing i can remember was corky pigeon from silver spoons, and that wasn't all that great, just someone i recognized. i've seen bad movies before and this one has always stuck out in my mind as the worst. this was from what i can recall, one of the most boring, non-scary, waste of our collective $6, and a waste of film. i have read some of the reviews that say it is worth a watch and i say, "too each his own", but i wouldn't even bother. not even so bad it's good.

it's a ghost story. it's a cannibalism story. it's a revenge story. it's a very poorly done film with a lot of violence. i suppose it follows cheaply along the lines of every slasher movie you've ever seen. it has the usual isolated place, the cocky campers, heading off to the wilderness. granted, there are some pretty intense scenes. it's just so dull. bad editing and the whole works. there are ghost children who sound like they are talking into a wastebasket. i'm not really sure what rules the ghosts and the psycho with the seed cap are playing by. it also has the gross out scene where a man eats a piece of meat which is actually what's left of his wife. a friend of mine once asked me why it is necessary to show this kind of gratuitous, sick violence. i fear that it's just another step in our desensitized evolution. three is no cleverness here, no tongue in cheek, only a sad waste of time. lots of blood; little plot.

i sought out a copy of the forest because i was watching a vh1 special, i think "where are they now", and saw the video box flash across the screen during a segment on the actor corky pigeon. he played the male child ghost in this b horror horrible, but i remember him from his character freddy on the silver spoons television show. this flick's a major letdown. there's nothing here. it actually took me four months to watch it from start to finish. i kept stopping it in boredom, setting it aside and forgetting about it, then stumbling on it and trying once again to get through it. obviously, the angle of this film that was intended to set it apart from its counterparts was the supernatural element, the apparitions. and obviously, here, that doesn't work. i can't stand the male leads. i kept expecting them to look down at their palms during the longer dialogue scenes in order to read cheat lines. the situation at the beginning where the couples decide to go camping separately is awkward and plain dumb. i guess the only positive thing to say about this one is the scene where the guy falls and breaks his leg, you can see the bone sticking out of his flesh. it's fairly good gore makeup there. man, i'm really reaching for a positive now, huh. the only other no-budget horror film on a level as bad as this one would be home sweet home.

the forest isn't just your everyday standard slasher/backwoods cannibal fare, it also has an interesting mix of supernatural elements as well. the story is about two couples that hike into the forest on a camping trip. a cave dwelling, cannibalistic woodsmen and the ghosts of his dead wife and two children soon terrorize them. there is something you don't see every slasher. director don jones gets an "a" for effort although the film itself falls flat on just about every level, the acting is just simply average except for jeanette kelly who plays the dead wife of the woodsman (michael brody aka gary kent).the film opens with some beautiful shots of a couple hiking through a valley and into a forest. they realize too late that someone is stalking them. they are both dispatched in typical slasher fare. our killer uses a trusty hunting knife throughout the entire film, except during a flashback when he implements a handsaw, pitchfork and rusty saw blade to dispatch his cheating wife's lover.the forest has a good story line but the movie just doesn't work along with it i found it pretty boring with simply crappy acting. 4/10

a truly disturbed, cannibalistic psychopath, john(gary kent, under the pseudonym michael brody) who lives in a cave, stalks campers who make the unfortunate mistake of backpacking in his wilderness. steve(dean russell)and his buddy charlie(john batis)get into a playful argument with their wives, sharon(tomi barrett, the late real-life wife of gary kent))& teddi(ann wilkinson)over surviving in the woods camping by themselves. to prove a point, the gals decide to head for the wilderness out of los angeles for a camping trip disturbing their partners to the point that they soon follow afterward. falling prey to john, teddi is soon killed as sharon runs for her life as the men arrive late to the wilderness due to their truck's overheating. afraid, tired, and paranoid, sharon receives some very unusual assistance..john's ghost children! that's right, john's children remain in the wilderness, ghostly apparitions which spy on those who exist in the woods, taking a special liking to sharon, helping guide her to safety and her friends. meanwhile, steve and charlie soon find shelter from a down pour and the darkness of night in the very cave where john lives. cooking over a burning fire, the meat simmering is actually from charlie's wife, teddi! unknowingly charlie eats from the meat when offered by john who finds the outsiders inside his dwelling place! anyway, soon, worried about their wives, steve and charlie set out to find them as morning breaks. meanwhile, john goes a hunting, with charlie, steve, and sharon in a fight for survival. when steve suffers a compound fracture stumbling between two massive rocks over a flowing river, he will be handicapped only increasing such an already nightmare scenario, with sharon following her ghostly young friends to potential safety..they even, at one point, plead with their father to not kill her. charlie, unfortunately, doesn't have such friends.director donald jones(..who also wrote it and went broke funding the film)smartly shoots the film in such a breathtaking, gorgeous location in the sequoia national park, in california, where those gargantuan trees tower to great heights, and i basically watch backwoods slashers for this very purpose. for some strange reason, i didn't particularly find jones' direction of the setting very atmospheric..the dread was missing, although there are some rather disturbing attacks by john using his knife(..shot in a clever way, jones' camera suggests more than what is actually on screen, yet, somehow, still achieves that gasp at what john is doing to victims). within such a picturesque landscape, to see innocents preyed upon by a maniac, that kind of increases the terror. city folk attempting to spend a nice few days in a different place, to smell the clean, fresh air, enjoy the sights of a lovely view, only to find themselves stalked by a creepy predator with a very intimidating knife. providing the back-story to why john is the monster he is, jones allows us to witness his memory flashback in discovering his wife's adultery and reacting accordingly(..she is also a ghost in the wilderness looking for her children, wishing to punish them for "being naughty")killing both her and the lover in bed(..a refrigerator repairman). the children, sad and depressed committed suicide and now "haunt" the wilderness, still interacting with their pa or whoever they so choose. i realize such a novelty as ghost children in a backwoods slasher is unique and appreciated by some, but i found the idea rather hokey and too silly to take serious. they do help our heroine escape a few potentially dangerous situations, but it was awfully hard for me to keep from giggling uncontrollably. the music i found hideously 80's and the performances aren't mind-blowing. i mean i could react to the situation they were in, because it is indeed quite terrifying to find yourselves in an unfamiliar and hostile territory being hunted by someone who knows the area so well. i think the film is similar in many ways to don't go into the woods..alone!, except that the forest has the aforementioned ghost children(..their voices echo when talking to sharon, their father, or each other). gary kent looks like a filthy george lucas, with tattered clothes, and humanity lost. as i mentioned above, the violence isn't as grisly as what is suggested because director jones is able to effectively cut away from a great deal of knife penetration, yet the way he stages the set pieces leave you rather unsettled(..such as teddi's murder, the violence mostly silhouetted on the surface of a nearby huge stone formation, her pleas for john to stop and, once stabbed several times, attempts to crawl away from her predator only to be finished off;a hanging corpse john is skinning). i've seen better and worse of this type of slasher film, it's rather mediocre, at best, with some effectively shot scenery. i don't really think it's particularly memorable, for the exception of the ghost children.

the movie starts with a pair of campers, a man and a woman presumably together, hiking alone in the vast wilderness. sure enough the man hears something and it pangs him so much he goes to investigate it. our killer greets him with a stab to the stomach. he then chases the girl and slashes her throat. the camera during the opening scene is from the point of view as the killer.we next meet our four main characters, two couples, one in which is on the rocks. the men joke about how the woman would never be able to handle camping alone at a double date, sparking the token blonde's ambition to leave a week early. unexpectedly, the men leave the same day and their car breaks down.. they end up arriving in the evening. when the men arrive, they are warned about people disappearing in the forest by a crazy ralph doppleganger. they ignore the warning and venture into the blackening night and an eighties song plays in the background with lyrics about being murdered in the dark forest. the men get lost.in the next scene we realize that this isn't just another the burning clone, but a ghost story! the women, scared and lonely are huddling together by the fire. two children appear in the shadows and decide to play peeping tom. well they are obviously ghosts by the way their voices echo! their mother appears with blood dripping from a hole in her forehead and asks the two ladies if they've seen her children, before disappearing of course. the children run home to papa and tell him about the two beautiful ladies by the river. this causes quite a stir and he gets up, grabbing his knife from atop the fireplace. "daddy's going hunting," the little girl, exclaims with bad acting. it is apparent here, that the dad isn't a ghost like his children.freaked out by something in the woods, the token blonde splits, running blindly into the night, carrying a knife. she encounters the father who explains he's starving and it will be quick. this doesn't make sense because of the panther growls we heard earlier (maybe he's allergic! are panthers honestly even in california?) she ends up wounding him slightly before getting stabbed in the head. a thunderstorm erupts and the men seek shelter, which turns out to be where papa resides. clearly someone lives here because there's a fire and something weird is roasting over it. the children appear and warn them of papa, who shows up moments later. they disappear as soon as he arrives.for whatever reason, our killer only goes after females. he invites the men to have something to eat and tells us the story about his ex wife. we are given a flashback of his wife getting caught cheating. the old man doesn't tell them however that he kills her and her lover afterwards, but daydreams about it. we aren't given the reason for the children's demise. the men go to sleep and are left unharmed. the next morning the men discover the empty campground of their wives. after a brief discussion they split up. one is to stay at the campsite, while the other goes and gets help. the one that is going back to his car breaks his leg. we are then reunited with the children as they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who killed themselves from being sad about their mother. they agree to help the woman reunite with her friendsthe following scene defies the logic of the movie when papa kills the guy waiting at the campsite. he was also dating or married to the blonde. somehow the children realize he is murdered and tell the woman about it. she decides to see it for herself and obviously runs into the killer. luckily the children make him stop by threatening to leave him forever. you know where this is going.overall the movie deserves four stars out of ten, and that's being generous. for all its misgivings, the musical score is well done. it's still watchable too. there are some camera angles that look professional, and some of the sets are done well. the plot is unbelievable. there is such a thing as willing suspension of disbelief, but with the toad 6 miles away; i can't imagine the token blonde would take off like that in the middle of the night. i mean, come on!- alan "skip" bannacheck

a friend and i went through a phase some (alot of) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening's entertainment. for some reason, i ended up buying this one (probably v. v. cheap).the cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre. there's also a few very amusing scenes. among them is a scene where a man's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects, it made me laugh at the time (doesn't seem quite so funny in retrospect but there you go).apart from that it's total crap, mind you. but probably worth a watch if you like films like "chopping mall". yes, i've seen that too.

i mean of all the obscure, overlooked, low budget horror movies waiting to be re-discovered in a dvd release, why pick the forest? i love ultra low budget direct to home video or other alternative release horror. i love 80s hacker horror. i love backwoods slashers with fools wandering off into the night to be chased, murdered and eaten by psychopaths. i am all for the idea of non-professionals working on a horror movie as a way to maybe break into the industry or just making a movie because they want to make one. i am all for using found public locations, non-actors, no name talent behind the camera and in the studio. no problem! the most evocative image from the forest is it's opening shot of a couple walking in the distance across a forest into the woods: we see them as tiny, vulnerable creatures entering a dank gloomy world where humans may not be the top of the food chain or most feared predator. then the film takes a dive & never recovers -- we briefly meet the backpacking couple just as they realize that they are being stalked. they get separated, both are butchered, and then we meet the movie's protagonists as they drive their car in a traffic jam. they meet up with their respective mates and decide to take a camping trip. sounds of snoring fill the room as people who came over to watch a movie fiddle with their cell phones text messaging people not there telling them how much the movie sucks.this film is too slow, this movie is too boring, and this movie is too talky. which wouldn't be such a bad thing if the writers had given the people something to say other than the most stupid, asinine and unnecessary things. you know your horror movie is in trouble when the character with the most interesting lines is the droopy-faced park ranger who warns everyone away from the cannibal woods. and speaking of these "woods" they look about as far away from civilization as the overgrown vacant lot behind the soccer fields, only with bigger rocks and a stream flowing through it. there are impressive shots of the forest primeval, but no real sense of being out in the middle of it. if any one of the characters just sat down on the trail and waited long enough someone would amble by.what is worse about the film is that it fails to generate any human interest: i don't know who these couples are and don't care what happens to them. the hermit cannibal slasher guy is uninteresting even when pretending to saw freshly cooked meat off the leg of one of his victims to serve grisly bites to her boyfriend, who just happens to seek shelter in his cave. the irony of which is the epitome of "underwhelming". coupled with a deliberately ominous synthesizer music score, cinematography that suspiciously looks like someone strapped a camera on a dog and it follow people's movements, a lack of appreciable gore, nudity, lurid thrills and unwholesome atmosphere and what we have here is a horror movie that isn't even as frightening as a pbs educational tv show about how magnets work.i don't mean to "dish it out" to the people behind this film, since they obviously went into the project with next to nothing, did not push themselves to be creative and ended up with just another boring movie about some maggot chasing women through the woods with a knife. there is nothing wrong with that concept, what is wrong is the unimaginative and utterly pedestrian way this was executed, right down to the utterly pointless conclusion when the film simply peters out at about the 80 minute mark. the best thing that you can say about the forest is that it is over relatively quickly and there isn't much to command a repeat screening -- hence my confusion at why anyone would feel the need for a dvd release. it was fine as a prism video rental years oddity, as a dvd it will be $5.99 rack fare inside a month of hitting the shelves. there is little or no urgency to see the film, unless you are considering making your own ultra low budget backwoods hacker set in a public park where nobody can charge you money for filming there. here is a guide of steps to avoid making.with all that said and done, the film did have one interesting sequence, or rather one sequence that was so pathetic and ineptly thought out that it becomes an enigma in an otherwise cut & dried film: the madman comes home to find his wife in bed with the local contractor. he dispatches his beloved, arms himself with a kitchen knife that looks like it was made just to be used in a horror film and takes off after the interloper. the guy corners and attacks his quarry, who sidesteps & runs away, only to have the psycho materialize in his footsteps with a bigger, badder weapon. the psycho attacks again, and the guy gets away. the psycho materializes again, and once more the guy gets away. then again! finally on the fifth try the psycho trips the dude so to fall on some sort of a bladed contraption. how did he keep materializing armed with bigger badder weapons like that? is there some supernatural element to this psycho? since the film never makes it clear either way the scene is just an enigma, staged to build some tension. it's purpose remains unclear. the whole film is like that really, existing without any need to be made and executed in such a ham-fisted, uninteresting manner that one cannot help but wonder what the point of it was.3/10, and ample evidence that just because you can release a movie on dvd that doesn't mean you necessarily should.

a cannibalistic backwoods killer is on the prowl and two bickering couples might be his next source of protein in this bargain basement friday the 13th-clone cheapie. there s literally nothing of interest to see in this one, the killings are surprisingly sparse and when they do happen, completely amateurish. it also adds ghosts into the mix for no reason what so ever. i felt drained after watching it as if my brain was liquefying and draining out my nose. and it remains without a doubt donald jones' worst movie. if you're thinking of renting it because of code red's snazzy new dvd re-release don't bothermy grade: f

one of the most boring slashers ever.. if you can even call it that. i wouldn't watch this if it even ended up being some kind of porno movie, which it completely resembles. the fact that you're watching a small group of middle-aged people in the woods is really unbearable. they made these kinds of movies for teens, so who were they really aiming for when they made this sleep-fest? my favorite part of this movie is the cover art and it's the only reason i chose to seek out this movie, which happened to be part of a suspense classics 50 movie pack.. and after seeing the other movies in this 50 pack, you'll realize that it belongs nowhere else. so if you're in the mood for a decent slasher in the woods, i recommend just before dawn and the final terror.

the title of this obscure and (almost righteously) forgotten 80's slasher inevitably reminds me of the cure's mega-smash-monster hit song with the same title, hence a piece of the lyrics in the title-section of this user comment. also, i didn't have anything else to say that was useful, anyway. but hey, "the forest" isn't totally hopeless and not even *that* bad, actually. if nothing else, at least it obeys the, admittedly unwritten, first rule of 80's slasher: kill someone within the first 10 minutes of playtime. sure you've heard about the basic premise of this film a dozen times before, but don't let that discourage you from watching it, as "the forest" has a couple of things more to offer than just an appealingly sinister cover image. it's actually a bit of an atypical 80's slasher! the main characters aren't ordinary brainless teenagers and the script has solid ambitions towards supernaturalism. the concept isn't always successful, let alone plausible, but it's more than interesting enough to hold your attention and there are even are a couple of surprisingly strong moments of tension and plot twists to enjoy. two married couples decide to go camping in the most isolated woods of california, but due to a stupid bet the wives travel separately from their husbands. barely set up for the night, they receive uncanny visits from a mother looking for her two children, the children themselves and finally the father who's out hunting for human flesh. the demented family may be real or imaginary, but the women are definitely in danger and by the time their husbands arrive, they have already vanished. the men too encounter the family, and they find out more about the slightly dysfunction background. "the forest" is a weird and unusual film, to say the least. it's not exactly a masterpiece of plotting, but the thoroughly strange atmosphere will certainly appeal to open-minded fans of 80's horror. the murders are fairly gruesome and will-filmed, including a slit throat and a painful saw-massacre, and the filming locations are stunningly beautiful. the more you contemplate about the story and its abrupt twists, the less it makes any sense, so my advice would just be to enjoy this odd viewing experience for as long as it lasts and not a minute longer. the acting performances are just above average, the music is okay and at least director donald jones (also responsible for the 70's exploitation-sickie "schoolgirls in chains") tried to be a little more creative that the majority of 80's horror films. too bad it ultimately fails.

the mood of this movie is pretty good and it captures the feel of the 80's well with some good performances.however..... the script is run of the mill with the exception of a couple of comedic moments and comes off as being weird where i expect it was intended to be edgy. the characters are totally over dramatized and unbelievable and full of right wing clichés that the script writer probably saw watching a panorama documentary on the national front. the biggest problem is this movie has no real story. it ticks all the right "arty" boxes but nothing actually happens and at the end you are left wondering what the point was.very disappointing

i watched this film last night with anticipation, but really wasn't very impressed.with the exception of 'combo', i thought the acting was poor and the narrative was limited. it came across like a 'made for tv' drama.i felt that the film was very contrived. the whole set up of hammering in the context at the start (yes, we get that this is 80s britain - you can stop now) was tiresome, and gave a very one-sided view of what life was like in 80s britain - poverty, war juxtaposed with royalty, margaret thatcher, yet nothing in between? there were actually middle-classes who existed back then - just ordinary working people, with a decent wage and a mortgage. the falklands clips also seemed to be added randomly towards the end, for 'dramatic effect', i presume.the sequence of events felt a tad disjointed, as the characters moved one one action to the next without us seeing how their mindset could've changed so quickly.the relationship between 'shaun' and 'smell' was toe-curling. i couldn't even look during the snogging scene. i find it very hard to believe that she would've been attracted to a boy who was not only so much younger, but also looked so much younger. i know there were only four years between them, but four years is nothing once you reach your twenties, yet it's a huge difference in your teens! in my experience, that kind of teen age difference only occurs when the girl is the younger one, since girls mature so much quicker, and are more on the wavelength of boys a few years older. sorry, but i didn't buy it - an unnecessary plot point created for shock value.the ending was somewhat abrupt and, again, contrived. if the flag throwing incident was supposed to be iconic, then it fell somewhat short in my eyes.it bugs me that british films only concern themselves with either the upper classes or the poverty-stricken. don't get me wrong, i love trainspotting, and four weddings has its charms, but can't we brits come up with anything different? why are our films always so hung up on the class system? i was born in 1973, so wasn't much different in age to 'shaun' would've been in 1983. i grew up in a single parent family on a fairly down-trodden council estate in a city in england. however, my childhood experiences were vastly different to those portrayed in the film - i don't even remember racism being an issue (although i'm not saying it didn't exist). 'this is england'? not in my experience.the bottom line is that i felt this film lacked substance, and i was completely bored and unimpressed throughout.

90 minutes of mindy...mindy is a tease to boyfriend bill...mindy prances at the high school dance...mindy hitchhikes to big sur, shoplifts a loaf of "shepherd's bread," mindy nearly gets gang-raped... ah, the pleasures of crown international drive-in features. you must remember that these films were never designed to be watched start to finish on dvd players. they were made as 90 minutes of ambiance so the teens of the 70s would have a soundtrack as they got it on in their pintos and citations. the lack of pacing and structure didn't matter to the original audience -- they probably only tuned in when the t & a on screen matched what they were up to, out in the parking lot. the film is really irritating when watched as a story. it's a lot more fun to talk about it than watch it. my favorite inanities: 1) bill and his friend accompany the teacher to find mindy. with no luggage or change of underwear, they spend 2 nights sharing a motel room with the teacher, just like in real life. 2)after being abducted and nearly raped by depraved bikers, and after their innocent friend "pan" is savagely beaten, mindy and her girlfriend find an unattended motorcycle on the road. mindy immediately brightens up and chirps, "i'm going' to big sur!!" but again, it's a lot more fun to talk/read about than sit through.

have you ever sat watching a movie when 20 or 30 minutes have gone by and suddenly you realize that you have actually seen the movie before? that happened to me with "the young graduates". the cover of the video box, if you can find the video, is extremely deceiving. i'd swear that the two women on the cover aren't even in the film.anyway, i was either born a decade too late to appreciate the finer points of this film or...it is simply pointless junk. i'm heavily leaning toward the latter but i guess some out there have developed a connection to this movie.hmm...plot. a plot. let's see...there must be a plot around here somewhere. nope, i can't find it. it's pretty much about some high school seniors acting dopey and doing drugs and speaking in a language that became outdated decades ago. one of the female students has a crush on her teacher. the teacher has a frigid wife (whom he indeed refers to as an iceberg) so he is receptive to the girl's advances.there's a lot of driving around and inane dialogue and plenty of spastic dancing. our cat, booboo, was transfixed by the dancing high school kids. she watched with amazing intensity as the dancers gyrated and shook out on the dance floor. it's nice to see that at least one species has found something interesting in this relic. 1/10

"a trio of treasure hunters is searching the west indies for a hidden fortune. the lure of gold makes for a rise in tension as the men come closer to the treasure's location. the deep-sea divers hope to track down the gold, but find that greed and hatred leads to murder," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis. "manfish" is the name of their boat, not a monster. the skeleton who gives muscular captain john bromfield (as brannigan) his half of the treasure map is very good. old salt victor jory (as professor) provides the other half of the map. first mate lon chaney jr. (as swede) plays dumb, and sexy tessa prendergast (as alita) guards the rum (not very well, obviously). serious editing and continuity problems mar the picture, which otherwise might have amounted to something.*** manfish (2/56) w. lee wilder ~ john bromfield, victor jory, lon chaney jr.

the reason the dvd releases of this film are in black and white is because nobody can get their hands on a color print of this public domain film, a modest sea story at best.distributed for television thru allied artists, dvd's (or vhs) on the market at this time for this title are all coming from the same 16mm television print. films distributed for television prior to 1963 were often distributed in b/w prints, because the bulk of viewers did not have color sets anyway. striking b/w prints for television was also cheaper, as it often involved quite a few prints to cover all stations running a film on a syndicated basis.

i went to see this movie (actually i went to see family portraits, which contains cutting moments + 2 other short films by douglas buck) at the mar del plata festival (argentina)... i just couldn't watch it! i had to cover my eyes after the 1st half of cutting moments and take a peek every once in a while. by the time it was over, my stomach was upside down and i felt light headed. i just had to leave the cinema a few minutes after the 2nd short begun (btw, of course i was not the only one who left the room). it was waaaay too violent and disgusting for me! i am impressed by the many brave people who actually loved it. i just don't get how you can love that kind of movies! the shocking and bloody and horrible images i saw got really stuck in my head for like two days!! i also try to analyze the story (my boyfriend did see the whole thing and told me about it) and i just don't think it makes any sense. i mean, that amount of violence and stuff, makes no other sense than to try to shock people. and that's not a good enough reason, i think. there's absolutely nothing in this movie that i can say "well, at least 'x' thing about it was good". but well, i guess i will never understand that kind of films.

ludicrous violations of the most basic security regs are only the beginning. it's hard to see how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget. i turned it off once, then got curious to see if it could get any worse. it did.

this is a rather tame fluff piece concerning ww ii codes being broken, stolen, etc. the acting is about what i expected from this cast of mgm "b" actors.one big caution. jean rogers, who did such a great job playing the very sexy dale arden in the first two flash gordon serials is just awful in this movie. her character is extremely annoying. she absolutely never lets-up with her overacting. we are supposed to believe that during the height of a world war in what would obviously be a top secret code facility, she would be allowed to just pop in and out of any office of her choosing although she has no official function. from that standpoint i'm sorry that i ever watched this film. it has forever changed my perception of ms. rogers. talentwise, she is an extreme lightweight.lee bowman is his usual self, meaning that he is merely adequate.

this is almost like two films--one literate and engaging, the other stupid and clichéd. it's really a shame all the problems weren't worked out with the writing, but considering how quickly most b-movies were written and produced, this isn't too unusual. it's a real shame, though, as this could have been a very good film.first the good. the movie is original and involves wwii code-breakers. this is pretty fascinating and i liked watching the leading man (lee bowman) go through his paces as a master code-breaker. in fact, the first two-thirds of the film was very good. but now for the bad, the film just went on way too long and lost steam at about 50 minutes. additionally, jean rogers' role as the "kooky girlfriend" must rank as one of the worst-written and distracting roles in film history!! for every smart move made by bowman, the idiot rogers then stepped in to screw things up as some sort of misguided "comedy relief". if her role had been intelligently written, the overall film would have improved immensely! instead, watching her, it's hard to understand how we actually won wwii!!

oh my. i decided to go out to the cinemas with some friends, wanting to watch one of those mild, feel-good christmas movies, and i walk out disgusted. the movie failed. full-stop. paul giamatti who i consider as a good actor played his character and roll just horribly, along with vince vaughn who has always been a personal favourite of mine. they try and turn a christmas movie, into some new-style. sort of bad, mixed with good, but it all turned out very wrong. the first ten or so minutes weren't too bad, but once we saw santa, it was over. it didn't get any better, the rate stayed the same, there was no character development, and certainly is one of the worst christmas movies ever invented. don't watch it, whatever you do.

this was probably the worst movie ever, seriously. i could actually do better myself, it wasn't even set up properly. it's like this movie had a $5 budget and left with change. don't watch it. i didn't even get all the way through this movie, had to turn it off. i've give this a 1/10 because it was hilarious how the producer of this movie wanted it to be a horror movie, but actually turned into a really bad comedy. basically, a bunch of girls crashed into a car, broke a headlight, and the owner of that car went after them. the bit that i saw was a women with a gun telling a load of girls to take all their clothes off, what the hell? it must be some kind of cheesy porn movie as well.

the writers and producers of this little outing have plummeted new depths of depravity. did writer's block set in so badly, or had ideas dried up so much, that they were forced to include a disgusting scene where a young woman defecates in the back seat of a van, and then promptly throws the excrement at the car behind (mind you at least this summarises what this film is worth). we had already been treated to one of the other women urinating over one of her friends at gunpoint, as well as numerous episodes of graphic vomiting; once would have sufficed... we got the message! this really is taking toilet humour to another level! had the script and acting been better then i could have easily forgotten that i was watching a film shot entirely on low budget video. this was a fairly original storyline, with a clever (the only) piece of direction in that we only ever got to take the viewpoint from inside of the van; thus making it feel much more real. we never got to see inside any other locations, such as the store or the field where several of the women disappeared, and this could have added much needed tension.the script was dire. lines like: 'i don't feel too good... i want to go home' after one of the girls has been pursued by a psychopath; subjected to rape by a screwdriver and shot at, seem a little undercooked.the acting was diabolical (apart from the maniac). did all the main 5 actresses in this learn acting by taking a correspondence course during a long postal strike! the sound was so bad that i had to watch the entire film with the subtitles on.the director seemed to have an easy job in this. it seems that the only direction he must have given was: 'scream girls'.and as for the screaming...... if you watch this please be sure to have some paracetamol at the ready!

as horror fans we all know that blind rentals are a crap-shoot. sometimes we find a real gem, but many times we find that the film we've just spent our hard earned money on is nothing more than a putrid steamer made worse by the completely undeserved rave reviews and film fest awards listed on the box. such is the case with five across the eyes ( a title i'm sure is a double entendre referring to both the films budget and the compulsion anyone watching it might have to using all five fingers to stab their eyes out ).the story, or, at least what the *ahem* writers think passes for one, centers on a group of teen girls who unwisely decide to go on a backwoods joyride late at night after leaving a football game and run afoul of a crazy woman who plays cat and mouse with them as punishment for what she thinks the girls found in her car after a fender-bender in a gas station parking lot.in fairness, it's an interesting idea. some of the best horrors have very simple story lines. it's in the execution of five across the eyes that this idea falls flat. the film tries to be a cross between the blair witch project with its shaky camera work and the texas chainsaw massacre in its bare-bones approach to the material but succeeds at being neither. what we get instead are redundant scenes of chase, torture, release; chase torture, release, in that order for 94 minutes with long interludes of bitching, moaning, and incoherent rambling acting as plenty of padding in-between chase sequences.the look of the film is incredibly grainy and dark, which, in a better made film might have enhanced the tension and the realism. here it's merely annoying. the characters are undeveloped and the viewer is hard-pressed to find anything to sympathize with them. one character stops to get a first-aid kit and tend to some scrapes on her face while gunshots heard in the background indicate her friends may be getting killed. another girl mutters hilariously dumb lines like "don't go out there, she'll get you, if she gets you she'll kill you and if she kill's you you're dead".it was an accolade from fangoria magazine and dreadcentral.com listed on the box that compelled me to check this one out. talk about a fake orgasm! perhaps my expectations would have been met had this been in the comedy section. i'm all for low-budget indie horror but this one takes the crap-cake. give five across the eyes (or fate; get it?) a pass.razorfriendly gives fate 1 slash out of five /

i can't believe this is on dvd. even less it was available at my local video store.some argue this is a good movie if you take in consideration it had only a 4000$ budget. i find this funny. i would find it very bad whichever the budget.still more funny, i read the following in another review: "dramatics aside, if you love horror and you love something along the lines of duel (1971) updated with a little more story and some pretty girls thrown in, you'll love this movie."what?!? this is a shame comparing those two movies.i give a "1", since i can't give a "0". i just don't see any way this movie could be entertaining.

how, in the name of all that's holy, did this film ever get distribution? it looks as if it has been shot on someone's mobile phone and takes the screaming girl victim scenario to whole new depths. they literally scream for the full 90 minutes of the movie. and that's all they do. there is no plot, no tension, no characters, and not a lot of acting. just screaming and more screaming.i gave up after fifteen minutes and fast-wound through it to see if anything happened. it doesn't - except for screaming, of course. odlly enough, the act of going through it on fast forward highlights another problem - there is no camera-work to speak of. every shot looks like every other shot - middle distance, one angle, dull, dull, dull.it's not so bad it's good. it's just plain bad.

this film was positively the worst film i have ever watched. i couldn't sit through the whole thing. i also think writer must have some weird fetish for women peeing puking and crapping... i mean what was that all about! i cant believe this was even made and am disgusted at have #ingwasted a £4 rental fee. the quality both picture and sound are terrible, the acting... well doesn't exist . it was a poor excuse for a film and the scenes of pee, crap and puke were reminiscent of 2 girls 1 cup. urghh....... avoid at all cost! the girls looked like they had been picked off the street and only got the part cos they'd be willing to take their tops off... while these girls have nice bodies it certainly didn't make up for the fact their shrieking was awful unconvincing and a pain to my ears.this was like (possibly worse) than an ammateur school production without any proper direction and hey there is no need for a set as it all seems to revolve around a car?! definatey not one to buy folks. sorry if my first comment is terribly negative but i could not find anything positive to say and i would like to think i may save someone else wasting their money like i have.

this really is the most dreadful film i have ever seen. i simply have no idea how anyone has the audacity to put this on release.the production standards are atrocious. there is no pretence here at cinematography. the camera work, scripting, acting and sound are unbelievably crass. i think there is a plot, but it could have been done in 10 minutes sparing us the time to watch it. the hysterical neurotic girls at the centre of this piece have no credibility whatsoever.i would urge anyone to avoid spending any time or money on this title. it is truly atrocious.jdd - 14 december 2008

do not waste your time watching this! unless you want to study it for all the wrong things you shouldn't do to make a good film. i am not one to usually review a movie, but this one is personal. i wasted precious time which they cannot give back. i feel compelled to write this report to warn others not to waste their time watching this crap. if this was a student project, i would have to say not bad, but only for the first 15 min... after that it gets annoying. the screaming, the bad audio, the bad video (a good camera man could have made it much better). and yes, whats with the blair-witch effect? no budget? i was hoping it was going to get better, but it doesn't. now how the hell did it deserves a 4? 2 is more fair but 1 for wasting my time! i have said my peace.

this movie has many problem associated with it that makes it come off like a low budget class project from someone in film school. i have to give it credit on its campiness though. many times throughout the movie i found myself laughing hysterically. it was so bad at times that it was comical, which made it a fun watch.if you're looking for a low-grade slasher movie with a twist of psychological horror and a dash of campy ridiculousness, then pop a bowl of popcorn, invite some friends over, and have some fun.i agree with other comments that the sound is very bad. dialog is next to impossible to follow much of the time and the soundtrack is kind of just there.

after just watching five across the eyes, i gotta be honest...i just didn't like it. i had read so many good reviews on this movie, but i just did'nt get where these reviews have came from,i have got a lot of time for newcomers into film-making, and i'm sure the directors will do well for themselves, but the budget they had was the main problem, there was two cameras used in the entire film (which was ok) but they seemed like really cheap cameras. another problem was the sound, you get all these girls screaming and shouting all at the same time, all talking on top of each other - it's just impossible to hear what they're saying.it had a good idea going for it, in a nutshell, they hit a parked car then drive off, a short while later they are getting chased by the car they hit, driven by a mad woman, who wants to kill them, and has plenty of chances to do so!...and on the other hand the girls have plenty of chances to escape, but don't! very frustrating...i only just scraped through this one!

the word in the summary sums it up d'oh ;) five girls get lost trying to find their way home, when they stop at a store to get directions they hit a parked car breaking one headlight on it, they flea the scene in fair of getting in trouble but suddenly they see one headlight coming up behind them (ooooh).from there out everything is screaming, crying and violence when they try to get away from this crazy person who lost it because of a headlight ;), well the screaming and crying pretty much stays through the entire movie (very annoying) the movie is shot, with a cheap camera trying to make it seem "real" or "shocking" i guess, it's just embarrassing and useless though. in lack of anything better to compare it with, "blair witch style".the screaming and crying for pretty much the entire movie with crappy sound was over the top annoying, you literally get a headache :)i'm sorry but this was not scary, only an annoying painful piece of crap movie.

i think this movie was supposed to be shocking. but the only way in which it is indeed shocking is how shocking badly it's been made ...and simply is. it's one-and-a-half hour of torment. even more so for the viewer than for the characters in the movie (the five girls).sure the main characters get their bloody piece in a bad way, which is basically fine, since it's a horror-movie. and i (usually) like horror-movies. i've no problem with violence in these type of movies per se. however all the violence in this film serves no end whatsoever. it's no spectacle other than that it's simply grotesque. it's so lame it even gets boring, and really quick too.the worst thing (if the above wasn't bad enough for ya) about this movie is that they've tried to copy the blair whitch project, by filming with cheap hand-held-cameras. but (again, this too) serves no end whatsoever. in the "blair which", sure enough, there's an explanation, namely they are their with a camera looking for the blair witch. in this film, there's no other explanation than: "hey ya'll we wanted this to look like the blair whitch!!" the sound in the movie is also something to get depressed about. the girls are screaming so hysterically that many a time you can't make out what they're saying. also, no effort has been made to make anything any better, sound-wise or other wise.than finally, there's the soundtrack, which is just as bad as the rest, and varies from cheap euro-house to the worst grungy hard-rock...my advise: don't watch this under any circumstances.

i can't believe anyone liked this movie. i've seen a lot of low-budget indie films, but this one absolutely sucked. low budget doesn't mean the movie has to be demented. horror doesn't mean the movie has to be demented. there was nothing scary about this movie at all. it was just a gore-fest, and a particularly disturbing one at that. the acting was average, considering they were all unheard of actors, but the story was pathetic, the dialog was pathetic. the movie tries to come off as "artistic", or something. this is not one of those really great indie films that cost only thousands of dollars to make, but are incredibly well done. this was nothing more than an excuse for some extremely sick people to put their perverse obsessions on film. other reviews here also said that the soundtrack sucked...that's because most of it was written by the same person, and some of the songs were written by one of the writers of the movie. there were no redeeming qualities to this movie at all. a complete waste of my time and money.

daddy's girls florence lawrence and dorothy west receive some terrific news at the local post office, unaware they are being stalked by burglar charles inslee. meanwhile, father david miles receives a message (from young robert harron) which necessitates daddy leaving home; so, when the young women return, they can be home alone. as the vulnerable pair bed down for the evening, the local "grand ball of the black and tans" gets underway; and, a dark-skinned drinker portends additional danger for d.w. griffith's dynamic duo mr. inslee has one of his better biograph roles, stealing the film from "the girls and daddy". ironically, director griffith appears as one of the black-faced extras at the "black and tans" ball. "biograph girls" lawrence and west are suggestive of later "griffith girls" lillian and dorothy gish, especially in "orphans of the storm" (1921); and, they are excessively affectionate in bed! the racist tone is unfortunate, since the story of a burglar redeemed by saving his potential victims from a greater danger, is intriguing. *** the girls and daddy (2/1/09) d.w. griffith ~ florence lawrence, dorothy west, charles inslee

yet another british romantic comedy which audiences all over the world seem to have a ravenous appetite for. this feeble effort is an unintentional parody of the genre - all the classic clichéd scenes are here from ridiculously elaborate misunderstandings to running after departing trains to declare one's love. the characters are one-dimensional caricatures save for love-hewitt who manages to bring some cohesion to the film. things threaten to spiral out of control in the plausibility department as the film progresses; our good-natured suspension of belief finally comes crashing down during the preposterous ending. if you're looking for a bridget jones, notting hill kind of experience you won't find it here.

there have been more interesting polish documentaries on worm farming, in brail_!! the competition (worm farming) had a better plot and more interesting characters. i was physically ill after watching this movie. the cheating husband (i think dougray_scott_) was a joke in every meaning of the word. poor jennifer must really need the work, and what was with the accent!!. the locations and random meetings reminded me of a high school prank, and showed the humility of a 10 year old in cooking class. it was that bad that i think i will write the sequel named "this is not a laxitive". thank you for listening it was a great weight of my conscious.

hiya folks,well, this movie sucks really. think "love actually" in reverse. nothing fits quite right, nothing is coherent, and certainly nothing makes you laugh. love is rare in this film.it is a total flop. as indicated however, there are three redeeming points about this mangled potential of a film.a) with a star billing of jennifer love hewitt, there will be hordes of guys who will submit with grace to viewing this just to catch a glimpse of the petite hewitt with form fitting clothing. to tell you now guys....there are some promising scenes....but it's really weak eye candy. the "possibilities" here are watered down. nevertheless, i watched the whole thing tempted by the next scene of you know what.....titillating!b) the ending is romantic and positive. that it's contrary and "over the top" is relevant.....yet for me was still a positive point.c) dougray scott plays an amourous friendly guy........refreshing! thank you! 2/5, not worthy of your 10 or so dollars.2/3's of the way through, i was convinced jennifer love hewitt was becoming the next softcore legend. although i'll take that back for now.....it hinges greatly on her next film.oh, and her sister is way stupid. her husband is way stupid...and what the heck, she's way stupid.next time. can't wait for the next love actually with jlh!

i ordered the movie from korea because i was an extra in it and was interested to see how it turned out.having watched it i can say that i am ashamed to have had any part of it. i feel embarrassed not only for myself but for everyone else who had any part in the making of this mockery of british "comedy".from beginning to end the film is predictable, tedious, dull, monotonous and cringe-worthy to the point that on several occasions i actually looked away from the screen in dis-belief. until you actually see the movie it is difficult to conceive how un-romantic and un-comedic a romantic comedy can be.it's not only a bad story, but a badly-made film. in one scene, you can actually see a runner or assistant director showing the s.a.'s when to wipe across. i will post details of this in the 'goofs' section.on the up-side, it did fill me with emotions (disappointment, rage, embarrassment)

watching truth about love (is this a double entendre about the star?) is like plugging in white noise or manufactured water sounds to help you sleep - you put it in the dvd slot because there is nothing else left on the store shelves and you are in need of distraction after a hectic day. and it works for that for that purpose: being a british romantic comedy it is a bit more.the story is a rather simple one about a wife alice (jennifer love hewitt) married to an increasingly distant husband sam (jimi mistry) who has put their love life on hold due to the burdens of his busy law practice. his partner archie (dougray scott) is fond of both sam and alice, but has a longtime attraction to alice that goes beyond friendship. alice pals with her sister felicity (kate miles), a free love advocate, who encourages alice to have affairs. on valentine's day, after a drinking binge with her sister, alice mails a card to sam signed 'anonymous' as a test to see if sam responds, testing his fidelity. at the same time archie mails a radish seed packet to alice on which he has inscribed a suggestive love not. both have ex post facto regrets. sam in fact is spending time with a lover katya (branka katic) and is indeed cheating on alice. alice arranges assignations with sam via email and phone calls and plans to meet sam in disguise as 'anonymous' to test his fidelity. the entire cast of characters gets caught up in the silly charade and the ending proves that real love must be based on truth - and how that results in the various pairings is the surprise (of sorts) of the fluffy script.british comedies work because of the quality of writing and the tight quality of acting. perhaps had director john hay elected to cast a british actress as alice instead of pasting a phony accent on jennifer love hewitt the result may have been improved. but in the end this story by peter bloore bounces between mildly humorous and pathetic in its messages. one terrible distraction is a musical score that is consistently so loud that it covers all the dialogue and is intrusive. there are some nice scenes of london and a few moments of passable humor, but in the end this little film is truly best utilized as background music/white noise. grady harp

whattt was with the sound? it sounded like it was all dubbed.otherwise, bad. plot = bad. accents = bad (even dougray, and we live in scotland), acting = bad, harp = bad, sex scenes - bad/cringeworthy.still, we watched it until the end in disbelief. how could such a good roll call of actors perform so badly? will they ever get a decent job again? bad, bad, bad. by the way, we gave it 3 because we at least were enticed to watch it to the end due to its bizarre plot, etc.and to the older reviewer - i totally agree, it was like a romantic farce from the 1940s. how did it get made in 2004?ok, ok, there were some ok bits. they had a nice house in bristol. dougray had a nice boat. jennifer looked nice in a little outfit. but how come the sister got all the men?

the movie had a cute opening, i truly believed i was in for one of the best romantic comedies i've seen in a while... there was something particular "foreign" about the way the movie was set up, realistic yet somewhat abstract and mystical. but then the story line started becoming more and more unrealistic. to say that the ending was corny and predictable would almost be an understatement... the most typical romantic ending where everything goes great for every 'likable' character. a scene where the main character realises that he has made a mistake and chases the "woman of his dreams" only to confess his love for her in front of a sympathetic crowd of on- lookers. come on. in the end, the 'good guys' win, 'bad guys' loose... you get the picture. a waste of a potentially interesting movie.

i've seen better production quality on youtube! i pity the actors, as the writing was terrible and the direction shocking, not sure how they could get the lines out - i really doubt any actor would have been able to salvage this movie no matter how good they were. the characters were not developed at all, and there was no real cohesion in the plot which just seemed to go nowhere much. it's a shame really, as the premise for the movie was good and with better production quality, direction and script it could have been a decent movie. it certainly was not a comedy, unless you laugh out loud at the dubbing - which was amateurish, even the english actors sounded weird.

at least it's not full of sensless violence or fluff. it's also not very full of thought or a smooth storyline. this story had some potential but the director appears to have lost site of the green. the story is disjointed and goes off in strangedirections, to no conclusion. i also don't believe the director spent much time around a golf country club, either. some of the depictions are absurd. not very engaging.

the only word i can think of to describe this movie is: ordinary.the plot line about gary sinise's character attempting suicide is a ridiculous premise and c'mon..living as some sort salingeristic hermit or recluse in a shack driving golf balls into the ocean because he couldn't handle life in the lucrative pro/am golf community? cry me a river. i wish these were my problems. i do enjoy dylan baker and sinise but this movie was clearly a bad choice or a pay check for sinise. the scene in which little timmy price gets verbally abused by the other club member in front of his father during the tournament is so over the top that i am embarrassed to watch it

"a gentleman's game" uses the game of golf in a country club setting to illustrate an adolescent's discovery about honesty, prejudice, and other life lessons. several times i thought i knew where this film was heading, only to be proved wrong. unfortunately, i'm not so sure that the filmmakers ever knew where it was heading, either. the defining moment in this movie is probably the scene in which gary sinise mocks "the karate kid" and debunks any notions that he's going to become a mentor to the adolescent golfer. it's refreshing, in a way, that this movie refuses to follow most of the simplistic and over-worked movie formulas. however, too much of it still comes off as contrived. at the drop of a hat people drop all pretenses of civility, or fail to stick up for the things in which they believe, or are exposed for something far less respectable than their place in society assumes. unfortunately, there is often no resolution to these moments. and except for the fact that the club serves as backdrop for them, there is no real continuity or linking of them. it's a shame that the writers and director could not salvage a better film, especially given some of the talented actors and potential in the setup.

i had the good fortune of reading the book before seeing the movie. it was an epic of adolescence, a dream of summers gone, a great potential indie film or big budget drama. it somehow got into the hands of a hack, who clearly took notes watching boogie nights and rushmore without actually learning anything at all. the script loses the meat of the book in favor of forced emotional notes and low brow gags. i feel sorry for the actors, since the characters in the book were rich and textured, but cut down to embarrassing charactures in the film. mason gamble is great when given the opportunity, as is dylan baker, but the skeleton that remains of the story plays out like a bad after school special. poor people = good, rich people = bad. though it's almost worth watching to see the southern california beach where gary sinise parks his trailer which is meant to pass for a bay in delaware. it's a good book, but an embarrassing turn for first time director mills goodloe. k.

i saw this movie way back when it premiered.it was based on the notion that autistic children could communicate with typed-out messages with someone else merely aiding them and guiding their hands.then suddenly these children, many of whom weren't even observing the keyboard or the screen when the messages were being typed out (they could be looking up at the ceiling in some instances), but their moderators were eyes glued on the keyboard, began typing messages of abuse from their parents and other persons, sending parents and child welfare agencies in a proberbial tizzy, left and right.this whole thing was proved a fallacy when a third person presented a folder, opened it to the child and said 'type the picture you see', then as the presenter turned the folder to the moderator, a fold would fall down, revealing another different picture.so while the child may have seen a dog, the moderator saw something like a boat.every time, every bloomin' time, the name of the picture typed was what the moderator had observed, never what the child was shown.so who was doing the typing? never the child.this movie further took a disastrous turn with, as the australia poster stated, the person who molested the child in the movie was in the situation trying to help the child.had melissa gilbert never put her son in that place, he wouldn't have been molested, is what the movie says. he was better off under her supervision.if i turn my kid over to your organization for aid and he gets molested instead, do you think i'm going to be keen to listen to anything you have to say after that? not likely! i think it is a safe bet that all of these accusatory messages that these kids were typing out, that this movie was based on, they never accused someone within their operation as took place here.unfortunately, i do recall that the movie gave a very good performance from gilbert as the mother of an autistic, but other than that, the movie really didn't do much.the worst by far was the child typing at the end to patty duke, and we hear the mechanical voice read back what he typed, . . . . . "we won!" this child was molested. if you cut my leg off and i take you to court and you are found guilty of damaging me, assault, whatever, then that is legal justice, but it doesn't bring my leg back.at best, in my condition, i will view it as a hollow victory.whatever chance this child had at what is perceived as normalcy with the autism alone is further damaged by the molestation.a 'normal' child has enough to contend with from such an experience.it's utterly superficial to think that you must look upon any situation and go 'we won' if that person is found guilty in court.just a bad handling of a situation and circumstances all the way around here.

at the end of "dragon heat," all i could think of was why i bothered sitting through the whole thing.the film's premise is interesting and that - as well as maggie q - is what attracted me to the film in the first place. but was i ever disappointed. writer-director daniel lee can't hold a candle to the likes of john woo, ringo lam and corey yuen.this has to be one of the most annoyingly-directed films i have ever seen. lee is so wrapped up in his visual style - and i use that phrase incredibly loosely - that he fills the film with completely needless black-and-white stills, freeze frames, slow-motion, fast-motion and other visual nonsense. i suppose he did all that to make up for the lack of a good story or dialogue.the action scenes are nothing special and play out like some hopped-up music video more than anything else. there is little to care about any of the characters - including two supposedly professional snipers who couldn't hit the broad side of a barn from the inside! - who are then laden with some of the cheesiest dialogue i have seen in one of these hong kong actioners.the plot is devoid of any twists and turns - from the initial set-up, everything unfolds in predictable fashion - and lee feels the need to keep reminding us of the characters' back stories in case we didn't get it the first several times. this is awfully amateurish writing and film-making and wastes the talents of sammo hung, michael biehn and maggie q. though, to be frank, i am hard-pressed to remember biehn being in any good film that was not directed by james cameron.if you really are in the mood for a great hong kong actioner, you are much better off sticking to some of the staples - john woo's "the killer" (1989) and "hard-boiled" (1992), ringo lam's "city on fire" (1987) - which quentin tarantino stole for "reservoir dogs" (1992) - or his "point blank" (1967) remake, "full contact" (1992). or, even check out yuen's "so close" (2002), a supremely entertaining, yet preposterous, popcorn flick. and there's always the terrific french police actioner, "the nest" (2002).true, most, if not all, are a bit over-the-top, but they were films that remain exciting, thrilling and even suspenseful. they have characters we care about and mind-blowing action sequences."dragon heat," on the other hand, is just terribly mediocre. the trouble is that lee has not made a bad action film, he has made a dull one.

a lot of promise and nothing more. an all-star cast certainly by hk standards, but man oh man is this one a stinker. no story? that's okay, the action will make up for it like most hk action flicks. what? the action is terrible, corny, and sparse? dragon dynasty's releases up to this point are by and large superb and generally regarded as classics in asian cinema. this is a blight. they managed to wrangle a couple of actors from infernal affairs, but they can't bring life to a disjointed script. there are scenes of dialogue where two or three lines are spoken with a cut in between each and no continuity in what the characters are saying. you almost feel like they're each giving a running monologue and just ignoring the other characters. michael biehn is made of wood, really? sammo hung uses a stunt double? no way. yes way. stay away.

ahh this film had so much potential! a good cast of quality b actors, the thighs of jessica simpson and... that is about it!i believe some guy in some unnamed marketing department had an idea. basically, lets do a kind of legally blond film, but do it in new york. that big bright city of chances, power and money and where everyone is a heartless, power/money hungry person. let's add to this jessica simpson, small town bimbo, that brother of owen wilson and for some no apparent reason andy dick (only because of him you should ignore this film).basic story line:boy leaves girl for ny, girl follows, boy cheats, girl stays in ny with cousin, gets a job under false pretenses, mucks up, is courted by other boy (brother wilson) and together save the day and kiss.a few words come to mind when reflecting upon this film, i.e. dire, awful, unbearable, intolerable and xenophobicjust don't watch this film, you will be happier. one reviewer referred to guantanamo and i definitely agree with him. this film induces shock. and i know what you are thinking... at least at some point will i see simpson naked or close too. it's not gonna happen, spare yourself the time and youtube her. you will have better sexy time!the films editing is flimsy, the acting is unbearable, and why do they use blue screens?in conclusion; this is cinematic treason which should be punished to the maximumanother question why does willie nelson always play a kind of father figure in almost every jessica simpson flick and why are there no black, latin, asian or european people in this movie?

(first of all, excuse my bad english) of course only a movie starring jessica simpson can include serious goofs like this.. i'm a norwegian and i felt offended and shocked the makers of this movie did not take the time to do their research upon making this american/"norwegian" movie. even wikipedia is more accurate when it comes to facts about this country.so i'm posting my corrections out of my frustration: -the country is named norway, not norwegia. -"da" is russian, not norwegian. -norwegian priests never use those black capes with that white paper by the neck as the protestant church is the dominant by far -it's true we have a native traditional folk-outfit (that we only use like twice a year) but the outfit in this movie is more like a german outfit. -i could not understand the so called "norwegian" in this movie.. jessica was not making any sense.. neighter did the "norwegian priests"the only thing i recognise is the norwegian flag (and the viking hats, but that's so stereotypic what people think about norway - vikings!:o gosh)well.. i guess the people who made this film will never read this comment. but at least i cleared some things up and got rid of some of that frustration..!i'm proud of my country and i'd love if people in the us were less stereotypic and more accurate when they talk about this country.that was all.. lenge leve norge ! ;p

i knew this movie wasn't going to be amazing, but i thought i would give it a chance. i am a fan of luke wilson so i thought it had potential. unfortunately, a lot of the movie's dialog was very fake sounding and cheesy. i think that aquafresh gave some money towards the production of the film because they were seriously dropping some hints throughout. there is a shot where the aquafresh sign sticks out at you that you can't help but notice it. maybe they should have focused on writing and acting more than how many times can we drop aquafresh products in the movie without people getting annoyed. the movie had its moments, but i'm glad i didn't spend $9.50 to see it in the theater.

this might be unbelievable, but this movie has grossed $878,138 in russia! it's shown in almost all cinema theaters and still running! well, i have no idea why distributors put their eye on this particular uh "movie", which had almost no screening around the world. that's some kind of enigma! haha! maybe it was based on the fact that another movie, "pledge this" with paris hilton, which was as well released only dvd almost everywhere, had major screenings in russia and grossed more than 1mln$. besides, both movies had a lot of promotion, like there were the banners all over the city, tv commercials and etc. speaking about movie, i'd say it's dull and absolutely boring. it could be better, really. even if it has jessica simpson.

the story goes something like this: a small-town girl, katie (jessica simpson), decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city. when she arrives she discovers he isn't quite as faithful as he should be. katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is new york. filling in as bike messenger comedic and charming mishaps ensues. she falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets charismatic good-guy ben (luke wilson). it's not love at first sight, at least for her, but destiny and ben, won't give up quite that easy. being "just" a small-town girl and blonde a couple of evil executives at a building firm decides she's the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan. misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences follow. however, this is one blonde who won't take it lying down!people being judgmental of this film will soon enough be proved wrong. the jokes are confident and fitting, and the story well developed. the relationship between katie and ben feels so natural that it puts anything godard has created to shame. the multi-talented jessica simpson once again surprises with a strong role only she could pull off. simpson really is the marilyn monroe of our day (there's even one scene honoring her!). she balances perfectly between vulnerable and whimsy. katie really does show us that you can't judge a book by its cover! luke wilson is as charming as ever. even if he was covered in manure that man would be as appealing as anyone. his light touch, puppy dog eyes and laid back manner makes it difficult to resist. andy dick plays the role he was born to play, one of the two diabolical executives. he really cannot be underestimated. the strength of the performance lies in his restraint. it's remarkable, because most actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs. not this guy! in conclusion, director scott marshall has crafted an intelligent and frequently hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic alongside masterpieces of cinema like epic movie and norbit. kudos to everyone involved in this, especially jessica simpson. her sincere smile and whole-hearted laughter would make even the toughest man break out in a big grin. you may be tough, but you're not that tough! warmly recommended to everyone who wants to be swept off their feet and see a romantic comedy that for once, feels honest. thank you for this film! oh, and the soundtrack rocks! now if you still haven't gotten it. i'm being sarcastic. 1/10

this movie had all the elements to be a smart, sparkling comedy, but for some reason it took the dumbass route. perhaps it didn't really know who its audience was: but it's hardly a man's movie given the cast and plot, yet is too slapstick and dumb-blonde to appeal fully to women.if you have seen legally blonde and its sequel, then this is like the bewilderingly awful sequel. great actors such as luke wilson should expect better material. jessica simpson could also have managed so much more. rachael leigh cook and penelope anne miller languish in supporting roles that are silly rather than amusing.many things in this movie were paint-by-numbers, the various uber-cliché montages, the last minute "misunderstanding", even the kids' party chaos. this just suggests lazy scriptwriting.it should be possible to find this movie enjoyable if you don't take it seriously, but it's such a glaring could-do-better than you'll likely feel frustrated and increasingly disappointed as the scenes roll past.

watching this i mainly noticed the ad placements. dhl, aquawhite strips, rockstar and more. it's one product placement after another. it's quite obvious how this movie got its funding. jessica simpson's "acting" is laughable. any dick shouldn't ever get work because he plays the same lame character. the "story" is just a backdrop for this very long commercial. i can't believe this movie was even considered for theatrical release. the longer you watch this movie the more you're embarrassed for everyone involved. the only minor saving grace is larry miller and rachael lee cook, who gets almost no screen time as jessica's cousin. i'm embarrassed i watched the whole thing. i would recommend avoiding this one.

this was a silly movie with a predictable storyline and dreadful acting!! willy nelson was as stiff as his braids. the movie just seemed like a very long advert for the bright red lipstick that jessica simpson wore - especially as there were so many close-ups on her face. the premise was not amusing and as i said - soooooooo predictable. whatever money was spent on making this movie was a shameful waste. any allusions to other old marilyn monroe movies did not enhance the viewing of blonde ambition at all. it was also so unbelievable - jessica simpson being able to step into an executive secretary position at the drop of a hat - that was laughable!!!

by now you should already know about this film, the jessica simpson "bomb" that pretty much went straight to video (limited, anemic theatrical run). basically, ms. simpson's katie travels from a small town in oklahoma to visit her boyfriend, to surprise him, only to find him in bed with another woman. she is stranded, but has one friend (rachel leigh cook, whom i wish we saw more often in film), who lets her stay. katie ends up getting a job via two conniving co-workers (penelope ann miller and the always amusing andy dick) who are just using katie to get the president of the firm (larry miller) ousted. this is strictly a b movie, its not meant to be profound. jessica simpson is not a great actress by any means, but she is pretty much beautiful and never truly annoying. the film is watchable in that its not an abomination, but its throwaway fluff. in a cameo, penny marshall is funny (a subtle in-joke about milwaukee made me chuckle), and there is a funny scene involving norwegian priests (don't read too much into this). so, not horrible, but easy to skip. your safe bet is to watch it on television if it ever does. again, not good, but not a profound disaster.

this is an embarrassment to everyone and everything used in making this joke. i personally don't care one way or another about jessica simpson and her talent or whatever so many people find fascinating about her. just as a movie this is something that wouldn't even get a passing grade in film school. the script is a mess, the acting is atrocious, and the fact luke wilson (co-writer of "bottle rocket") did this makes me wonder what the hell he was thinking. he did "old school" for crying out loud! this doesn't even belong in the same state as my "old school" dvd! please for whatever reason do not watch this! i see there is a comment that this is so bad it's good, but that frankly is too kind. when will we stop seeing singers that obviously can't act keep trying to, i hope ends soon. the worst part is that there are actually some decent actors (penelope ann miller, rachel leigh cook, & luke wilson) who are part of this dump. as far as the plot, well it is almost non-existent and so poorly done and written (yes i know it's another rehash) i very much doubt anyone will remember anything about this. please whatever you do don't waste your time, but if you do, feel sorry for the actual actors involved for wasting their time doing this bomb. jessica simpson you're pretty, but stick to singing, although i'm not much a fan of that either. and whoever did this film, i wouldn't put this on your resume. 1/10 because you can't give a zero.

who wrote this? some guy named john cohen. i guess this was the first screenplay he's ever worked on. someone should've told him you're supposed to write dialog that sounds like something someone actually might say.and who directed this? scott marshal? son of gerry marshall. my the nut has fallen far from the tree. someone might have wanted to let him know that you can, in fact, shoot a scene in a cab in new york, and it will look real, and you won't have to fake it with a blue screen for no reason. might have also wanted to let him know he should stay away from jessica simpson, but hopefully he's learned that lesson now.and jessica simpson... naturally she can't act. hell, she makes jessica alba look like audry hepburn, and yet she's starring in this movie. oh wait, it was produced by her father. okay, that's why she got the part. that's really the only reason i can think of.so should i be surprised it's bad? no. should i be amazed at how bad it is? i think a lot of people would if they saw as much of it as i did. i mean you expect a movie starring jessica simpson to be bad, but this... it's not just bad, it's the complete opposite of a classic film. think of a great woody allen movie, this film is as bad as that film is good. it's the anti-annie hall.i am so glad i didn't pay to see it, i stopped watching ten minutes in cus i couldn't go on. no doubt i would've walked out of the theater sooner. in fact i wonder how many of the 6 people who saw it per theater actually stayed and watched the whole thing. the film starts out laughably bad, and then goes to the point of being so bad it becomes a kind of chinese water torture. and then, around when the first act is ending, you realize it'll only get worse, and that's when you either need to leave, or kill yourself.in conclusion, this film goes under the category of being so bad it should be used in place of water boarding at guantanamo bay. although some prefer the water boarding.

this is probably one of the worst movies i have ever seen. jessica simpson not only lacks any acting skill, but the script is incredibly shallow and lame. you actually hear serious dialogue that goes, "i love you more." "no, i love you more." i stopped watching the movie (online) after the first half hour, i couldn't take it anymore. her "southern girl charm" just doesn't work and is really quite annoying; her attempts at slapstick humor fall flat and she delivers lines like she is reading the script right off the page.poor luke wilson. did he not read the script before agreeing to do this, or did he fall for papa joe's (jessica's dad and also the producer of the movie) promise of big profits? hopefully he now knows better than to sign on to another movie like this. luke wilson is actually a good actor - i hate seeing the pained look on his face as he suffers through the bad dialogue.also, i think the previous commenter giving this movie an 8 out of 10 was probably either involved in the movie somehow or hired by papa joe to give the movie a better rating. no one in their right mind would actually find this movie engaging.jessica has lots of money, right? maybe buy some acting lessons?

-=contains spoiler from both original and movie versions=-i am a huge fan of notre dame de paris musical,i also read book this summer and i watched movie today,in the beginning i was hopeful to watch a good film especially when i saw 6.3 imdb point.first scenes were good but i actually waited for,theaters scene directly from book,but it was normal but when esmeralda kisses gringoire i felt something is wrong..they don't even kiss in book,even in musical..and there were huge gap why esmeralda being judged by sorcerer,in the book she teaches her goat how to respond numbers of clock or write word "phoebus".. wait there were a phoebus weren't there? in this movie he is some soldier junk nothing more,the creators made quasimodo's love to show around and they even canceled frollo's love..but notre dame was frollo. his thoughts his struggles between love of god and love of human in movie we cant find anything like that all we have is,some villain who is really bad and kills people whose clashes with his thoughts..and not mentioning phoebus,not mentioning love of frollo,not mentioning jehan (brother of frollo) not mentioning mother of esmeralda (maybe it is ok,the storyline would have chopped much)they even not mentioned the real story.. (another ps:frollo wasn't a opus dei or some cult member he actually in interest with alchemy he tries to make gold..he was stuck in science and religion)finally don't watch this movie,it is some kind of directors edition to real masterpiece,and if you have watched it before read the book,god have mercy on you..you must read to book immediately..this movie is worse than hunchback of notre dame ii the animated movie,spend your time with watching notre dame de paris musical.. enough said..

this is very much a television version of the tale, the film starts out like an episode of 'xena...', with little meaningful dialog or character description. it does get a bit more substantive after a while, but all characters are still cartoonish. salma is the exotic beauty. richard harris is an evil and sexually repressed frollo, fiending to bust a nut up in salma. the other characters, including quasimodo are quite forgettable. its also a sorta liberal version of the story, frollo is a suppressor of enlightenment ideals, like the abbot in 'name of the rose', and quasimodo is a champion of liberty. the shadowy side of the quas character is ignored, though he does pour liquid led on people. he is really only an outsider in that he looks different and enjoys playing with bells more than the average person. perhaps the film is intended for children, but i doubt it, considering frollo flogs himself bloody to amend wanting to spank his monkey. a mostly uninteresting and forgettable, but not awful, and sometimes entertaining, rendition of the tale.

i tend to like character-driven films. i also think hope davis turns in consistently good work, so i had high hopes for this movie. those hopes were soon dashed.the main flaw with this movie is the direction. there are a lot of scenes that are daydream sequences. the movie makes frequent use of the denis leary character as the alter ego of the campbell scott character. it doesn't work for me at all. this would have worked better as a play than a movie.there are problems with the plot as well. it is important that the characters in a movie take a journey and end up in a place different from where they started. i didn't feel that the characters grew in the experiences portrayed in the movie.finally, the editing wasn't well done, either. there was a very big sag in the middle of the movie that was exceptionally boring.except for acting, which i felt was consistently strong, this movie failed in almost every aspect of cinema.

basically, a dentist husband-wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity. the premise is interesting, the acting is good, and the music, although sometimes abrupt and without direction, is pretty cool.the problem is the plot. the husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show (she has a minor role) and then walks back in to give her something, but sees her with another man. the rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode, his visual hallucinations and a macho alter-ego (denis leary, a former patient of his) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to "do something about it." i won't tell you the ending, but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper. the motivations of the characters are missing: why is she cheating on him? he's a dentist, decent looking, good father. the film doesn't say. who's she doing it with? don't expect any answers on that either. why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this? who knows. what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve? where is this film going? good performances by campbell scott and hope davis (and denis leary as comic relief)are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which doesn't know if it wants to be american beauty or a family film. a root canal is more interesting. avoid it.

ugh! where to begin ... first, campbell scott's non-stop angst becomes a real turn-off after awhile (a very short while) as he internalizes his mounting anguish, curiosity and anger. only we don't care! these characters as presented by the writer and director are wholly unlikable, and therein lies the key. they haven't given us anything to make us care if they are adulterous and whether or not they are still in love with one another. when scott quietly tells his wife, "i could kill you" before their three daughters at the dinner table, after the shock of his selfishly poor timing wore off i almost wished that he had--and then done the same thing to the smug, wisecracking apparition of denis leary before being hauled off the the looney bin. an utter waste of time and perhaps--only perhaps--resources.

this movie was not very entertaining, certainly no where as original or as good as a christmas story. the characters (except the youngest) try to emulate the preceding actors, and they fail. the hillbilly neighbors come out of nowhere as they weren't a part of the first movie. this really sucked, might have been good with the original cast, then again maybe not because the story is so weak. skip it.

a christmas story is a holiday classic and my favorite movie. so naturally, i was elated when this movie came out in 1994. i saw it opening day and was prepared to enjoy myself. i came away revolted and digusted. the anticipation that rang true in a christmas story is curiously missing from this mess. a red ryder bb gun is better to get than a chinese top.and it is not very funny at all. charles grodin is good but the buck stops there. bottom line:1 star. don't even bother.

eddie murphy for best supporting actor??? what an insult to alan arkin and djimon hounsou. jamie foxx (who can act) walks through this film like a zombie. beyonce ??? that was acting??? this movie pales in comparison to chicago or just about any other recent musical. if it were not for the great singing and performance of jennifer hudson i would have given this a zero.and no i never saw the stage play so i am not making the typical broadway vs. hollywood rap.

this movie is all flash and no soul. the actors put a lot of passion into the numbers, but these numbers often didn't connect with the film and felt like stand-alone music videos. and no effort was made to make the numbers sound as if they were happening right there in front of you, every single one sounds like its coming from a studio, essentially sucking all the life from the songs. off the stage the performances were all dull and unrealized, especially hudson, who essentially plays the same angry, "strong" (she's stubborn and selfish) black woman we've seen before. there was absolutely no depth to her character, nor any of the other female leads. though i think the movie wants us to believe that hudson's character faces hardship because of her weight, it is really her own refusal to do what's best for the team that lands her in trouble, making the end of the film totally meaningless. hudson's academy award is a joke, there was no justification. when she sang, she put forth emotion (though it was often misplaced, but this was the writer/director's fault), but when she was just acting, she did nothing to flesh out an already underwritten character. eddie murphy's character is the only one with an arc, and he did a fine job, but still not oscar worthy. the only actor who really brought something to the roll was danny glover, who took a small, relatively unimportant character and made something real out of it. there is nothing here to sink your teeth into, no drama or heart, or even laughs. the placement of the musical numbers was so bad that at times the movie almost seemed to be making fun of musicals instead of being one; the number when hudson is arguing with the other girls is so long-winded if it had been any longer it could pass for a family guy skit. the movie has no idea what it's about, and i felt insulted by the last few minutes. it's a big, boring waste of time, and really is the worst film i saw in '06, and nothing last year was really stellar to begin with.

we expected something great when we went to see this bomb. it is basically a broadway play put on film. the music is plain terrible. there isn't one memorable song in the movie -- heard any hits from this movie? you won't because there aren't any. some of the musical numbers go on so long that i got up to go to the restroom and get some pop corn and it was still going when i got back! if they were good songs well -- but they suck. the pace is slow, terrible character development. the lead was praised for her singing but sounded like she screamed every song -- it was almost impossible to stand. this movie has nothing to offer anyone but die-hard broadway enthusiasts. this is without a doubt the most over rated movie i've seen in my entire life. a complete waist of time and money. there is nothing memorable about this movie except danny glover -- who wasn't on screen enough and whose character wasn't developed enough. rent the video and you'll agree -- this movie was an expensive, over produced, polished dog do.

i just saw dreamgirls yesterday, and i was really underimpressed. despite all the oscar buzz, this is nothing special. anyone who was really impressed by this film has never bothered to see any of the true movie musical classics. except for eddie murphy's great musical and dramatic performance, dreamgirls is just a glorified tv movie with no style or flair. just a bunch of amateurs singing at each other!now, the first half hour was good, but i was irritated at how eddie murphy's terrific raveup performances were truncated and interrupted by montages. those were easily the best songs and best performances in the film. and the "rise to the top" portion of the film was the only part of the film that had a consistent point of view or any momentum. the remaining hour and 45 minutes was a formless, rambling mess that was neither realistic nor fantastic enough to be interesting. it was also visually dull and included too many sound-alike tunes.condon didn't try to turn any of the tunes into big show pieces as i'd expected they would. each number in the 2nd half was just one closeup after another of people "singing" at each other. and the way they shot hudson's big "love me" number was criminal! condon just shot her stomping around the stage--no drama at all! god it sucked!and note to all involved--that "sing-talking dialog" stuff might work on stage, but it does not work in movies (see embarrassing failures of evita and phantom). all that "i'll teeeell youuuu something efff-ieeee!" crap should have been left on the editing room floor. those aren't "songs."again, the film--except for eddie murphy's amazing performance--was nothing more than a glorified tv movie. there must have been megabucks behind the pr work for this film! i wonder how much money was spent to give it that pre-release "one to beat" oscar buzz? as a whole this film was, except for eddie, nowhere near an oscar caliber movie! (except for eddie) i'd rank it right up there with grease 2. big disappointment, especially after all the (very expen$i've) hype!

dreamgirls, despite its fistful of tony wins in an incredibly weak year on broadway, has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals. however, that is not to say that in the right cinematic hands it could not be fleshed out and polished into something worthwhile on-screen. unfortunately, what transfers to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit with all of its inherent weaknesses intact. first, the score has never been one of the strong points of this production and the film does not change that factor. there are lots of songs (perhaps too many?), but few of them are especially memorable. the closest any come to catchy tunes are the title song and one night only - the much acclaimed and i am telling you that i am not going is less a great song than it is a dramatic set piece for the character of effie (jennifer hudson). the film is slick and technically well-produced, but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance. there is some interest in the opening moments, watching jamie foxx's svengali-like manager manipulate his acts to the top, but that takes a back seat in the latter portion of the film, when the story conveniently tries to cast him as a villain, despite his having been right from a business stand-point for a good majority of the film. beyonce knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly well, but is stuck with a character who is basically all surface glitz. anika noni rose as the third member of the dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do for the entire film. eddie murphy acquits himself well as a singer obviously based on james brown, but the role is not especially meaty and ultimately has little impact. foxx would seem ideal casting, but he seems oddly withdrawn and bored. the film's biggest selling point is surely former american idol contestant/oscar winner jennifer hudson in the central role of effie white, the temperamental singer who gets booted from the group and makes a triumphant closing act return. for me, effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the movie. the film obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and rather ham-handedly takes her side, but i have never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion. from the start, effie conducts herself for the most part like an obnoxious, egotistical, self-centered diva, who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her rather than having much vested interest in the group of which she is a part. when she is booted from the group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude, the charges are more than well-founded, but the stage show/film seem to think effie should be cut unlimited slack simply because she has a great voice. even though the film tries to soften some of effie's harder edges to make her more likable, the charges still stand. her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting she should have our further sympathy because she is an unwed mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that (much like the talent card) motherhood immediately makes any behavior excusable. indeed the only big effort the film makes to show effie's mothering is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office, insists that the girl has "no father" and then refuse to look for gainful employment to support them since singing is all she knows. in the hands of a skillful actress, the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma. unfortunately, hudson is not that actress. she sings well, but the dialog-driven moments do not come naturally to her nor do high emotional moments. effie's signature moment (the aforementioned and i am telling you... number) is well-sung by hudson, but emotionally flat in the acting department. effie is supposed to expressing her rage and desperation at her predicament, but hudson comes off as a cabaret performer belting out a hot number. all in all, not quite the emotional highlight one expects. the latter portion of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver foxx into hudson's earlier position and allow her to strut back in and lord it over everyone. foxx's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly par for the course of many struggling record producers, but the film's seeming implication that he has it coming because he helped usher in the disco era is rather ridiculous, not to mention pretentious and condescending, particularly coming from a film with all of the depth of a puddle. the end result is a faithful rendition of the stage hit, drained of emotion, energy or anything that can be described as dynamic.

yeah. pretty sure i saw this movie years ago when it was about the supremes.another recycled storyline glitzed up hollywood-style, borrowing scripts from better making-it-in-the-music-industry films.nothing original here.more make-up, glammier costumes and choreography = more money for the questionably "talented" beyonce draw.if you like the throwback style, you should appreciate actual groups who struggled (without having digitized voices and a hollywood empire).beyonce's involvement makes this hypocritical garbage.

this was longer than the ten commandments, all lord of the rings and the matrix trilogy combined. my oh my, what a nightmare. this is the single biggest over-hype of 2006. there is not a moment that is not scripted and clichéd. movie musicals can be done brilliantly and bring genuine excitement to the viewer. dreamgirls takes the route of chinese water torture, in the form of endless music montages, shoddy acting, and poor directing choices (seriously, mr. condon, did you have to do the old billboard countdown shots? it's at #58! no wait, look its rising up the charts and here is the passing billboard notice to show you again....and again....and again)

it makes sense to me that this film is getting raves from hollywood because oftentimes in hollywood it's all just a popularity contest. it also makes sense when you think that people who are liking the film may just be reacting to the countless songs being spit out at you rather than story content. yet, this film is overrated and overblown. eddie murphy looks just ridiculous. no way do jeniffer hudson and beyonce knowles give the oscar rated performance so many have raved over before the film was even out. i can't even believe that condon is being set up to be nominated for a directing oscar when all he did was put together an album. glitz does not replace a nothing storyline. a bunch of songs does not a movie make.

i can't believe how awful this movie turned out to be. i feel magnanimous even referring to it as a "movie". the acting was flat, the editing was terrible and the plot leaves many major questions unanswered. the premise was ok, if unoriginal: a small group of aliens is living in the us and trying to slowly take over humanity. but it goes rapidly downhill from there. how could they convince a "human" to accept an alien as his wife in order to make they alien-human hybrid they require? they show a larval alien but never show what it does. they have a plastic surgeon that can produce perfect looking skin on an industrial scale. they throw in the obligatory huge alien monster with teeth. the ending was almost too painful to watch. i suppose that i'm mostly disappointed that bruce boxlietner would have anything to do with this. how could he say to the huge alien monster with teeth, "get away from him you son of a b*tch" with a straight face? it's a long fall from his babylon 5 days. avoid this at all costs.

words fail me.and that isn't common.done properly this could have been great, funny spoof b-movie sci-fi, but sadly, it was not to be. rarely in the field of drama have so many competent actors struggled so vainly with such a dogs-breakfast of a script. i can only endorse the previous reviewer's comments - go clean the bathroom. in fact do anything except watch this film.positives: lucy beeman's nose. negatives: everything else.most apposite line: "this isn't going anywhere".if only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate.

my friends and i rented this from blockbuster because we saw nana visitor's name on the box. this movie is a travesty i hope she negates from her cv.the "plot" was lose and flaccid, the acting was mostly dry and unbearable in some parts. the movie made no sense whatsoever. the rough plot of an alien parasite species that infects humans has been done many times by films with much better scripts than this, for example, invasion of the body-snatchers and the faculty.if you ever have the misfortune to come across this movie, i suggest you burn it.how it classes itself as a horror movie when there was no use of fear, suspense, gore, terror or any of the usual horror film techniques i don't know, however if you still find yourself wanting to watch this film i suggest you have a lot of sugar before hand, so you can find parts of it funny.

"they are among us" is poor science fiction at best. mediocre acting bogs down this film. the plot holes are numerous. aliens that somehow came to earth on a meteor and have been hiding among us for over 100 years, but need a plastic surgeon to make them appear human. in their alien form they supposedly have exo-skeletons (which is why they need the plastic surgery) but when you see them they have teeth and fingernails. the heroine's father "disappeared" after project blue book closed, but was supposedly an f-16 pilot. and on and on. if you want to see an alien invasion movie, pick "invasion of the body snatchers", and see how it is done right.

i went to see this film based on the review by siskel and ebert; not only did i get duped, but i took some friends along, and had to spend the rest of the day profusely apologizing for making them sit through this pointless crap. after this, i never went to see a movie based solely on siskel & ebert's advice.

when i noticed that "hamish macbeth" was being broadcast in the united states, i was thrilled. i then had the misfortune to watch the darn thing. i adore m. c. beaton's books about the wonderful scottish constable. the characters in the book are entertaining and very well-written. the powers that be who are responsible for this mish-mash apparently have never have read one of beaton's books. only the name "hamish macbeth" has anything to do with the series. besides the lack of familiar characters, i find the whole show offensively loud. it seems that the actors feel they must shout their lines and scream at each other. if you love m. c. beaton's adorable hamish macbeth don't waste your time on this rubbish.

this film was absolutely awful, i even feel uncomfortable calling it a film. its the typical "mumblecore" movie, with zero plot and a bunch of aimless whiny twenty somethings stumbling around trying to "figure stuff out". i have tried to give mumblecore a chance, but lets be honest its just horrible.i am not out of sync with cinema, i appreciate dogme95 films, idioterne is one of my all time favorite films. so i do not mind if a film is cheaply made so long as there is some (any) substance.everything in this film is horrid, the acting, the writing (or was it all improvised?), the direction, but most of all, above everything else, the camera work was just plain and simple nonsense. the camera was never anywhere logical, there was no consistency. i got to admit being a guy i had heard there was nudity in this film so i thought to myself well even if its horrible at least there's nudity (yea i know, i'm a jerk). well thanks to the uber crappy camera-work you never really get to see anything, and the things you do see, trust me - you do not want to see. this film made me want to vomit on numerous levels.the dialogue made me want to vomit, the camera-work made me want to vomit, but mostly the idea that this film was praised by some legit critics, well now that more than anything makes me want to vomit.

"it's like hard to like describe just how like exciting it is like to make a relationship like drama like with all the like pornographic scenes thrown like in for like good measure like, and to stir up like contro- like -versy and make us more like money and like stuff." - ellen, the lost quote."kissing, like, on the, like, mouth and stuff" is like the best like artistic endeavor like ever made. watching like ellen's hairy arms and like chris masturbating was like the height of my years-long movie-viewing experience and stuff. but before i like begin like breaking new u.s.-20-something-airhead records with the my "likes", let me like just briefly list like the high- like -lights of this visual like feast: 1. chris doing the deed with his genitals. and not just that: the way the camera (guided so elegantly by ellen and patrick) rewards the viewer with a full-screen shot of chris's fat white-trash stomach after he finishes the un-catholic deed - that was truly thrilling. i can in all honesty say that i've never seen such grace. chris, you should do more such scenes in your next movies, because that is exactly what we needed as a continuation of what that brilliant, brilliant man, lars von trier and his "idiots 95", started. a quick w*** and then a hairy, fat, white belly: what more can any movie-goer ask for?! needless to say, i can sit all day and watch chris ejaculate (in spite of the fact that i'm straight)... such poetry in motion. such elegance, such style. no less than total, divine inspiration went into filming that sequence - plus a solid amount of zen philosophy. even barbra streisand could not get any more spiritual than this.2. ellen's hairy, thick arms. the wobbly-camera close-ups, so skillfully photographed by our two directors of photography (i can't emphasize this enough), ellen and patrick, often caused confusion regarding the proper identification of the sex in question. there were several scenes when we would see a part of a body (a leg, arm or foot), yet it was often a guessing game: does that body-part belong to a man or a woman? naturally, chris and his fellow artists, ellen, patrick and whatsername, cast themselves on purpose, because their bodies were ideal for creating this gender-based confusion. it was at times hard to guess whether one is seeing a female or male leg. patrick is so very thin and effeminate in his movements, so hairless and pristine, whereas ellen and the other girl are so very butch, what with their thick legs and arms. brilliant. 3. brilliant - especially the way that neatly ties in with the theme of role reversal between the sexes: so utterly original and mind-blowing. ellen behaves like a man, wants sex all the time, while her ex patrick wants to talk - like a girl. spiffing.4. ellen's search for a leftist mate. "he must love 'the simpsons', which is quite leftist." i am glad that the makers of this movie decided to break the long tradition of offering us intelligent leftists. ellen is such a refreshing - and realistic - change. the number of "likes" that she and her liberal friends manage to utter in less than 80 minutes is truly phenomenal (3,849, to be exact). they have managed to realistically transfer their real-life ineptness onto the big screen with a minimum of effort, and i applaud them for that.5. the close-ups of toes. plenty of stuff here for foot-fetishists, which i think is a very liberal, highly commendable way of reaching out to sexual minorities. after all, shoe- and foot- fetishists are offered so little in modern cinema, so it's nice to see that someone out there cares.kotm, or rather, klotlmas, offers more than meets the eye. it is not just a modest little film about shallow people engaging in hollow relationships while indulging in meaningless conversations. no, it's much more than that. it's about the light that guides all silly creatures; the guiding light that dominates the futile lives of various pseudo-artistic wannabes who just dropped out of film school, and plan to assault our senses with dim-witted drivel that will hopefully play well at pretentious festivals like sundance and cannes, enabling them to gain the necessary exposure hence some real cash for a change, with which they will later hire the likes of sean penn and george clooney in promoting the saving of this planet and the resolving of all political problems this world faces. what better way to do that than by making porn at the very start? if chris and ellen did the camera here, as is clearly stated in the end-credits, then who held the camera while the two of them were in front of it? they probably hired some passers-by and shoved the camera into their hands...go to http://rateyourmusic.com/~fedor8, and check out my "tv & cinema: 150 worst cases of nepotism" list.

what a time we live in when someone like this joe swan-whatever the hell is considered a good filmmaker...or even a filmmaker at all! where are the new crop of filmmakers with brains and talent??? we need them bad, and to hell with mumblecore!this movie is about nothing, just as the characters in the film stand for nothing. it's this horrible, so-called gen y, that is full of bored idiots, some of which declare themselves filmmakers with out bothering to learn anything about the craft before shooting. well, orson welles was a filmmaker. john huston was a filmmaker. fellini was a filmmaker. dreyer was a filmmaker, etc. current films like these show just how stupid young, so-called "filmmakers" can be when they believe going out with no script, no direction, no thought, no legit "camerawork" (everything shot horribly on dv), no craft of editing, no nothing, stands for "rebellious" or "advanced" film-making. nope, it's called ignorance and laziness or just pure masturbation of cinema (and there actually is an in-your-face "jack-off shot," so be ready). look at the early films of any accomplished "indie" filmmaker: linklatter, morris, allen, lynch, hartley, jarmusch, jost, lee, or herzog...none made anything as tedious and aimless as this, yet swan-whatever the hell, is still going to sxsw every year and hailed as some kind of gutsy, new talent. it's crap! i can't imagine anyone liking this, and everything else this so-called filmmaker has done (all seen by me) is just as bad (the newer stuff clearly made to appeal to a more mainstream audience, one of the sitcom calling). steer clear, unless you're a friend or family member of those involved...on second thought, if you're a family member or friend you'd probably be embarrassed to see a family member or friend in such compromising situations...utter garbage. this isn't art. this is the ultimate opposite of it.

the cowboys could leave you a little sore in the saddle. definitely not one of johns best movies. don't get me wrong, with any john wayne move there is always some good spots. and this one has it's fair share. but over all the picture moves slow and just doesn't live up to the aspirations it could have been. bruce dern again does an outstanding job as the villain. roscoe lee brown is another bright spot in the movie. the kids in the movie were average but could have been cast better. this would be a good movie for the eight to fifteen year old movie goers.this would be a good family move to watch with your children. just be aware, there is a couple of scenes that you may want to take a look at before you let the young ones see it. but most kids that i know who have seen the movie like it. maybe it's because they get to see kids their age do all the grown up work.

camille 2000 aspect ratio: 2.35:1 (panavision)sound format: monowhilst visiting rome, an amorous nobleman (nino castelnuovo) falls in love with a beautiful young libertine (daniele gaubert), but their unlikely romance is opposed by castelnuovo's wealthy father (massimo serato), and fate deals a tragic blow...a sexed-up love story for the swinging sixties, adapted from a literary source (alexandre dumas' 'la dame aux camelias') by screenwriter michael deforrest, and directed with freewheeling flair by radley metzger who, along with the likes of russ meyer and joe sarno, is credited with redefining the parameters of 'adult' cinema throughout the 1960's and 70's. using the scope format for the last time in his career, metzger's exploration of 'la dolce vita' is rich in visual excess (note the emphasis on reflective surfaces, for example), though the film's sexual candor seems alarmingly coy by modern standards. production values are handsome throughout, and the performances are engaging and humane (castelnuovo and gaubert are particularly memorable), despite weak post-sync dubbing. though set in an unspecified future, enrico sabbatini's wacked-out set designs locate the movie firmly within its period, and piero piccioni's 'wah-wah' music score has become something of a cult item amongst exploitation devotees. ultimately, camille 2000 is an acquired taste, but fans of this director's elegant softcore erotica won't be disappointed. next up for metzger was the lickerish quartet (1970), which many consider his best film.

the previous poster obviously worked on the movie. it's a joke how bad it is and no one would review this kind of movie the way he did.mentioning all of the actors' names and what they were in previously is a sure sign that he's involved with it in some way.it's on cinemax right now and i was sure this was some movie where porn stars (the one called ava is gorgeous and well-endowed) were forced to make something else for some crazy tax reason.also, when i first saw it, i was sure it was made in about 1986, and i was born in '73, so i thought i knew what i was talking about...but no...it was made in 1993!! unbelievable!though i would call it one of those so bad it's good movies. like watching a train wreck.

since crouching tiger hidden dragon came along, there's been a lot of talk about a revival of the hong kong movie industry. don't believe it. the people now making movies in hk give new meaning to the word crass. running out of time 2 is a perfect example. ekin cheng is the name draw, here, but he spends most of the film just grinning idiotically and flipping a coin. he flips the coin over and over and again and again. why? who knows? sean lau plays a cop who chases after the coin-flipping pretty boy. but once again: who knows why? there's a pretty actress in the female lead who runs some sort of company and she has to pay a ransom or something but she mostly just looks like she would rather be at a spa or shopping centre than in front of a camera. nothing makes any sense. there is no action. there is no sex. there is no comedy. all there is is a name: ekin cheng. and you know what? who cares?

this movie is about a cop (ching wan lau) trying to catch a super-clever thief (ekin cheng) who blackmails an insurance company headed by a kelly lin. basically, whatever plans the cop tries the thief somehow knows them beforehand. this movie, covered by handsome lead actors, beautiful lead actress and good camera shots of hong kong scenes, really has no substance at all. it's all flash, and the flash quickly becomes dull too. i lost all interests a third of the way into the movie, and there is no redeeming quality after that, except for the cinematography, which looks good. only consider seeing this movie if you can do so for free. also, consider stopping watching the movie 20 minutes into the movie because it's all the same to the end: boring. 6/10

the acting wasn't great, the story was full of simplistic turns and transparent characters. it's about the repercussions of the struggle between right-wing flemish block voters on the one side and the moroccon people living in the belgian city antwerp on the other side. is it a political analysis ? is it some kind of belgian west side story or modern romeo and juliet ? the film just isn't strong enough to answer both questions (supposing those were the director's questions, too). still, some of the scenes could function as a kind of ken loach film, set in antwerp. after all, this city has been the starting point of the extremist right-wing flemish block party and is struggling with a lot of problems and tensions between different populations and cultures. it's very difficult to make a film about this situation, and this one isn't successful, unfortunately. still, it's telling a story about a very real and complicated situation in present-day belgium. the few foreign viewers watching should try and enjoy it and realise it's not the actual film that is important but the social dividing lines behind it that haunt belgium, a 10 million people country, in the 2000sdries van dongen

in the unlikely case that some aspiring directors are reading these comments, i'd like to offer some advice (free of charge!), from a viewer's perspective. if you want to make a serious exotic adventure film, do it. if you want to make a spoof of exotic adventure films, go ahead. do not try to make both at the same time, it doesn't work. for example, having a goofy "comic relief" character killed and beheaded and following it up with a monkey shaking a tree and dropping a coconut on a cannibal's head just makes you look like you had no idea what kind of movie you wanted to make. this one is boring, meandering, cheap, racist....you get the picture. a couple of smart moments and a few glimpses of nudity from kathy shower (way too prissy here) are hardly worth your trouble. there is a reason everyone has forgotten about this film's existence. (*1/2)

looking through the other comments, i'm amazed that there aren't any warnings to potential viewers of what they have to look forward to when renting this garbage. first off, i rented this thing with the understanding that it was a competently rendered indiana jones knock-off. what i got was one of the most offensive movies i can remember trying to sit through, made all the more shocking by the movie's comparatively high production values.i don't think this is a spoiler, but if it is, be warned...if your idea of entertainment is watching bimbo getting raped from behind by fearsome tribal chief, while she is staring into the dead eyes of her significant other's severed head, by all means, rent this flick. if not, i'd advise you to look elsewhere for entertainment.come to think of it, that scene so succinctly sums up the movie that there's nothing else i really need to say about it.

although this is generally a cheesy jungle-adventure movie, it does have some highlights - the settings are quite beautiful, and the pacing of the adventure is good. you won't be bored watching it.keith is as breezy as possible playing the eponymous lead, an unabashedly drunk jungle guide shanghai'd into escorting rich boy van hoffman and his gorgeous wife shower on a hunting expedition in cannibal country. he never takes things seriously . shower is there as decoration and keith makes extensive use of her - she doesn't really have to act much. she's not the only female to show off her body and the prurient aspects of the film make it about halfway to a t/a picture.there's nothing in this film that would draw specific attention to it, or away from it. produced to be shlock, it succeeds without too much fuss. a good 2 am cable programmer.

my 7-year-old daughter loved it, as disney execs crassly calculated that she would. that's the problem with "air buddies." it's a strictly by-the-numbers children's film filled with carefully calculated cuteness, a couple politically correct morals, and enough potty humor to avoid the dreaded g rating. as a parent, or even as a 10-year-old, you've seen it all before, and done better before. think "101 dalmatians meets home alone" and you get the general idea. i'm of the opinion that a good children's story is a good story, period. "air buddies," which is about as original as recycled paper, fails to meet that standard. it isn't the worst video your child could watch, but there are megatons of better ones.

dear richard, i know we all loved you on home improvement with tim allen. but seriously, do you not have anything else to do besides lame sequels to air bud? i would have thought tim might have actually give you a bit role by now or even becoming his personal assistant. i know that seems ironic, but the pay benefits are much more rewarding.everybody would see you around tim and instantly think "tool time". you would even get roles with bob vila more often. instead, you appear for 10 minutes with a golden retriever and smiling. i know there wasn't much of a script, but you could have added to it. i mean, come on. tim owes you one.but seriously, this movie does nothing for the air bud line. quite the contrary, the fake talking puppies are cornier than actually seeing the dogs play sports. the original was better. and you, mr. richard karn, know that more than anybody.this is an "f" movie.

i know that in this episode there's other stuff apart from what i am going to discuss, and in fact i think it has some virtues; for example, the fact, after we had been given a very negative opinion of jin from seeing sun's flashbacks in "house of the rising sun", we get to see jin's side of things and get a new, more balanced understanding of his life.but there is an element in this story that made me so deeply uncomfortable that it greatly dampened my enjoyment of the whole episode. before now, in the scene where jin appeared with blood on his hands and shirt, it had been hinted that sun's father was someone who was getting rich through shady, illegal methods. i thought maybe he was a mob boss, even; mobs operate in korea, just like in almost every other country in the world, so it was a reasonable possibility. however, in this episode we learn that sun's father is in fact the boss (or a top executive) of a korean automotive company, and that what jin had been doing was physically attacking a government official (who was actually going to be murdered) on his behalf.i may be especially touchy about this because i happen to work in the automotive industry, but i would say it is spectacularly offensive and racist to even suggest that this kind of thing goes on in korea; that huge, serious companies like hyundai or kia (which must be the model for this fictitious car company, as they are the only ones that actually exist in reality) operate with these mafia-like methods, instead of like any normal automotive company of the west. it is just unbelievable to me that the writers would have the gall to write something like that into the story, and that there hasn't been an uproar in korea over it. it feels like extraneous "buy american!" propaganda, portraying foreign car companies as criminal, untrustworthy, third-world outfits.

i liked the first movie, but this is a textbook example of a sequel that would have been better of left on the drawing board. the general idea in the first movie was, if not great, then at least very interesting. this sequel tries to build upon the idea and the characters from the first movie, and though christopher walken is still good as gabriel, the whole idea suddenly gets a bit ridiculous. if you haven't seen any of these movies, then get the first movie and forget about the sequels, they can take away all of the joy from the original.

i'll make this short and sweet....this movie sucked!!!!!!i watched part 1 earlier today and thought it was one of the greatest films ever, gave it 9 out of 10 stars. so i thought perhaps part 2 and 3 would be good sequels, i was wrong. this movie bored me to death and was so different from the first one, it had the plot continue and thats it. it was like bad outtakes from part one or something.i love walken, but i felt sorry for him here. i was so happy about glenn danzig being in this film, but don't blink you'll miss him. there was a full cast full of crappy actors and people i don't like such as eric roberts and jennifer beals. however, it was a breath of fresh air to see ethan embry, he's one of the funniest people on earth.this movie will make you like the first one a little less, so don't watch it because you feel you owe it to yourself, being a fan of part 1. i am gonna wait a few days before i watch part 3 and i pray it is better than this crap.the last scene of the movie with the lightning was one of the most beautiful things ever shown on film. fast forward or skip to that if you can't stomach the first part.1 out of 10 stars - this was awful!

it's not often i feel compelled to give negative criticism of a film; after all i often feel the maxim, "if you don't have anything good to say don't say it at all," would be apt advice for the many naysayers we listen to everyday who nitpick at things we like. if it's all the same to you the reader though i feel compelled to point out that with the lone exception of christopher walken in a returning role as gabriel this movie is pathetically horrid. i say this to you to warn you in advance that even if you are a fan of walken's deadpan delivery and style or liked the original "prophecy" that you will be sorely dissapointed. if you buy it, return it. if you rent it, make sure it's only ninety-nine cents.what's wrong with this movie? a full list would take too long to read and would bore you to tears, but a short summary would be the following: the once rather crystalline clear picture of the relationship between angels and mortals of the first film is ripped to shreds. gabriel is turned from the rather morbid right hand of god he once was (and in this role he is wickedly funny in the first) to little more than a thug for heaven. since walken is so good at playing heavies (we all remember frank white from "king of new york") he is still enjoyable but the supporting cast is an unmitigated and unconvincing mess of mortals and angels alike who couldn't buy a clue for 50 cents. if you can figure out the plot you're a smarter man than i. one gets the feeling we wander aimlessly from scene to scene just to move the film along to walken's next big line. by the end of the movie you're actually wishing he'd blow his horn and make the walls of jericho fall on the people who made this un-natural disaster.bottom line - it's an insult to our intelligence that they made a sequel to this film in the first place. the original told the right story, answered the questions that should have been, and left alone the ones you were meant to ponder afterwards. there are no compelling reasons to follow these characters that was in the first - the priest who lost his faith, the little girl who kept the "big secret", the teacher who protected her children - even lucifer himself was more interesting by himself in the first film than all the other characters in the sequel put together. i feel sorry for anybody who sees this film and not the first because they'll probably never want to watch the original and that's a real tragedy.

the prophecy ii, what's there to say about it? they've completely abandoned the originality of the first film, and simply made a chris walken splatter film. it's not even written by the original writer!if you've seen nr. 1 don't watch nr. 2 it's a real disappointment...if you haven't seen nr. 1 don't watch nr. 2! go see nr. 1 to experience something original and fun

i personally liked "the prophecy" of 1995 a lot. christopher walken was, as always, great, and even though the film wasn't flawless, it was a creepy and highly original horror/fantasy film that entertained immensely. this inferior 1998 sequel is still worth watching, but mainly due to walken. walken is one of the greatest actors around, in my opinion, and he is once again outstanding in the role of the fallen archangel gabriel, whom he plays for the second time here. once again, the war between fallen and loyal angels is brought to earth. gabriel returns in order to prevent the birth of a child, namely the child of the angel danyael (russel wong) and the human woman valerie (jennifer beals). this child could once be the determining factor of the celestial war... as i said above, christopher walken is once again excellent as gabriel. besides gabriel, however, "the prophecy ii" sadly also includes a bunch of terribly annoying characters. the character of valerie was annoying enough, and danayel annoyed me even more. the biggest pain in the ass, however was the character of izzy (played by brittany murphy), a suicidal girl who wouldn't shut up. still, walken's performance isn't the only redeeming quality of the film. the entire film is quite dreary, and well-shot in dark colors, which contributes a lot to the atmosphere. gabriel's resurrection scene in the beginning is furthermore quite impressive, and one of the coolest moments in any of the "prophecy" films. "the prophecy ii" is nevertheless the weakest of the three "prophecy" films with walken. definitely a christopher walken one-man-show, entertaining, but nothing beyond that.

everybody knows that gregory widen's original "the prophecy" didn't really require a sequel, but you also don't need a degree in rocket science hanging above your chimney to realize that further cash-ins on this profitable horror concept were inevitable. part two is a very prototypic example of a straight-to-video sequel, meaning the creative and convoluted plot of the original has been simplified a lot in favor of more action, more witty one-liners and a lot more eerie religious scenery. the only good news is that the producers managed to keep christopher walken for the role of gabriel, and he delivers another gloriously brazen performance that promptly justifies the price of a rental. if it wasn't for walken's performance (and perhaps a couple of players in the supportive cast like brittany murphy and glenn danzig), "the prophecy ii" surely would have disappeared into oblivion straight after its release. the movie begins with gabriel literally getting spat out of hell to proceed with his ongoing war of heaven here on earth. the purpose of his battle this time is to prevent the baby of nurse valerie rosales (jennifer beals) from getting born. for you see, her unborn child is the first ever hybrid between a heavenly angel and an earthly "monkey" and the birth of such a superior being would imply the downfall of gabriel's evil dominion. thus, just as in the first movie, he engages a suicidal accomplice to assist him and hunts valerie all the way down to the eden for the final showdown. "the prophecy ii" is an endurable and occasionally even entertaining movie as long as you don't make comparisons with the original and as long as you manage to overlook the multiple plot holes and errors in continuity. whenever the storyline becomes too tedious, the makers luckily enough always insert a near-brilliant christopher walken moment to distract you. his interactions with the rebellious izzy and particularly his ignorance regarding modern earthly technologies often result in worthwhile and memorable sequences. on a slightly off-topic note, i often felt like "the prophecy ii" ambitions to look similar to "terminator ii"  gabriel's resurrection looked somewhat like the teleportation of a futuristic cyborg and the eden location, where the final battle takes place, looks very similar to the steel factory where "terminator ii" ended as well. coincidence, i guess? overall, this is an inferior and passable sequel but still worth checking out in case you're a fan of christopher walken's unique acting charisma (and who isn't?).

this is another example of a sucky sequel to a great movie. i highly recommend the prophecy, but this movie was a dud from the start. the acting was decent all the way around, but the story line was weak and added nothing to the origional. a 4 out of 10 at best.

i rented this on dvd yesterday and did not realize it was a "character study" type of movie, so i struggled to watch about an hour of it before hitting the stop button.even with a character study theme, i just could not get into this film at all. perhaps it was my mood in wanting to watch something else, or maybe i had other expectations, but setting that aside, i tried my best to move on to finish watching, but gave up. the actors played their roles well, but the global combination did not come together to keep my interest. about the only interesting thing was the sergeant's gun being stolen and he hurried to buy another one, and spray painted it black to appear as police issue. i think this movie should have been entitled, "who stole the sergeant's gun?" scenes were well done but putting them together i once again felt robbed for anything cohesive to keep me viewing.since i didn't finish watching it i'd say there is some merit to renting this film ... maybe. to me, it was a waste of good viewing effort and time. i'll leave it up to you to try it, but it's not one i'd strongly recommend.

this series was cbs networks answer to the success of the big valley. it was a 90 minute western just like the abc program was. while it was an answer, it did not have the stuff to make it past season 2.the problem really became reality got lost on this show. for example- in one episode, johnny gets his eye poked out by a stick. amazingly, by the end of the show, johnny had healed entirely. along with that, the stories on this were no where near as strong as the big valley.this is a show that i would not want dvds of, & frankly hope they are never released. think since cbs was running out of lots, they re-used many familiar settings. this was one the last western series cbs produced as westerns were not real popular in the 1970's.

this movie is lame and not funny at all. the plot doesn't even make sense. some scientist who works on the fringes of science opens a doorway to another dimension (maybe hell???) and his daughter gets sucked through it or something, then one day for no apparent reason she comes back and now she has big breasts and wears a skimpy outfit (i guess the demons in the other dimension made it for her?) the main character is a guy who wants to marry his girlfriend but she is gay so obviously she's more interested in her new girlfriend, and they stumble upon this witch spell book (they want to be witches or something???) and the evil spell ends up getting read again which is how the evil demon comes to earth which only the bikini top girl and the spurned guy in love can stop apparently. there is topless scenes for no reason and a guy in it who my boyfriend says is a well known wrestler but his part is completely unnecessary, obviously they made something up just to put him in it because then maybe wrestling fans will actually watch this pointless movie. i'm sure the topless girls doesn't hurt there either. the extra features on the dvd were even more confusing than the rest of the movie, i thought it might help explain what was going on but it actually just made things more confusing. who are these people and what are they doing? basically this is a go-camping-to-make-out-then-fight-a-monster movie but there are a bunch of things (like the other dimension and book seller) than make it confusing. i didn't like the movie but it was only like five bucks so big deal. i don't recommend watching it though it was just too stupid, i can't think of any part of the movie that was good.

this film has a very simple but somehow very bad plot. the entire movie is about a girl getting sucked through a gate to another dimension then years later it gets opened again by a witch while a group of friends (including the lead actor who is having trouble getting over his ex girlfriend who is one of the other campers along with her new partner... another girl... that's right they're lesbians and there is some nudity of course for no particular reason). unfortunately demon follows the now adult girl back through. also unfortunately, none of this is ever explained. where exactly were they? where did the demon come from? how did she survive as a child in a place full of evil demons? who the hell trained her and made her a gladiator type outfit? the acting is terrible i think but it's hard to tell because the writing is so bad maybe there was just nothing they could do with it. i give it a three because the wrestler was pretty good and the effects were pretty fun even though they were very cheap. i would not recommend it, it wasn't quite bad enough to be funny.

this is one of those horror flicks where twenty-somethings fool around with the dark arts around a camp fire, getting into a heap of trouble for doing so. a portal was opened containing a world of demons known as the kelippoth of the sitra achra by a man whose daughter, summer, gets kidnapped by something, taken into it. summer is trained by a mysterious group whose identities are never revealed to battle the demon monsters. this is a portion of the plot which lends itself to scrutiny. anyway, three wannabee witches, who went to high school together, renea, the most enthusiastic, serious practitioner in the dark arts, and her lesbian cohorts, jasmine and marlene(..it's more or less a passing fad with them, though..) join up with buddies, jason and ricky, on a trip in the wilderness where summer vanished from her home ten years ago. opening the portal through a spoken text written in an ancient book, a demon is set free, as is summer, now a warrior babe whose training has led to a very fit and athletic body and skills that have been needed to ward off monsters in the other world.low budget contains a loopy, but ambitious story, restraining it into a confined setting. these young adults spend a lot of time running around in the woods hoping not to be fodder for a beast. as can be the case in these movies, the demon stands on the sidelines while the story develops as summer attempts to remember how everything came to pass, while befriending jason who wishes to help her restore the lost time. the action is shot mostly in the dark, making any violence hard to decipher. brigitte kingsley(and the rest of the female cast for that matter), is some mighty nice eye candy, dressed scantily clad as a female conan, a gorgeous body we have to pleasure to gaze upon from the moment she appears until the closing of the movie. some lesbianism(..some kissing and fondling)and nudity spice things up nicely, and the cast seem to be having fun with the goofy plot..it's so preposterous that the silly tone is probably appropriate for the material.might be of interest for co-starring world wrestling entertainment's "captain courageous" christian(real name, jason reso)as one of the group, spoofing his alter ego, as a chicken, quivering at the sound of a snapping tree twig. landy cannon is likable as unlikely hero, jason, a lovestruck, naive young man whose ex-fiancé, jasmine(vanessa james)is now bi-sexual and in love with marlene(..jasmine's cruelty is in toying with jason's feelings by hiding her affair with marlene from his knowledge), while ricky and renea attempt to steer him away from this idea that he can rekindle a dead flame that gone out, never to ignite again. the kelippoth demon is mostly darkly lit, i guess to refrain from showing how ludicrous/laughable it looks if presented in full. the lesbian antics of jasmine and marlene(haley shannon) is mostly tame, their love making, once alone in the woods up against a tree, is toned down and also lighted using the blackness of night. my rating is a bit favorable towards it, almost solely because of kingsley, for purely superficial reasons, rather than the plot or film-making. the movie aims to please and is marketed to the boys(and girls who love hot women). i think, though, for the most part, the humor falls a bit flat.

dark rising is your typical bad, obviously quickly produced horror/sci-fi/fantasy movie. it has a strange, unexplained plot with holes so big you could fit an elephant through them. most of the time i didn't know what the hell was going on but it didn't really matter, it was a simple demon hunter returns from hell dimension to save campers story with confusing stuff added on about witches and a book of evil with plot elements and characters who make no sense or disappear totally for no reason. the acting is bad but there honestly is not much they can do with this script i am guessing. there is a couple topless scenes which is probably the only reason this bad movie got made (like so many other bad movies). give this one a pass unless there is nothing else on t.v.

when i first tuned in on this morning news, i thought, "wow, finally, some entertainment." it was slightly amusing for a week or so... but we have to face it, these news reporters (if one can even call them that) have way too much "playing around" time.at first, i thought jillian was a breathe of fresh air. but seriously, this woman has got not the least bit of journalist in her. she is very unprofessional. she keeps on interrupting steve when he starts informing the viewers about a certain news report. it's just really become annoying to the point that i can't watch it anymore.jillian is not a good journalist. hell, she's more of a celebrity who loves being a celebrity. hence, she instantly transforms into a celebrity around celebrities whom she's supposed to be interviewing. she's not very professional and quite possibly perceives her relationship with celebrities more important than being a rightfully insatiable journalist- and that's all i can say about her.also (disappointingly), this show has more entertainment news than necessary news reports about the world, the government, the us, or something that will benefit and/or serve the public's best interest. they're too focus on sensationalism that everything they talk about comes off as a commercial product. on the other hand, their field reporters are interestingly tolerable...i believe "good day la" is for young teenagers and celebrities, and it is definitely not for people who actually care about the news.side note: (i'd really rather watch ktla. however, they try so hard to be entertaining sometimes. they're still a bit dull though. oh well, i'll stick to nbc's "today." abc's "good morning america" is also okay... as long as diane sawyer doesn't become way too serious.)

i had to stop watching this film (a pseudo-intellectual product for pretentious film viewers) twenty minutes into it because it was mediocre and dull enough to inspire yawns, not to mention that i was soon near tears over the $3.99 i had wasted at blockbuster. joanna pacula's acting and her awfully rendered slavic accent are sufficiently terrible to set one to gritting one's teeth. i knew that two hours of her would be two hours too many. both breuer and nietzsche are played by unremarkable actors of strikingly few talents. while we're on the topic of talent, breuer's supercilious assistant appears to have been pulled out of a local acting troupe. she clearly has not learned her craft. in fact, she's really quite awful. all the public scenes looked staged, with the extras walking mechanically about in their sunday best. turning this film off was far more satisfying than turning it on. don't rent this terrible movie. you will be sorry you spent your money.

my comments on this movie have been deleted twice, which i find pretty offending, since i am making an effort to judge this movie for other people. please be tolerant of other people's opinion. obviously writing in the spirit of nietzsches works is not understood, so ill change my comment completely.i think this is a really bad movie for several reasons.subject: one should be very careful in making a movie about a philosopher that is even today not understood by the masses and amongst peers brings out passionate discussions. one thing philosophers do agree on is that nietzsche was a great thinker. so making a movie about his life, which obviously includes his 'ideas' is a thing one should be extremely careful with, or preferably, don't do at all. wisdom starts with knowing what you don't know. one might think this is not a review of the movie itself, but the movie is not about an imaginary character, it is about the life of someone who actually lived and had/has great influence on the world of yesterday, today and tomorrow. if someone tells a story about a tomato, i can express my thoughts about the story itself, but also about the chosen subject, the tomato. there is a responsibility for producers when they make a movie about actual facts. specially in a case like this and this responsibility was not taken.screenplay: one of the first things i noticed were the ridiculous accents. why? it distracts from what it should be about; nietzsche and the truths he found. it doesn't help putting things in a right geographical perspective or time! come on, make it proper english or better yet; german! even mel gibson got that part right... letting his characters speak some gibberish aramaic in the passion.secondly, it is well over-acted.3d, assante is not an actor to depict nietzsche. bad casting.4th, facts are way off.and so on. its a waste of celluloid.

i rented this dvd having seen it while looking for something else. when i saw the title on the jacket i couldn't believe my eyes. i read yalom's book about a year ago and loved it, in fact admire yalom's work in general. (i am a clinical psychologist.) i have watched perhaps 30 minutes of this movie and have had to turn it off. i'm not sure if i can take much more. at a superficial level, the faux accents, as others have commented, are simply distracting at best and irritating and vapid at worst. the acting is dull when it should be passionate and comical when it should be serious. the portrayal of lou salome is simply flippant, and the brilliant freud comes off as little more than a schoolboy. i see very little of the book's spirit conveyed thus far. i had hoped to be able to recommend this film to my students. instead, i will refer them to the book. imagine that.

the prerequisite for making such a film is a complete ignorance of nietzche's work and personality, psychoanalytical techniques and vienna's history. take a well-know genius you have not read, describe him as demented, include crazy physicians to cure him, a couple of somewhat good looking women, have his role played by an actor with an enormous mustache, have every character speak with the strongest accent, show ridiculous dreams, include another prestigious figure who has nothing to do with the first one (freud), mention a few words used in the genius' works, overdo everything you can, particularly music, and you are done. audience, please stay away.

...thankfully he hasn't, yet! this is crude, simplistic student politics made into drama. it needs the viewer to buy into a series of conceits. conceit 1: that a british electorate could be swung from being basically right of centre to being overwhelmingly far left. conceit 2: that all debate in the media and the general public is unanimously ended and that the new prime minister's only critics are sinister civil servants, mi5, big business and the americans (naturally). conceit 3: that this radical socialist pm can solve all union, economic and social problems with consummate ease in a way that unites the nation. conceit 4: that severing all ties with the us and nato is a good thing. conceit 5: that the soviet union isn't a brutal and oppressive regime and that we should have had closer times with them back in the 80's. and finally, conceit 6: that the reactionary forces of the us would actively seek to launch a coup d'etat against britain.it's ludicrous and the show only gained the reputation that it did by trying to cash in on some anti-thatcher feeling in the country and having left wing tv critics singing its praises. when it was made, television was still a hugely popular and influential medium with shows getting huge ratings so a widely talked about drama with a hint of controversy had a good chance of getting a big audience. ray mcinally's performance was great, which is one of the few plus points. history and time has shown the huge weakness in the premise and plot of this show.

i first saw this when it was picked as a suggestion from my tivo system. i like danny elfman and thought it might be interesting. on top of that, i'm a fan of max fleischer's work, and this started out with the look and feel of his 30s cartoon. with both of those, i thought it would hold my interest. i was wrong. just a few minutes in, and i had the fast forward button down. i ran through it in about 15 minutes, and thought that was it.afterwards, i read some of the other reviews here and figured i didn't give it enough of a chance. i recorded it again and watched it through. there's 75 minutes of my life i'm not getting back.i can't believe there aren't more bad reviews. personally, i think it's because it's hard to get to the 10 line comment minimum. how many ways are there to say this is a waste of time?the movie comes across as though it was made by a few junior high kids ready to outrage the world and thinking they can with breasts, profanity, and puke jokes. the characters are flat. the parody of "swinging the alphabet" is lame, essentially cobbling the tune, getting through a - e, hitting the obvious profanity a "f", and then having no idea where to go. the trip through the intestines to the expected landing doesn't work the first time, let alone the following ones. across the board, the entire movie is what you would expect from someone trying to "out-south park" stone and parker without the ability to determine what is and isn't funny. this might be amusing if you're high. otherwise, it's not.

...but this has to be the worst a christmas carol adaptation of all time. and that takes some doing, what with the likes of various lifetime efforts. don't get me wrong--i have nothing against cicely tyson. i've enjoyed her tremendously in other roles (look at sipsey in fried green tomatoes, for example). but the script gives her no option but to chew the scenery. and chew it she does, with all the enthusiasm of tiny tim tying into a christmas goose.give me the classics anytime: alastair sim, 1951. with the exception maybe of scrooged, all the others are just over-the-top efforts to grasp the past, present, or future spirit of christmas.

the premise of an african-american female scrooge in the modern, struggling city was inspired, but nothing else in this film is. here, ms. scrooge is a miserly banker who takes advantage of the employees and customers in the largely poor and black neighborhood it inhabits. there is no doubt about the good intentions of the people involved. part of the problem is that story's roots don't translate well into the urban setting of this film, and the script fails to make the update work. also, the constant message about sharing and giving is repeated so endlessly, the audience becomes tired of it well before the movie reaches its familiar end. this is a message film that doesn't know when to quit. in the title role, the talented cicely tyson gives an overly uptight performance, and at times lines are difficult to understand. the charles dickens novel has been adapted so many times, it's a struggle to adapt it in a way that makes it fresh and relevant, in spite of its very relevant message.

two old men sitting on a park bench . i don`t really have a problem with this scene - only problem is that it`s not a scene it`s the entire movieyup movies don`t get anymore low concept than this . they also don`t get anymore boring than this either , but there`s worse to come because these two old men are chalk and cheese . one is nat moyer who is yiddish communist while the other is midge carter a former golden gloves champion who`s also black . let me see now , a jew and a black man sitting on a park bench getting along fine . well i guess it`s possible though unlikely , but if this film has such an inoffensive scenario why play up to the jewish stereotype ? why make them loud tribilistic rabble rousers who take hebrew oaths ? slightly ironic that the jews seen at the start of the movie are exactly the type of jews seen in nazi propaganda films in the 1930sstereotypes aside moi dearz the problem with i`m not rappaport is that it`s written for an entirely different meduim than cinema , it`s based on a stage play and it shows . walter matthau sleepwalks through his role as nat while this commentator almost slept through the whole movie

much like orson welles thirty years earlier,mike sarne was given "the biggest train set in the world"to play with,but unfortunately lacked the ability to do anything more than watch his train set become a train wreck that is still spoken of with shock and a strange sort of awe. despite post - modern interpretations purporting somehow to see it as a gay or even feminist tract,the fact of the matter is that it was a major disaster in 1970 and remains one today.how anyone given the resources at mr sarne's disposal could have screwed up so royally remains a closely - guarded secret.only michael cimino ever came close with the political and artistic armageddon that constitutes "heaven's gate".both films appeared to be ego trips for their respective directors but at least mr cimino had made one of the great movies of the 1970s before squandering the studio's largesse,whereas mr sarne had only the rather fey "joanna" in his locker. furthermore,"heaven's gate" could boast some memorable and well - handled set - pieces where,tragically,"myra breckinridge"s cupboard was bare. simply put,it is overwhelmingly the worst example of biting the hand that feeds in the history of hollywood.

it was a disappointment to see this dvd after so many years. for me the main problem's the uneven script.while some of it is witty and hip, quite a bit of it is dull, unfunny and lifeless. many of the gags just sit there, lacking spark and energy.of the cast, mae west and rachel welch come over well. roger herren in the role of rusty shines (too bad he didn't make more films). but for my money, there's just too much of john huston, and poor rex reed isn't hardly given a fighting chance. his character seems relegated to skim around on the sidelines, wondering what he's doing in this film.the low user rating should give an idea as to the public's opinion of this piece. vidal's original provided much potential that was pretty much wasted. not even the 'classic' film clips did much. all in all a rather sub par effort, and it's not likely to get much better with time.

i never much liked the myra movie, tho i appreciate how it pushed the hollywood envelope at the time. certainly miss welch's costume became an iconic image, though i have to wonder if many people who recognize the image really saw the film and know what it was all about -i rewatched myra on fmc a couple of years ago and didn't think it had aged any better thru the years. there's a segment about it in the sexploitation cinema cartoon history comic books, where it's given proper credit for putting such big stars in what was then an outrageous production. however, imho, the movie is too bitter to be charming, too silly to be a turn-on, and so busy trying to shock that it fails to inform, engage, or entertain ---

following the release of cube 2: hypercube (2003), and playing off the alleged success of the original cube (1998), director ernie barbarash takes the liberty of bringing us the third installment in the trilogy, the prequel cube zero.deep in the bowels of a giant and faceless institution, time and place unknown, two low-ranking operators, wynn (zachary bennett) and dodd (david huband) sit and observe on monitors the behavior of people that have been placed in a giant network of cubic chambers, some of which are rigged with death traps. told that the people they are observing are convicted felons who chose this horrific and deadly ordeal over a lethal injection, these observers have had no problem with their jobs until wynn, a mathematical genius, discovers that one of the prisoners, a woman named cassandra (stephanie moore) never agreed to be put inside the cube. suddenly it's realized that perhaps their "jobs" are not what they seem, and that they may be part of something deeply sick and twisted...for people that have seen and enjoyed the original cube, this prequel will probably not be to your liking. it's not that the story does not have potential; it's simply that the first cube film never needed to be expanded on. standing alone, it is a neat little psychological thriller with very interesting concepts and a certainty about its own message. it was also nicely self-contained. the problem with cube zero is that it destroys some of the mystique of the original, attempting to answer questions with more questions but only really resulting in making a mess of what never needed fixing.what this new film has to offer, which is questions about the psychological nature of authoritarianism and the banality of evil, certainly are good questions to be raised, but probably should have been done so on their own merits, rather than as a continuation of a film that had no such aspirations.having said this, the other traits of the film, such as acting and direction and writing, are not awful. there is a bleak, dark look to the film akin to such film noir as 'the matrix' and 'dark city', and they have certainly managed to recapture the claustrophobic feeling of the first cube. unfortunately for barbarash, these are not enough positive qualities to save it.

the main question i pose concerning this film is, how do you film a cole porter musical and only use 3 of his 15 songs! merman and lahr played the lead roles on broadway, here they are replaced by the weaker red skelton and lucille ball. plot changes abound and the fun is lost.skip it.

really, it's nothing much. i only recommend watching it if; 1.) you're a big fan of any of the main stars. 2.) if you really want to check out the first time lucille ball was seen with red hair.4 out of 10 stars

this movie, i won't call it a "film," was basically about nothing and functioned mostly for the popular acts of the time. yeah the war was on full swing (pun intended), and this movie gave the troops and our audiences a treat.but let's have something with a bit more substance.loved seeing a young buddy rich on the drums. the music was good throughout.but one cameo after another gets old fast.i didn't even recognize zero mostel! so if you're one from the "greatest generation," as they say, you'll definitely enjoy this...movie.

...said a couple exiting the movie theater just as i was entering to watch this. hmm, not a good sign, but who knows? different strokes for different folks, after all. well, nope. they were being kind. godard has released work that is passionate (contempt), entertaining (band of outsiders), sometimes both (my life to live). this is just dull intellectualism, that grates on the nerves pretty quickly. during my showing, literally half of the audience had walked out by the end of the film. if only i had been so wise.

i made the big mistake of actually watching this whole movie a few nights ago. god i'm still trying to recover. this movie does not even deserve a 1.4 average. imdb needs to have 0 vote ratings possible for movies that really deserve it like this one. a 1.4 is too high.i had heard how awful this movie was, but i really did not think a movie could actually be that bad, especially in this day and era. i figured all of the cheesy god awful movies were only from the 1950s and 1960s. my god was i wrong. trust me folks, this movie really is that bad. it is beyond horrible; it is beyond pathetic; it is beyond any type of word that i can think of for it. battlefield earth looks like best picture of the year compared to this movie. snake island (which up until now was the worst movie i'd ever seen) looks like it deserves a few oscars compared to this pathetic effort.i seriously can not believe that the makers of this movie thought this was a legitimate serious effort of producing a hollywood movie. this has no business being called a movie. in the first 25 seconds of the film, i seriously thought i was watching some high school theater class attempting to make a short movie. or better yet, i thought it was some saturday night live ripoff skit of the real thing. i mean, it looks exactly like that. the acting is horrible; the whole movie almost looks like it was shot with a 20 year old vhs video camera. the special effects.......well good lord bewitched from back in the day had better special effects than this movie. the scene where he gets shot at the door is beyond laughable and beyond cheesy. i mean seriously, my intro to acting class from 4 years ago in college, all of us could have put together a better movie than this. and the worst part of the entire movie, where arthur is naked in the bathroom. oh my god i almost thew up right there. i have a strong stomach, but wow that was horrible. some people should never be naked, and he's one of them. the plot of this movie just seems to go absolutely nowhere. they talk about legal issues that we never hear about again; ben talks about getting into music that we never hear about again; arthur says he is looking for a job and money for college and the next thing we see is he's running a porn shop. everything about the movie is just horrible.this really doesn't have much to do with my critique, but just so everyone knows, i am not a gay man. i do however support gay rights and believe we should all be treated as equals. and i would support any gay person in my church, unlike the cruel priest in this movie, who by the way seems to cuss every other word. (where is the f*(#*ing white out?) hahaha but i didn't want anyone to think i hated this movie just because of it being about two gay guys. it has nothing to do with that: this would have been just as horrible of a movie if it was ben & jill instead of ben & arthur.i just watched this movie to see if it really was as bad as they say. and yes it was even worse than i had read. let this be a warning to everyone: only watch this movie if you want to just sit back and laugh at how pathetic some movies in the 21st century can still be. if you watch this movie and are actually expecting a good movie or some entertainment, i have no sympathy for you whatsoever.on a final thought: how in the world are there 7 movies ranked below this on imdb? there is no way there are 7 movies out there that are worse than this!

holy crap this movie was bad. i watched it just as a joke. it isn't even so bad that it's good in an unintentional way. this film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry. it worked really well at doing that. it's as if the people who made this just took all of the really annoying stuff about the movie priest, added in a bunch of ugly dudes, took out anything interesting, funny, or even remotely sexy and clever out of the concoction, and then added in a bunch of old rotten cheese. that's all this is. cheese. there isn't a single person this film could possibly connect to. there isn't any universe this film could possibly take place in. why can't a film like this just be about enjoying life and being happy? why did they have to make this already stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous than it already is? why couldn't they at least even tried to make it an okay film, or even a b-movie. now that i think of it, what they hell were they trying to do with this film? i watched it expecting a campy love story and instead i got some boring student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying christian brother tried to destroy it all!!! no, i'm not joking. that's what it's about. does that sound good? this film is pretty ignorant against people of the christan religion, with it's stereotyping of all christians being loudmouthed, rude, and hellbent on making as many people as miserable as possible. a lot of christian people i know would never speak or act like these freaks. the film, however, is just as unfair and ignorant to the gay community as well. these have got to be the most tastelessly crafted stereotypical gay men since the guy on the radio station on that roadkill video game. it's so nerve wracking and simply irritating to the point that i wasn't able to fully pay attention to this film. the makers of this train-wreck had no strategy for set design, acting, camera angles, lighting, script, authenticity, or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting. there isn't even a single sex scene, or at least not a believable one. jamie brett gabel was the only guy in the film that looked any good at all, but his good looks were sadly put to waste. this is trash. in a perfect world, this film would get voted a 0.0. it's worth 0 as a film alone. a mentally handicapped nun who is blind, deaf, and has tiny little bones for arms and legs and whose face is located on her armpit could write, direct, and produce a better film, and she'd probably be a better actor as well. the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word "film" itself. this film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format. i could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a mini x-mas tree and then record that and i've already made a film that will always be better than ben & arthur by at least half. there are only two things worse than death. torture and watching ben & arthur. i'm a homosexual and i will probably be the gayest person you will ever meet if you ever met me, and i don't think i've ever been more offended by an entire film than i was by the first five seconds of this film alone. if this movie was a mistake, i will personally find a way to change the famous phrase "it's okay to make mistakes" to "it's okay to make mistakes unless that mistake was ben & arthur." you know how people always say things like, "good things come out of everything!"? i think that ben & arthur was primarily invented so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out of. to call this movie the worst movie i've ever seen would be giving it way too much credit. it's as if this film were designed just so that it could qualify in a category of it's very own. there are good movies, there are bad movies, and then there's ben & arthur. this is ben and arthur.

intrigued by the synopsis (every gay video these days has a hunk on the cover; this is not necessarily to be construed as a good sign) i purchased ben and arthur without knowing a thing about it. this is my second (and i assure you it will be my last) purchase of a culture q connection video. as far as i am concerned, this dvd is nothing but a blatant rip-off. i do not make this observation lightly  i am a major collector of videos, gay and mainstream, and i can state with some authority and without hesitation that ben and arthur is quite simply the worst film i have ever sat through in my life. period. my collection boasts over 1,600 films (93% on them on dvd) and of those, well over 300 are gay and lesbian themed. i hardly own every gay movie ever made, but i am comfortable in stating that i pretty much purchase almost every gay video of interest that gets released, and very often i buy videos without knowing anything about the film. sometimes, this makes for a pleasant surprise - aimee & jaguar, it's in the water, urbania and normal are all examples of excellent gay titles that i stumbled upon accidentally. so when i read on the box that ben and arthur concerned a conflict between gay lovers and the christian right, one of my favorite subjects, i decided to take the plunge sight unseen, despite my previously disappointing purchase of another culture q connection title, visions of sugar plums. that film was pretty bad, but compared to ben and arthur, it viewed like gone with the wind. so what was so wrong with ben and arthur? plenty! to begin with, the "plot" such as it was, was totally ridiculous. this film almost made me sympathetic to the christian right  we are asked to believe not only that a church would expel a member because his brother is gay, but that a priest would actually set up a mob style execution of a gay couple in order to save their souls (like this even makes sense). the writing is so poor that many scenes make no sense at all, and several plot points reflect no logic, follow-up or connection to the story. murder and violence seem to be acceptable ends to the gay activist / right wing conflict on both sides, and the acting is so bad that it's difficult to imagine how anybody in this film got hired. the characters who are supposed to be straight are almost without exception clearly gay - and nelly stereotypes to boot; the gay characters are neither sexy nor interesting. this film is enough to put off anybody from buying gay themed videos forever, and the distributors should be ashamed of themselves. the only advantage this picture has over my other culture q connection purchase, visions of sugarplams, is that this one has a soundtrack with clear dialogue. hardly a distinction, since the script is so insipid that understanding the script only serves to make you more aware of how bad this film truly is. it is an embarrassment to queer culture, and i intend to warn everyone i possibly can before they waste their money on it. at $9.95 this film would have been way overpriced; i understand that it's soon to be re-priced under $20, which is still highway robbery. i paid the original price of $29.95, and i never felt more cheated in my life. the only true laugh connected with this drivel is the reviews  i have seen "user reviews" for this film on numerous websites, and there is always one or two that "praise" the director / writer / actor in such a way that it's obvious that the reviewer is a friend of this ed wood wannabe. how sad. how desperate. i just wish imdb would allow you to assign zero stars - or even minus zero. if ever a film deserved it, this is it.

i have never posted a review before, but i had to do it for this film! this film is so bad, i found myself trying to justify how bad it is by trying to think of it as kitsch or parody. but it isn't. it is truly, un-self-consciously bad. this is a serious attempt that flops gloriously. other reviewers have pointed out the film's many flaws, so i'll try not to repeat these, but i do urge you to see this film. throughout it i was either speechless, literally gasping with disbelief, or rolling on the floor in hysterics. i haven't had so much fun watching a film in years. in fact, i'm going to try to get all my friends to see it because it's the kind of movie that needs to be shared.my favorite parts: -- when arthur auditions to be a go-go boy (his dancing is unbelievable) -- the gratuitous nudity (the director/leading actor just had to get a nude shot in) -- the preacher's office with its cardboard and crayon rendition of christ -- of course, the famous wedding scene with the palm trees and the forgotten rings (what narrative function does this play?!?) -- the ex-wife's wrestling match with ben to get possession of her gun -- the detailed sequence wherein arthur kills the preacher; he apparently burns him up with this incredibly measly match -- yes, the gay religious-fanatic brother with his bleached hair and weho fashions -- and, my favorite, the use of joplin's "the entertainer" as the opening soundtrack and "pachebel's canon in d major" as the closing soundtrack! -- the list goes on and on -- a must see!!!

the. worst. film. ever. made.after watching this supposedly gay made film, i suspect someone rounded up a brain damaged half blind neo-nazi and had him make the worst gay film ever, all in some deluded attempt to attack gay culture. i had to stop the movie and call a friend to come over just so i had someone to scoff at when i paused the movie out of shock, disbelief and outrage at such sheer stupidity.on top of all the horrible writing and acting and illogical and stupid plot, its just a poorly made film. a dog with a handycam tied to its tail could have churned out better.seriously, after reading the few positive reviews this movie has here, i suspect the writer must have a half a dozen imdb accounts. anyone who says this film is even watchable as anything other than a joke, is a liar or being paid heavily to say so.

this film was the worst film i have ever viewed. it was like a "homework assignment" for a film class. it totally misses the mark when it comes to the "message" it is trying to relay. characters are over exaggerated, poor acting and as for a plot...well it is utterly ridiculous. the cover shot is what made me think it may be a decent film, the co-actor is handsome and that's about it. moral of this movie: never judge a movie by it's cover! save your time, money and energy and make your own home movie and you will be far better off than i. it was painful to watch and quite frankly i am surprised that anyone would spend money to make and distribute it!

ben & arthur could have been a 10. sam mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. sam should have given his idea to a good writer, director, and left the acting to somebody who could act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, "sam this is bad, really bad".jamie brett gabel's acting was the only good point, but he could have been so much better with a good director, and better actors to work with. this movie is so bad i think sam mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so bad, this movie was turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the wrong places. a second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date!

there are some movies you just know they are going to be bad from frame one. even if you were totally oblivious of ed wood's work, one look at that commentator from "plan 9 from outer space" and you just know you are not gonna see the next cinematic masterpiece. just like that, when i saw the first shot of uwe bolls masterpiece "house of dead", with that guy sitting at the front of the house starting his introduction while trying desperately to sound like he just arrived from sin city, i knew i'm in for a helluva ride.so, the movie starts like this - first the lead character says that everybody else is going to die. you know, to keep you wandering. then he starts introducing the rest of the characters with lines like "karma..thinks she's foxy brown" or "alicia..my ex.. we broke up recently.. i had to study and she had to fence". no, i'm not kidding.anyway, this bunch of 20-somethings who couldn't act their way out of a wet paper-bag are going to the "rave of the century", rave in question being a few tents, a port-a-potty and a shoddy stage located on small island in the middle of the pacific. our gang missed the ferry, but thankfully will find a way to get there, the way being a fisher-boat ran by kirk (cpt kirk? get it? man, whoever wrote this script is a genius) and his sidekick who is a bastard child of simpsons' cpt mcallister and that hook killer who knows what you did last summer.to make the long story short, the gang gets to the island, finds nobody there except some bloody t-shirts and then decide to run the hell away from there. no wait, they do not, they actually get all happy and like cos there's free booze.with that scene the movie hits rock bottom and then against all odds proceeds to go further downhill. some guys in rubber suits start running around, there is some screaming and shooting, our gang goes to some house to meet some other gang, they go out of the house, meet cpt kirk and some police woman (who between them have about 500 pounds of weapons) and then decide to go back to the house. somewhere along the line they transform into a s.w.a.t. team, enter the matrix, the rubber-suit guys start multiplying like bacteria and i start to cry because i actually paid to see this. to add insult to the injury, every few minutes there are shots from the video game this crap is based on and there is a cute game-over cut-scene for a few characters when they die.i seriously hate this movie. it doesn't even fit in that famed "so bad it's good" category. it's just plain bad. the script is bad, the zombies are awful, there is no tension, lines are bad, actors are bad.. the list just goes on.you will probably want to see this movie just because of its reputation of being awful. don't. there are bad movies that deserve to be watched. this is not one of them.

there are people out there who will greenlight anything! that is the only explanation i can offer as to why the house of the dead movie exists. and that's only scary part to the whole movie. it's so bad you'll go off movies forever. i seriously wanted to switch this off and turn the tv over to the paint drying channel but i was bound by my word to suffer the whole thing. i don't know why i do these bad things to myself.as if it matters, here's the basic jist of the 'story'. a group of twenty-somethings are so desperate to go out to some island in the pacific northwest (canada actually, because it's cheap) for the 'rave of the century' (which consists of about 8 people and un-raving music) that they pay some craggy old fisherman $1000 to take them there after they miss the main ferry. that's gotta be some rave to be worth all that dough! the fisherman warns them that the island is also known as the island of the dead (hang on-i thought this was house of the dead?) and that they are all doomed yadda yadda yadda.first faults here. why would a tiny little rave (of the century my foot!) be held on some remote island? why would anyone willingly pay loads of money to get it? why pay even more to the craggy old fisherman to take them back when they could just come back with the others?once they arrive they discover that the rave (which consists of about 2 tents, a small stage and a port-a-john) has been smashed, there's blood everywhere and no one is around. what would any rationally thinking person do? run for their lives of course. but no, these clueless, obviously blind people decide to go look for them. soon enough they discover an old ramshackle house that's 50 times as big on the inside as it is on the outside. another half hour of stumbling around in the forest follows, as an excuse to kill of some of the lesser characters, and after much tedium they arrive back at the house again. the characters, like the movie, go nowhere.jammed into this ghastly disaster is a superabundance of gibberish dialogue, heinous acting, mumbo-jumbo exposition and zillions of clips from the once-popular arcade game of the same name. why this was universally accepted as a good idea with the filmmakers i'll never know. the clips have no reference to any of the scenes and only degrade this trash even further, if that is at all possible.it has nothing to do with the game save for some cheap, throwaway line at the end. it makes resident evil look like cinematic glory. hell, even the double dragon movie seems multi-oscar worthy in comparison to this junk. the only one who comes out of this with his dignity still intact is jurgen prochnow. he could have just taken his money and ran but he tries his best with the awful script and brings a tiny bit of pathos to his character. the rest of the cast suck i'm afraid. the characters are idiots and deserve to die.plus, if you cut out the swearing and pointless nudity, i see no reason why this film cannot be shown on saturday morning tv. it's not frightening in the slightest. pirates of the caribbean is more scary than the skeletal bad guys in this film. and where did all those bad guys come from anyway? there were only a few people on the island to begin with. i guess this justifies the reason they chose to reuse footage over and over. i kid you not, you'll see the same zombie die a dozen times.who's ultimately to blame for that scandalous waste of celluloid? none other than director uwe boll. his control over the movie is non-existent. you can clearly the see actors have no idea what they should be doing and that the zombies aren't really taking it all seriously. the actors seem like they're reading off cue cards as they constantly pause in the middle of long sentences and carry on talking as soon as they see the next card. it all feels very unnatural.plus the film is shot like a two-part mini-series. i have indeed seen better tv productions. and don't get me started on the editing. the film is an incoherent babble with thousands upon thousands of pointless shots and dozens of meaningless camera pans. no real skill or talent was put into making this at all. it truly baffles and boggles the mind how movies this unfathomably bad can get made and george a. romero can't even get anyone to take his calls. house of the dead makes some idiotic reference to romero in a lazy attempt to be 'post-modern' but it only irritates that they think this is in the same league as a real zombie movie.for what it's worth, the 1.85:1 anamorphic picture looks great and the dolby 5.1 soundtrack is clean but very unimpressive and only serves to pronounce the heavily over-used adr even more. the dvd comes with extras but why torture yourself. isn't this review warning enough? stay away! you are all doomed i tell you! doomed! doomed!!!

checking the spoiler alert just in case.perhaps one of the most horrendous movies i have ever seen, mazes and monsters felt like i wasted 101 minutes of my life. the only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious, but just ended up being funny since they were so bad. evil dead anyone? unfortunately for m&m (fortunately for us) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy. this movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character, robbie (played by hanks) encountered throughout the film. it ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the d&d is the devil movement in the 80s.if you want to avoid wasting your time and money, steer clear of this junk.p.s. - even though the cover looks kinda interesting, which is why i guess my brother bought it, it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm, unless you consider new england or new york city to be such a place.

okay, the film festival crowd probably loved it. but your average, popcorn munching movie goer who has scraped to-gether the ten or fifteen bucks it costs to see a movie these days will probably wonder why he or she made this choice. if it's stamped "copolla" it's automatically great stuff, right? wrong! it's a neat spoof of filmdom's pretensions. but it's terribly "in." i worry when film makers are more concerned about entertaining themselves rather than the public. it's interesting as a cinematic curio and it does have a chuckle or two in it. but once it's run its course in the movies and on tv, the dust will grow thick on the film cans and tape boxes holding it. hardly either epochal or an epic!

cq was the worst film i saw this year. nearly every film i choose to see in the theater is at least entertaining or has something to say. this film looked like like it was directed by a film student for his intro. to filmmaking class. his father makes great films. his sister made a good one. but brother roman? no! one critic had the audacity to compare this film to godard's le mépris (contempt). while coppola, jr. did take the same idea, a film about film, he tried too hard to make himself seem european, artsy, and witty, when it's all really just kitsch. the lead actor carries the same expression through the whole film, like he's either in awe or in shock of this film being made around him. schwartzman somehow manages to pull off his role as a flamboyant director. depardieu is alright. the one scene that has any real film spoof humor at all is, surprisingly, not the b-movie scenes, but rather one which takes place in italy; a montage of shots of several various characters inside a very small car, driving around picking up and dropping off random people. this was the only thing that reminded me of the cinema i am guessing he was trying to spoof. or rip-off. or both. the documentary with the lead talking into the camera and filming various objects has been played out, the ending was tagged on for the sake of a "twist" or artistic value... i suppose the funniest thing about this film was the film itself, and not in the way it intended. no wonder this film was sent back after a festival screening to be re-edited or re-shot or whatever, which makes me curious as to just how bad it was before. i can't believe it could have been worse than this. if you want to see a good parody of film check out the austin powers films. any of them. the opening to the third is more entertaining and more genius than this entire film. lil' romy, for the sake of cinema, please go back to directing your cousin's music videos. leave the godfathers to daddy.

cq is incredibly slow, and i'm a david mamet fan. the movie follows around a young filmmaker who is making a very barbarella-esque film. after that the movie started to lose me. deep and profound? not really. the movie "dragonfly" being made in cq has the problem of having no ending. this greatly parallels cq, which also lacks an ending (in my opinion).i was lucky enough to catch this movie at the sxsw film festival. i had fairly high expectations having just watched y tu mama tambien and several other great movies. i was also looking forward to jason schwartzman's performance. but it was not an easy film to get into. if you're not into 60's sci-fi or slow movies that go no where, skip it.cq feels like a student film. if you want a recent sci-fi-esque indie film rent donnie darko, it won't put you to sleep.

this is a movie about making a movie. such movies may be entertaining, but they need some substance, to do so. it did not happen here, i am afraid. mr coppola did not inherit his father's skills, unfortunately (neither did his sister, who can however make movies which one might watch).i do wonder how this movie came to get such rave reviews. let's see: the lead male actor, supposedly a director, is as expressive as a frozen squid and his voice has the same pitch whatever he says, the lead female actress has an expression on her face that never changes, the plot is totally segmented in bits with perhaps one single connecting element, the movie within the movie idea must be more stale than paleolithic rocks... would that be enough?i regretted every single moment i watched this movie. a walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie. it's as if a françois truffaut plot were directed by dick cheney...brazil, some other classic sf movies? you must be really joking...

i should qualify that title, now that i think about it. checkout is not entirely worthless. i've had the opportunity to see it twice, and on the second time i did get a great laugh at the movie's expense. so i guess it's worth something for that. and also it's worthwhile for the excruciating pain it caused me on my first viewing. as another reviewer pointed out, this film is hackneyed in every sense of the word. not a single original thought went into this movie (which makes the comment below about the originality of the premise entirely baffling to me). the film is nothing but a long line of cliches which are strung together and paraded around as a movie. it is definitely not the next clerks, it is definitely not original, and it is absolutely not "good, clean fun." the film is absolute agony to the uninitiated (after seeing it a first time, the second time can be quite funny, in an insulting sort of way). as i looked around the theater, it was obvious that nearly everyone, barring perhaps the elderly, were completely bored or pained by this movie. during some of the particularly emotional scenes, like where nick chews out his mother, the audience was actually cringing because it was so poorly done. i even heard someone *groan* in the theater, something i had heretofore never witnessed. i don't care where you have the chance to see this movie, be it at a film festival, or in a indie theater, or wherever. do yourself a favor, skip this movie with a vengeance. unless you're like me and just can't resist the opportunity to see what may truly be the worst movie ever made.

i went in to this movie thinking it was going to be the next clerks, but left feeling let down. the humor was weak and the characters fairly flat. that isn't to say it was all bad, the idea of the dating service in the grocery store seemed like pretty fertile material, but the director switched focus to the cliche'd "save the mom-and-pop store from the evil corporation guy". i felt like if he would have just stuck with the dating service plot, he would have come out with a much more memorable movie. now, to do the film justice, i am from the rochester area and loved the way he portrayed webster. in fact, the best kevin smith (of clerks) homage here was giving props to his hometown. webster, ny is to checkout what red bank, nj is to clerks. the director wisely threw in a date at nick tahou's. trust me, as far as things to do in rochester, a garbage plate is at the top of the list. i was lucky enough to see this film at the little in rochester so everybody knew when the odes to the town came up and appreciated them.

maximally manipulative anabel sims (betsy drake) sets out to trap her ideal man, aided by her co-worker, julie. esteemed pediatrician madison brown (cary grant) goes from bemused to betrothed in the space of 90 minutes on film, but to the viewer it's all eternity. can a movie receive less than one star? this one is a prime candidate.

i always found betsy drake rather creepy, and this movie reinforces that. as another review said, this is a stalker movie that isn't very funny. i watched it because it has cg in it, but he hardly gets any screen time. it's no "north by northwest"...

remade today, this film would be a very creepy, very disturbing dark comedy. stalking, obsession, and a web of lies and manipulations are given a 1948 gloss of aren't-they-cute harmlessness. drake plays the stalker, an unabashed user of people, alternately pathetic and manipulative, grant plays the stalking victim, alternately angry and oblivious.vastly disturbing; i haven't been able to look at classic romances with the same suspension of disbelief since.

this woman never stops talking throughout the movie. she memorized every line, and delivered all without a bit of natural emotion. she also has a most uncharming lisp, and the pitch of her voice sounds like nails on a blackboard. this film has way too much betsy drake, and not enough cary grant, who carried what little was left of the film entirely on his own.

best of the best 4, is better than 3, but just barely. basically, i say this because part 4 doesn't contradict parts 1/2 (like 3 does), (ie. their is no reference to tommy lee having siblings).anyway, i liked the russian plot line of the story, and especially sven ole-thorsen's bit part as boris. aside from that though and a few fighting scenes, the movie is nothing special. the limited budget is also very noticeable (especially in the airplane blow-up scene).also, part 4 does not really have a moral or say anything like part 3 did, there are a couple of more better known actors (hudson, thorsen) in part 4, but alas nothing like the beginning of the series (and even these characters have very small roles).alas, it seems best of the best is the rhee show, and to be truthful, he cannot carry a movie.saw on tape, rating:4

**spoilers** i rented "tesis" (or "thesis" in english) on the strength of director alejandro amenabar's later effort "the others". based on what a brilliantly measured and horrifyingly effective creepfest that film was, i assumed his earlier efforts would be of a similar quality and i was in the mood for some good horror. instead i wound up with the most tedious, preposterous excuse for a lame-brained slasher movie i've seen since the german film "anatomie" (which this one kinda reminded me of).the plot has potential but it's thrown away within the first 20 minutes. it revolves around innocent-n-pretty psychology student angela's (ana torrent - a jessica harper deadringer) thesis on the subject of violence in films. through some far-fetched circumstances too dumb to go into here, she winds up in possession of a 'snuff' tape on which two men torture, mutilate and kill a young girl for the camera. angela, and her horror-buff friend chema (fele martinez) are both shocked yet intrigued by the tape and decide to get to the bottom of who's responsible for it.this leads to... well, nothing.they never really give a reason for why they want to find the girl's killers (since they resolutely refuse to contact the police throughout any of the unfolding events, even when their own lives at risk) and the mystery itself is as limp as graham norton in a room full of bunny girls. there is only one proper 'clue' (the type of camera the killers used is discovered) and that's a) a really weak one and b) wheeled out in the first 20 minutes. the rest of the so-called 'unravelling' just occurs through blind luck, increasingly ridiculous plot twists and a slew of awful, transparent and thoroughly pointless red herrings that are chucked in merely to pad out the running time.seriously - amenabar might know his stuff about ghost stories but he's clearly never read a detective book in his life. the key to a good whodunnit is to have a large cluster of potential suspects and to eliminate them one by one with clever deduction and the gradual discovery of more and more evidence, before moving in for the final twist. in "tesis", *potential spoiler ahead* the killer's identity is guessed correctly by the amateur 'detectives' almost instantly and then we get 100 minutes of the writer trying feebly to throw us off the scent until he runs out of ideas, throws his hands up and says "ok, ya got me, it was him after all"! as for any kind of logic or motive behind the crimes - no such luck. you're watching the wrong movie if that's what you're after.the only thing that drags "tesis" down further from just being a dumb, badly written thriller is the way it actually tries to make some ludicrous, muddled-up 'point' about violence in films. i have no idea what stance it's attempting to take on the subject but it seems determined to cram in a ton of misguided, confused psychobabble, in between the rest of the gibberish, and say "look at me! i'm political!". the final scenes, in which the "point" of the movie is supposedly hammered home, are so utterly absurd and puerile, one can't help but wonder if amenabar feels embarrassed now when he watches this. if he doesn't, he certainly should. this is total 'amateur night at the slasher house' stuff.overall i can't believe i wasted two whole hours (it felt like at least six) on this, just hoping something might happen. the urban legend of 'snuff films' (and that is basically all they are, despite the way this film tries to suggest they're some kind of criminal phenomenon sweeping the world!) is an area that can be so tantalisingly exploited in good horror films ("videodrome" anyone?) but it's so easy to step over the line into childlike 'wouldn't it be cool if!' territory with it (ie: "my little eye")... "tesis" hits an all-time low for the 'snuff movie' genre. on every level, this one is better left dead and buried. i'll award it a 1 out of 10, for some nice lighting, but that's all it's getting.

when i saw the commercial for this, i was all about seeing it. now, forgive me, but it's been so long since i've seen it that i don't recall how it went. suffice it to say, the movie i saw bore no resemblance to the "movie" they sold me on.i was bored, annoyed, and incredibly disappointed by this movie. and if it wasn't bad enough, they had to sink it even further with that awful reggae music. not exactly mood-setting music for a horror movie, eh mon? i guess if you never saw the commercial (or trailer, i suppose) you may think this is some hot stuff. for my money, the commercial was way better.

a bunch of kids set up a theatre to have an all-night horror movie marathon. however, as the night goes on, there's somebody among them killing them off one by one. who is it...and why? i saw this in a theatre way back in 1991. i was looking forward to it--but boy! it did not work at all. the premise is a good one, they have a very appealing young cast and some pros like dee wallace stone on board...but it doesn't work. the story stops making sense halfway through (that could be because of some huge editing before the film was released), the killings are relatively bloodless (how this got an r rating is beyond me) and the unmasking of the killer at the end was boring and stupid.it's really too bad--this movie had potential. with a better script this could have become a great horror film. as it stands though it's mostly forgotten and the cast itself seems embarrassed by it (i heard stone won't talk about this one). i give it a 3 and that's just for the cast.

the only reason to see this movie is for a brilliant performance by thom-adcox hernandez who is underused in the movie within the movie. as usual tom villard is good, too. otherwise it's c**p. the possesor doesn't even exist how does he magically change the letters on the theatre marquee to spell out "the possessor"? lame.

i suppose many people comment/review their first movie on imdb because the movie was spectacular or horrible -- i'm writing due to the latter.i was excited for the sequel to "wargames" .. i thought the original was quite good considering its time period and content, i felt it was worth watching more than once. this being 2008, i had high hopes for what they would do with this film. computers, gaming, terror, military over-zealousness have all grown so much since the time of the first film, and "wargames: the dead code" had an opportunity to bring it all into a great flick.the movie failed on pretty much every level, but i particularly blame the writers and anyone who had any input regarding the realism of gaming aspects. "the dead code" was a 1990's air flight simulator with a few people on the ground waving their arms. meanwhile, will farmer is button mashing about 7,000 commands -- none of which are impacting what is happening on the screen. until finally he "wins" by clicking a box on the screen with his mouse that release gas that instantly kills 20,000 virtual people (nobody is near the gas). because he beat 5 levels in 15 minutes, this tells ripley (the real life war machine) that he is a high level terror threat.even though any 5-16 year old could complete this same task - the government believes he is a lethal threat to humanity. they say things like "he has expert knowledge of bio-terror" ... he displayed less knowledge than someone who read the first 3 paragraphs of the wiki entry on bio-terror. so then a movie-long chase scene with about .01% of the budget and excitement of any of the bourne titles ensues. they have about 1000 opportunities to catch him and clear up the entire matter.. sometimes they are mad they barely miss him.. but other times they masterfully create opportunities just let him go intentionally to follow him.ugh... i would write more.. but i already wasted 1.5 hours watching this, i would rather watch the broderick and joshua play tic-tac-toe for 1.5 hours.

i don't know what else to say about this horrible movie that hasn't already been said. honestly i have only myself to be angry with. i should have know better when i saw the title of this movie that it would be a horrible piece of crap, but i loved war games so i indulged my whim. i will live to regret that decision the rest of my life. from the very start when the government people explained that their super computer could determine who a terrorist was just by how well they played a video game i knew i was in for a ride though the land-that-good-writing-forgot. the list of very, very, very bad plot lines, dialog, and acting is so long i would crash imdb if i tried to post it. to those people who said that they have seen worst movies than this one please tell me. i am actually curious to see something that could top this steaming pile of horse dung.

let's face it-- if you rented a stdvd sequel of a forgotten 80's gem, and expected it to be better than the aforementioned, then you are an idiot. wargames: the dead code joins the long running list of unnecessary sequels that the dvd market has filled so easily. movies like this don't need spoilers, because you already know them.the "plot" for this "film", is as follows: nerd meets girl; girl likes nerd; nerd likes girl; nerd gets accidentally involved with top secret government computer; nerd and girl go to another country; nerd and girl end up being persecuted by government suits in the other country; nerd and girl meet some important old guy that dies at key point in the "film"; nerd and girl are captured; the top secret government computer gets crazy; nerd is hired to beat top secret government computer; nerd beats top secret computer by using the same old top secret computer from the first wargames "film"; nerd saves the day; nerd gets laid. the end.the acting, script, effects, score, and cinematography are what you would expect-- b-grade. some familiar faces are in here, and unless you are a mega fan of colm feore, then you should avoid this one. granted, the movie won't make you insane enough to eat your own toes by seeing it, so if you like cheap looking stdvd sequels, then you are right at home.sadly, mathew broderick was too involved with some "masterpiece", that he couldn't even do a five second cameo in this one. but can you blame him?

i didn't enjoy this film. i thought the acting wasn't very good and the story was boring. a 20year old computer saving the day? i thought that this was just slightly far fetched, even for a film. i couldn't figure out why they couldn't just turn it off, why not take a sledgehammer to it.its a shame, but after the original film from the 80s you expected so much more than what was actually delivered. this film could have been a 21st century version of the old film, it wasn't. if that is what you want to watch, do not watch this film! even if the old computer hadn't have turned up to save day, this would still, in my opinion, be a very very cheesy flick..

will farmer (lanter) plays a computer game that simulates a terrorist attack, and ripley, the super government computer, designed to profile potential terrorists, tracks him because will borrowed (by hacking) some money from his next door neighbor's bank account to pay for a class trip to play chess in philadelphia. the next door neighbor whose computer will was fixing, has relatives in the mid-east who thru their bank send money to the neighbor's bank , and ripley sees a terrorist connection. ripley has the power to call up missile strikes. oh, oh!this version of war games has a much faster pace and more aggressiveness than the war games movie in the early 1980s. well, the electronic industry has so much more to work with these days. makes sense. so the movie dazzles us with fantastic cgi on computer screens, and once joshua, the forerunner to ripley, is found operational, we are left with watching computer against computer and the humans are cringing, hoping, praying.sort of, oh-oh-ing, omg-ing, and more cringing hoping things will go their way. in other words we are now experiencing a made-for-tv type movie, and it's oh hum time. go back to the 1980s and watch the original war games movie. it's much better. but, we really have to ask ourselves: are we making computers too intelligent where one day, in time, they will rule us? hmmm..violence: yes. sex: no. nudity: no. language: no.

if you thought that the original from 83 was bad then try out this modern day masterpiece. how could it be worse more you ask? well...at least in the first one you had ally sheedy jogging in a sports bra. other than updated graphics, modern day themes (such as terrorists), modern weapons and a sexy new voice for ripley unfortunately this is the same sad tired story. anyone that saw the first one could see exactly where the next scene / line in the story was going. and for anyone that didn't see the first one...well consider yourself lucky that you only watched it once. maybe in another 23 years hollywood will try again.

a really bad sequel. part 1 had a lot of funny moments - part 2 is just bad (in a boring way) and obviously made to squeeze money out of the fans.shame on you, otto waalkes!the only slightly amusing moment in the film is helge schneider who apparently seems to be pis*ed about the other characters. it's quite easy to identify with him...the screenplay is sloppy/non-existent. the director should do everyone a favor and quit his job immediately. the acting is worse than a 2nd grade school play. technically the movie is awful as well, but who can blame the cinematographer/sound guys who had to work with such an untalented director?

i don't think this movie was rated correctly. i took my copy and blacked out the pg rating and wrote down r. i would not recommend this for anyone under 17 or 18, whatever the r limit is.why? it contains a scene in the jungle with several topless indian women. i don't know about you, but that's not something for little children to be watching. true, it might be the traditional "clothing style" of the african (?) indians, but... i think partial nudity should give a movie an r rating.i haven't seen the movie recently, but i guess otherwise, it was alright.

for those who are too young to know this or for those who have forgotten, the disney company went almost down the tubes by the end of the 1980s. people were not seeing their movies anymore and the company was not producing the usual wholesome material....at least no what people expected. a major problem: profanity.yes, the idiots running the disney movies during that decade would produce films with swear words - including the lord's name in vain, if you can believe that - interspersed in these "family films." in fact that happens twice here in the first 20 minutes! this movie, in addition to the language problems, has a nasty tone to it, too, which made it unlikeable almost right from the beginning. thankfully, disney woke up and has produced a lot of great material since these decadent '80s movies. ("touchstone" is disney, just under another name.)

okay, if you have a couple hours to waste, or if you just really hate your life, i would say watch this movie. if anything it's good for a few laughs. not only do you have obese, topless natives, but also special effects so bad they are probably outlawed in most states. seriuosly, the rating of 'pg' is pretty humorous too, once you see the native porn extravaganza. i wouldn't give this movie to my retarded nephew. you couldn't even show this to iraqi prisoners without violating the geneva convention. the plot is sketchy, and cliché, and dumb, and stupid. the acting is horrible, and the ending is so painful to watch i actually began pouring salt into my eye just to take my mind off of the idiocy filling my tv screen.

i saw the movie as a child when it was released in the theater and it was so bad that it became the makings of a family joke. if the ranking had a zero, this movie would get it. the dinosaurs were awful. the storyline was ridiculous. the acting really doesn't qualify to be called acting. the only reason i even remember the name of the movie so well is because my family still talks about how bad it really was.

... and i actually gave it a zero on my personal 1-10 scale. i have been attending movies since 1952 and have seen well over 1000 in the theater (i don't rate movies that i see only on tv). this is the only movie i have ever rated zero.my wife and i took our four children (then aged 15, 11, 8 and 6) and even the kids thought it was terrible. in fact, it was my daughter (now 26) who alerted me to this site (amazed that the movie was getting an overall rating of 4+).the animation of the dinosaurs looked amateurish at the time (and is even worse in retrospect), the acting (particularly by sean young) is atrocious and the story line is simply silly.

this wasn't what i wanted to see. i bought this on dvd and under the movie i found myself irritated and turned off the movie for a moment.heres what i didn't like:1 they were shooting at the father2 the tribes was really annoying3 the dinosaurs (mostly)looked to faked4 the bad scientist well he was annoying5 the picture quality on the dvd was really badwhat i did like: 1 the music by jerry goldsmith. this music is really great. i have the bootleg soundtrack from this movie. sadly the sound quality is not good, but its ok for its time.2 the first time we see the dinosaurs they inspire a sort of awe.3 baby is kinda cute when he is in the water and is playing4 that funny scene with the tent. 5 the children who sees this film would hopefully learn that evil always loses.

when the employees of a theater find an old reel of film, they decide to show it at the midnight screening of night of the living dead, assuming it's an old preview reel. unfortunately, it's actually an old nazi mind control experiment that turns the audience into a horde of mindless shuffling zombies.i can't understand the hate for this movie. it is a low budget independent production with a lot of camp, but it doesn't deserve a "1.1" here on imdb. it is just so much fun. it is obvious that the filmmakers have a reasonable knowledge and love of old horror movies, and they have created an entertaining tribute to them sprinkled with references and homages to a variety of them. it has the feel of such things as night of the living dead (in many ways, very similar), evil dead 2 and army of darkness, and various others.i liked the explanation of how the zombies, though really just hypnotized into thinking they are zombies, actually come to have the physical attributes of the living dead-unbelievable, perhaps, but i appreciate the effort by the writers to explain it. the gore effects were decent for the budget, the acting was all right, and the story was entertaining.i liked it.

30 seconds into the opening credits, i had this feeling that this was going to be a bad movie, but i didn't know just how bad. then the actor playing the evil nazi scientist opens his mouth and my friend and i decide that in order to survive this movie, we'll have to turn the volume down, make up our own dialogue and double the speed on the dvd. but that didn't help. about half way through we turned it off. now, i've lived through some very bad movies before, both with and without the aide of "mystery science theater 3000" and "svengoolie," but there are just some movies which i doubt even the bots can save. the biggest part of the movie that bothered me the most was that the people hypnotized into believing they're zombies had rotting green skin. i guess they were all hypnotized into death, then hypnotized into rotting themselves. stick to the real b-movie cult classics like "plan nine from outer space."

it's obvious that the people who made 'dead at the box office' love b-movie horror. overt references to the genre are peppered throughout, from stock characters (the authority figure who doesn't believe the monstrous invasion is really happening) to kevin smith style discussions to reenacting duane jones' last moments from 'night of the living dead' not once but twice.unfortunately it takes more than love to make a good movie.the staging and shot choice are unexciting and unimaginative. while a common admonition in film school is to avoid 'mastershot theatre,' telling the story completely in a wide master shot, here we find the obverse as in several sequences it's hard to figure out the spatial relationships between characters as the story is told in a series of medium shots with no establishing shot to tie it together. editing is drab and basic and at times there are unmotivated cuts. the lighting is flat and sometimes muddy, making the scenes in the darkened theatre hard to make out (was there lighting, or was this shot with available light only?). some shots are out of focus. the dialogue is trite, and the performances, for the most part, one-note (isaiah robinson shows some energy and screen presence as curtis, and the fellow playing the projectionist has some pleasantly dickish line readings; michael allen williams as the theater manager and casey kirkpatrick as enthusiastic film geek eric have some nice moments). the premise is silly, even for a b horror flick (also, it's too bad dr eisner was unaware of project paperclip - he could've saved himself a lot of trouble!). the 'zombies' are non-threatening, and their makeup is unconvincing (although the chunky zombie trying to get a gumball out of the machine raised a smile). for a zombie fan film, there is very little blood or violence, although what there is, is handled pretty well. the incidental music, while stylistically uneven, is kind of nice at times, and there are some good foley effects. the 'time warp' parody was a fun listen, although the images going along with it were less fun to watch. unfortunately, the looped dialogue sounds flat. was this shot non-sync (doubtful, it looks like video through and through)? i watched the special introduction by troma films' lloyd kaufman before the main feature - although it consisted essentially of kaufman plugging his own stuff and admitting that he hadn't seen the movie while someone mugged in a toxie mask, its production and entertainment values were higher than 'dead...' itself (quick aside to whoever put the dvd together - the countdown on film leader beeps only on the flash-frame 2, not on every number plus one more after). for that matter, the vampire film theatregoers are seen watching early in 'dead...' looked a lot more entertaining than this. recommendation to avoid, unless you know someone involved in the production or are an ardent lloyd kaufman completist (he plays 'kaufman the minion' in the film-within-a-film).(full disclosure: my girlfriend is an extra in this movie. i swear this did not color my review.)

a response to previous comments made by residents of the region where this motion picture was lensed: one person suggested that the closing and destruction of the ocean view amusement park led to a downturn in the surrounding neighborhoods. this is simply not true. prior to the construction of interstate 64, which bypasses the ocean view area, the primary route for traffic went through the heart of ocean view. once the interstate was completed, ocean view rapidly became a ghost town with businesses closing up and an increase in crime. this led to a huge reduction in revenues for the park, which also faced new competition from nearby busch gardens in williamsburg. meanwhile, in the past few years, the city of norfolk has done a remarkable job of fostering redevelopment so that the area has become a sought-after location for construction of high-end housing.it has also been said that the destruction footage of the roller coaster was used in the film "rollercoaster". this is also untrue. footage was shot of two coaster cars careening off the ride for that film, but the actual explosions and collapse are exclusive to "death of ocean view park".as to the film itself, the storyline of a "supernatural" force in the water adjacent to the park was certainly silly, but somewhat typical for b-grade movies of the time. with the cast involved, there should be no surprise that the scenery was gnawed in almost every scene by the primary actors. i don't believe this film was intended to be another "citizen kane"; i believe playboy was experimenting with a new non-nude format to determine if this was an area for the company to expand into (apparently not!). a strange force in the water causing strange events in an old amusement park probably sounded good at the conference table, but proved unmanageable in execution. the roller coaster and the rest of the park was destined for the wrecking ball anyway; "let's come up with a weird way to justify an explosive demise!".for the casual movie viewer, this would be a "see once and forget about it" film (except for diana canova fans); but for the thousands of people who live in the region and have fond memories of the park, this movie is like a "walk down memory lane" for footage of the park as well as old footage of downtown norfolk, the first "harborfest", and old dominion university. even a limited release of this film on dvd would be welcome.

this movie is one of the most wildly distorted portrayals of history. horribly inaccurate, this movie does nothing to honor the hundreds of thousands of dutch, british, chinese, american and indigenous enslaved laborers that the sadistic japanese killed and tortured to death. the bridge was to be built "over the bodies of the white man" as stated by the head japanese engineer. it is disgusting that such unspeakable horrors committed by the japanese captors is the source of a movie, where the bridge itself, isn't even close to accurate to the actual bridge. the actual bridge was built of steel and concrete, not wood. what of the survivors who are still alive today? they hate the movie and all that it is supposed to represent. their friends were starved, tortured, and murdered by cruel sadists. those that didn't die of dysantry, starvation, or disease are deeply hurt by the movie that makes such light of their dark times.

the first time i watched cold case was after it had run for about a year on danish television. at the time it came to the tv it nearly drowned in 4 or 5 other american crime shows aired roughly the same time.i saw it and i was bored to death. the substandard actors with the self righteous faces and morals were a pain in the behind. the entire premise that so much money was given a team of investigators to solve murders dating back 10-20-30 or even 60 years seems so unlikely.the time is also a factor as they only have 50-60 min to tell the story which means that they get a break through just in the nick of time to solve the case and bring justice to surviving family members, if they are still alive. this combined with the "personal" problems and relations of the investigators which there has to be time for leaves the show a complete lackluster.i give it a 2-star rating because of the music i the end which is really the only reason for watching it....which you then of course won't do as that is too lame a reason for watching this crap.

when this was released, i thought this was one of the most profane films ever made. however, thanks to martin scorcese and a few other filmmakers like him, there have been mainline films worse, language-wise, than this....but this is a pretty brutal assault on one's ears. hey, i can take a lot of it, but this got ridiculous. in the first six minutes alone, i heard a half-dozen usage's of the lord's name in vain plus an untold number of f-words. i wonder how many people walked out of the theater watching this in 1990? i couldn't have been the only one.not surprisingly, some of the feature actors included jennifer jason-leigh, burt young, jerry orbach and rikki lake. since this film, stephen lang seems to have improved his image, at least playing the godly "stonewall" jackson in "gods and generals." lang's role here is just the opposite: perhaps the worst trashy person in the film and a character who falls in love with a transvestite by the end of the film.depressing, gloomy, semi-pornographic, repulsive: these are just a few of the adjectives people used - even some liberal critics - in describing this story, which is painted even worse in the novel. of course, some of the better-known critics, all extreme libs, praised the movie. however, they were the only ones. most critics were disgusted, as well almost all of the paying public. it's unbelievable that anyone could praise filth and garbage like this.trust me on this: there are no good, likable characters in this entire movie. this is a mean, sick film: one of the worst of the "modern era." that is, unless you enjoy seeing child abuse, drug abuse, teen prostitutes, on and on - two straight hours of nothing but atrocities and just plain evil people. no thanks.

hubert selby jr. gave us the book "requiem for a dream" and co-wrote the screenplay to aronofsky's movie of it. that movie succeeded on every level by delivering an intimate, and unbiased portrait of the horrors of the characters lives and the vices that destroyed them. "last exit to brooklyn" still has the vice and the multiple characters living sad lives, but it hardly does them the same justice aronofsky did.the film seems laughably anti-gay at times. especially when in the film homosexuality equals death. one gay character gets stoned, is launched skyward by a speeding car, and lands dead on the pavement. another is crucified and still more are simply beat up. another exaggerated piece of shock value, that might actually have been compelling if it were done well, are scenes of the union workers literally doing battle with the strike-breakers. who'd have thought a drama about brooklyners would feature action sequences and truck explosions?the director, uli edel has a skill level like that of a tv director, but he is far below the cut for real movies. the film is clunky that can't even seem to settle on a genre. lake is given a useless role that any mannequin could have filled and baldwin only seems to know how to look stupid in his equally meager part. and then comes jennifer jason leigh as our lead, a loathsome hooker named tralala (believe it or not, i'm not joking). her performance is nothing great and the fate of her character is dirty to say the least. poor use of color and composition make it look cheaper than it is, and also takes the "real" edge off the more provocative bits. a failure.

fine performances and art direction do not a good movie make. this movie is so grim and depressing, i could feel absolutely no joy at the "happy" ending involving the union strike. the attempts at humor involving lake's pregnancy are absolutely disastrous, and any movie involving a baldwin brother already has a strike against it. on a positive note, lang is still one of america's great underrated actors, he alone almost makes this worth keeping in the vcr. i give this a 4.

i don't know much about film-making, but good movies have to tell some sort of a story...your characters have to start and complete their journey. in last exit to brooklyn they may, but its not in any satisfying way, and i'm not meaning a happy ending, just any ending.last exit to brooklyn, set in 1952 brooklyn during a very brutal labor strike, sets a number of story threads in motion. most involve some of the most unlikeable characters to ever walk across a movie screen. but last exit to brooklyn fails to bring these stories to any conclusion...it leaves some of them dangling with no ending, or blasts off into some bizarre stratosphere for an "artistic" ending.two cases in point, and they contain spoilers.a sad transvestite character (an important character in the film), is struck by a car and killed. and that's it for him in the movie....he's gone for good, erased from everyone's memory..no reactions from his friends, enemies, lovers....nothing.in another thread the stupid, clueless, and secretly gay strike leader, having been rejected by labor, his gay lover, and found out by the neighborhood thugs, gets stomped by the thugs. the closing scene to the beating shows the streets of brooklyn, and the streetlights are very, very similar to those of nazi death camps...and the scene drags on and on and on...and the camera pans down to the body of the labor leader, and he's been crucified.....ppppuuuulllleeeeeez. and of course that's it for him too....brain erasure.....gone.bottom line....no matter what the reviewers originally said in 1989 about this film....this movie is a depressing piece of sludge. avoid it. and if you don't be forewarned, it really deserves an nc-17 rating for massive amounts of physical, emotional and sexual brutality...don't even let the teenagers watch.

i was drawn to this movie, curious to see how they have adapted hubert shelby's brutal novel. i thought that a literary piece of such depth, with a rich tapestry of characters, horrid situations, and social critique could not translate into a bad movie. i was wrong.this flick is a terrible movie experience, not for its content, but for its form. director ulrich edel executes, in my sincere opinion, a terrible directorial job that does no justice to the original book. no wonder edel is a tv director; this movie looks and feels like a bad "made for tv" flick. some of my views on this bomb (**spoilers ahead**):- lack of directorial creativity. the scenes are slow, feel slow, look poorly shot, and barely ever move from an anchored position. the only liberty they take is in the cinematography area, with a nice dark tone. other than that, the movie has the same technical creativity as a tv soap-opera.- all the actors do a terrific job at portraying these miserable characters. the problem is that the adaptation does not tackle a basic element in the development of the plot: motivation. all these characters move around like robots, without a clear motivation for their action. they seem to do things out of the blue, like robots, for no reason at all. edel misses every opportunity to enrich character development by not exploring the character's motivations, and by avoiding developing each character's personality to its full extent.this lack of character development is blatant on tralala. jennifer jason leight does a great job playing this trashy prostitute, but her alcohol-induced decision to let the sailors violate her is not explained. it looks extremely stupid, as we see this character doing this out of the blue. this is a clear example of poor character development.the movie also has many secondary, token characters that do nothing, feel nothing, and add nothing to the plot. i would have liked to learn more about harry's wife, for instance, and the interaction between the two. that's another missed opportunity.edel only approaches character development with harry and his fixation with his gay lover, only to screw it up at the end, not clearly explaining -again- his motivations. the thugs are also a joke in their lack of development.- the soundtrack is one of the worst i've ever experienced. terrible job by mark knopfler. i seriously expected more from the former leader of dire straits, but his job in this movie is seriously lacking. at times, like in the battle between the union workers and the police, the music seems totally disconnected from the movie. it also feels completely poor and anachronic; i could swear the whole soundtrack was made with a casio toy keyboard. it distracts from the actual action.- the book adaptation by desmond nakano is so literal that eliminates the point of the story. it feels as if they tried so hard to keep the action-by-action storyline in the book, that they forgot to actually develop the characters and, once again, explain their actions and motivations.i seriously can not recommend this movie, not even to a shelby fan, because it can ruin the original book. it's a very uninspired effort in adapting the novel, and shows very little creative input.

i'm sure that operations dames was a favorite at the drive-ins back in the day. there's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied. and if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood.otherwise there ain't a whole lot that operations dames has going for it. it's set in the korean war where a platoon of gis together with a british tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the un lines. bad enough already, but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of uso girls and their choreographer in the same predicament.you know what's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the army and in combat situations. these bimbos from the uso set women's liberation back light years. in fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants.but that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive-in for. this no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort.operations dames is definitely a team flop.

relentlessly stupid, no-budget "war picture" made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular eve meyer--not a bad idea in itself--but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it. laughable "script", performances that wouldn't pass muster in an elementary-school christmas pageant, inept "action" scenes, confused direction by the normally competent documentary director louis clyde stoumen--who is apparently not quite sure if he's making a comedy, a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering t&a (by early 1960s standards, anyway) travelogue of eve meyer's magnificent body--and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence. worth seeing in order to watch eve meyer strut her stuff, but that's pretty much it.

good lord, whoever made this turkey needs to be buried alive. i'm sorry, but the other reviewer must not have seen this movie, he must be watching something else, or have never seen a movie before... 9 out of ten stars? he's saying what, this is as good as ben hur or gone with the wind? unintentionally funny, massively unbelievable characters, absurd situations, looks like it was shot in griffith park (which works out pretty well--mash was shot in griffith park), crappy script, just about everything that could possibly be wrong with a movie all rolled into one package. should be required viewing for all prospective film makers as an example of how a movie could be horribly wrong. it reminds me of something a usc student may make for a film class. give this one a pass unless you do drugs and are into high camp.

i don't think i'm too far off base saying that this is possibly the worst movie i've ever seen. i've been working on a list of my favorite war movies: "the longest day," "to hell and back," "bridge on the river kwai," (all black and white) which all have good plots, rich characters and great acting. i've seen better dialog and acting in student-written high school one act plays. the plot, however isn't a bad premise - just poorly implemented. it's kind of like a traffic accident, though, i couldn't seem to turn it off! a movie doesn't need big money or great sets i.e. "twelve angry men" and "lifeboat" to be good... so budget is no excuse. what were they thinking?

i rented this by mistake. i thought, after a cursory examination of the box, that this was a time-travel/sci-fi story. instead, it's a "christian" story, and i suppose is fairly typical example. if you are sold on the message you probably will overlook the awkwardness of the plot/acting/etc., but i found it rather painful. i have to admit that i'm bothered by the rewriting of history in this story. it paints the 1890's as some sort of paradise of family values and morality (a character is aghast that 5% of marriages end in divorce!), but it overlooks very unsavory sides of this "highly moral" society (rigid racial, sexual, and social discrimination were widespread, for instance). and at one point the hero complains to a clothing store owner about things that sound not all that different than the complaints of some iranian leaders about women's clothing styles (as reported in a recent wsj).overall, thought, i suppose that it's the sort of thing you'll like if you like this sort of thing, and it's certainly wholesome...

the premise sucked me in, but it was clear about 30 seconds in that this was either david lynch or something seriously terrible. interesting to watch just to run through the fundamentalist laundry list. i can be a sucker for a stirring spiritual piece (romero comes to mind), but there was nothing spiritual whatsoever about this one. the message seems to be that we must all pretend we have an iq of 80 (or simply get a lobotomy - jennifer what happened to ya?) and blindly follow the bible without any sort of self-examination whatsoever or we'll trigger the second coming. it's the kind of attitude that makes people fly jumbo jets into 110 story buildings (i work around the corner from the site of the former wtc). i like to think that god is a little greater than that.

i'm afraid that you'll find that the huge majority of people who rate this movie as a 10 are highly christian. i am not. if you are looking for a christian movie, i recommend this film. if you are looking for a good general movie, i'm afraid you'll need to go elsewhere.i was annoyed by the characters, and their illogical behaviour. the premise of the movie is that the teaching of morality without teaching that it was jesus who is the basis of morality is itself wrong. one scene shows the main character telling a boy that it is wrong to steal, and then the character goes on to say that it was jesus who taught us this. i find that offensive: are we to believe that "thou shalt not steal" came from jesus? i suppose he wrote the ten commandments? and stealing was acceptable before that? i rented the movie from netflix. i should have realized the nature of the movie from the comments. oh well.

i attempted to watch this film without being able to really sit through it, for while it is suppose to have a "good" message; the problem is that it is obviously produced according to one particular interpretation of scripture. an interpretation, in my opinion, will mislead a lot of people. in addition, i am a movie maniac and the acting in this film was completely unacceptable. never before had i wished for a negative score to rate a movie. so, if you wish to be preached to incessantly by those without authority, then by all means, get this film. this comment is also a warning to people who like or love scifi, because the title will deceive a lot of people as well. this was an unfortunate film, because the basic idea had possibilities and those possibilities were squandered. the film's only redeemable quality is that it did make me realize that the character in the "time machine" probably should have shown a little more moral outrage at the odd behavior by those in his future.

i picked up time changer because it looked like a nice low-budget scifi time travel movie and i was in the mood for something like that. the description said it had something to do with some biblical stuff and time travel but i didn't expect a fundamentalist christian film!the movie had decent special effects and an interesting premise that could have gone places and been far more interesting than it ended up being. our hero, who is a bible professor from the 1890s, eventually travels forward to the 2000s and finds that modern life is filled with the influences of evil - jesus is nowhere to be found. this wonderful technological feat is accomplished with the assistance of a fellow bible teacher who somehow managed to invent a functional hg-wells-style time machine. the movie starts to lose some credibility at this point, which is unfortunate because this happens very early in the film. earlier (or perhaps immediately later, can't remember for certain), our hero professor was seen teaching what appeared to be a science class where he claimed that scientific findings could only be considered validated if it could be matched with what the bible says. what should be obvious to anyone is that this is clearly not what the scientific method is about, however it is presented such that the filmmakers appear to prefer the point of view that science is useful only if it supports their claims and otherwise is not useful.in any case, that belief is perfectly valid and sensible in the context of the character at the time. so, if we accept that as the fact of life for these bible professors, then obviously the professor who went and invented the time machine isn't a very strong believer as i don't think there's any evidence (and none was offered) for the physics of time travel in the bible. so immediately there's a problem with mixed messages and credibility there, but never mind...after the professor is convinced to take the leap into the future, the shock of modern technology was handled quite well in most cases. it was also fun to not have it pinned down to an exact year (as the character is reading the date off a newspaper to himself, a car honks a horn and it scares him into not finishing the date: it's just two thousand and... *honk*). some of the shock went on a little too long, though. for instance, the car was one of the first things he encountered when he arrived and around two days later he's invited to a church movie night and takes a ride in a van. he sticks his head out the window like a dog might, is scared by the headlights and the starting engine, etc. that seemed a bit off since he'd been there a few days by this point and the city appeared to be quite busy with traffic. in any case, that's easy to ignore. the rest of the tech shock was well done - especially his first encounter with the tv which was delayed because he didn't even realize what it was until he saw a kid watching one and using a remote.unfortunately, our hero predictably starts to preach to virtually everyone he meets as if he's an authority on all life and religion just because he's from the past and is an elder. eventually he gets himself a brief moment in the spotlight at the church he had been visiting where he proceeds to explain his concept of christianity to them in a long monologue that was supposed to be moving and insightful, but mostly was just more of the same. a couple of husbands in the church begin to get a funny feeling about this guy (go figure) and investigate his name. they eventually conclude that he either is a time traveler or is impersonating this long dead bible professor and decide to find out which it is. the movie frames these guys as non-believer bad guys for being skeptical.just before the professor is to head back to his own time, he is confronted by those two men. in an effort to avoid being arrested or hauled away, he eventually breaks into an almost insane-like rant about how jesus is coming soon and that he's a prophet so they should listen to him. just in time, he's whisked away and one of the husbands wonders if perhaps this is the rapture he'd heard so much about.the irony is that this essentially means the professor became a self-proclaimed (and most likely false) prophet claiming to know that the rapture was near and he was sent by god when truthfully he was sent by his fellow bible professor and did not have any god-given knowledge (that was stated or even hinted at).as i understand it, revelation claims that the time of the end is only for god to know and at the end of the film we see the inventor professor trying (and failing) to send a bible into the future. first 2080, then 2070, etc. as the scene fades out. clearly he's trying to determine the exact date of the end times - which he shouldn't be able to know! essentially, the entire premise of the movie cancels itself out because by being so insistent on their religious beliefs and how certain things are for god to know only, it means there couldn't ever be a time machine in the first place because then mankind could find out something that only god should know! the entire movie's premise collapses and makes the whole thing basically worthless as it undermines it's own credibility in the end.

falsely accused, skirt-chasing chums john wayne (as john scott) and eddy chandler (as kansas charlie) change identities to become "alias smith and jones". mr. wayne becomes "john jones". mr. chandler's is supposed to be "rev. smith", but wayne calls him "dr. smith". at no time are either of them as entertaining as roger davis, pete duel, jonathan harris, or ben murphy; although, wayne can be considered infinitely more successful than any of them, career wise. pretty blonde mary kornman (as anne), grown-up from her days in "our gang", is a lovely interest for wayne. she and chandler have a couple of cute scenes with wayne. if you're not a fan of low budget john wayne films of the 1930s, this movie won't make you one.

one of the more 'literate' lone stars, with time spent on character development and interaction, dialog and acting business. the opening scene sets the stage (literally) for the personalities of the gambler, kansas charlie (eddy chandler), and his buddy, john scott (john wayne) the rodeo (say roh-day-oh) star, both of whom are slightly randy. the film follows their adventures, as they try to best each other in the pursuit of the mexican juanita, and later in their pursuit of perky mary kornman, who has the inevitable evil brother (though he'd been led astray by the real villain, and wants to repent). and oh, of course, they're being wrongly accused of two crimes and have to serve jail time before escaping and being exonerated at the end.the high point is scott continually and deliberately ogling mary's butt in her grocery store, and knocking away the ladder she's standing on so he can catch her and grab her as she falls. it all seems a little contemporary for a 30s western, but it sounds better than it actually is. sadly, the exciting action elements we find in many other lone stars are sorely missing here. no yakima canutt. cheap and bad uses of stock footage of riders falling off horses. no george hayes. tedious stooge-like bi-play between scott and charlie, with charlie swinging at scott, scott stomping on his foot and then punching him (repeated two more times!). the skilled paul fix is underused. eddy chandler himself, here in his big star turn, is not really believable as a randy side kick. the villain looks too old and fat. so does chandler, who spent his later career in 300 more movies as an uncredited meatloaf. mary kornman, of the twenties "our gang" (see 'mary, queen of tots' 1925) is cute in her scenes with john wayne, but that's about it for this one. seeds of a better western lie buried here.p.s. the ultra-short colorized version, which looks good, moves along so fast, it's over if you blink more than once. thankfully though, the embarrassing scenes with eddy chandler have been cut.

before i explain the "alias" comment let me say that "the desert trail" is bad even by the standards of westerns staring the three stooges. in fact it features carmen laroux as semi- bad girl juanita, when you hear her mexican accent you will immediately recognize her as senorita rita from the classic stooge short "saved by the belle". in "the desert trail" john wayne gets to play the moe howard character and eddy chandler gets to play curly howard. like their stooge counterparts a running gag throughout the 53- minute movie is moe hitting curly. wayne's character, a skirt chasing bully, is not very endearing, but is supposed to be the good guy. playing a traveling rodeo cowboy wayne holds up the rodeo box office at gunpoint and takes the prize money he would have won if the attendance proceeds had been good-the other riders have to settle for 25 cents on the dollar (actually even less after wayne robs the box office). no explanation is given for wayne's ripping off the riders and still being considered the hero who gets the girl. things get complicated at this point because the villain (al ferguson) and his sidekick larry fine (played by paul fix-who would go on to play sheriff micah on television's "the rifleman") see wayne rob the box office and then steal the remainder of the money and kill the rodeo manager. moe and curly get blamed. so moe and curly move to another town to get away from the law and they change their names to smith and jones. who do they meet first but their old friend larry, whose sister becomes the 2nd half love interest (senorita rita is left behind it the old town and makes no further appearances in the movie). larry's sister is nicely played by a radiantly beautiful mary kornman (now grown up but in her younger days she was one of the original cast members of hal roach's "our gang" shorts). kornman is the main reason to watch the mega-lame western and her scenes with moe and curly are much better than any others in the production, as if they used an entirely different crew to film them. even for 1935 the action sequences in this thing are extremely weak and the technical film- making is staggeringly bad. the two main chase scenes end with stock footage wide shots of a rider falling from a horse. both times the editor cuts to a shot of one of the characters rolling on the ground, but there is no horse in the frame, the film stock is completely different, and the character has on different clothes than the stunt rider. there is liberal use of stock footage in other places, none of it even remotely convincing. one thing to watch for is a scene midway into the movie where moe and curly get on their horses and ride away (to screen right) from a cabin as the posse is galloping toward the cabin from the left. the cameraman follows the two stooges with a slow pan right and then does a whip pan to the left to reveal the approaching posse. outside of home movies i have never seen anything like this, not because it is looks stupid (which it does) but because a competent director would never stage a scene in this manner. they would film the two riders leaving and then reposition the camera and film the posse approaching as a separate action. or if they were feeling creative they would stage the sequence so the camera shows the riders in the foreground and the posse approaching in the background. then again, what do i know? i'm only a child.

john scott (john wayne) and partner kansas charlie (eddy chandler) are trail buddies who make their way to the rattlesnake gulch rodeo. scott is a pretty fair contestant, but finds that unless he's willing to accept twenty five cents on the dollar in prize money from a crooked promoter, he'll have to collect his winnings at gunpoint. quite coincidentally, bandits pete (al ferguson) and jim (paul fix) decide they'd like the rest of the rodeo take; they shoot promoter farnsworth (henry hall), and make it look like scott and kansas charlie are the killers. wayne and chandler use a running gag in the film where they're about to go at it with their fists over various trivialities. each time chandler takes a wild swing, wayne foot stomps him and knocks him silly.if you're very attentive, there's a neat lipton's tea ad in one of the scenes in which scott's love interest anne (mary kornman) appears.later on in the film, the buddies are framed once again over a stage robbery. having a change of heart and seeing the error of his ways, bad guy jim wants to come clean and confess to the sheriff, but pete shoots him down. while being patched up, jim tells his story to the doctor and his sister anne. in an unbelievable scene, anne marches right into the middle of a gunfight between the good guys and the villains to confront the sheriff."the desert trail" is one of the blander john wayne westerns from lone star productions during this era. noticeably absent are george "gabby" hayes and yakima canutt, one or both are usually to be seen in these oaters. if you're a john wayne fan though, you'll have to see it once, but that will probably be enough.

this early john wayne lone star western has a bit more going for it than the run-of-the-mill oaters wayne had been making for lone star up until that time. for one, it has his old friend paul fix in it; fix, being a much better actor then the standard lone star villain, brings a much needed professionalism to the surroundings instead of the usual hesitant line-readings often delivered in these oaters. the plot, about mistaken identity, payroll robbery and murder, is as trite and perfunctory as you'd expect it to be in a 1930s low-budget western, but wayne's strapping good looks, easygoing charm and way with a line go a long way to making this more enjoyable. plump, balding eddy chandler isn't quite believable as wayne's womanizing "partner", and there's a running gag about something that happens whenever chandler and wayne are about to get into a fistfight that grows tiresome. on the other hand, wayne's love interest is played by none other than mary kornman, the little "mary" of the early "little rascals" fame. she is a grown-up 20-year-old now, blonde and cute as a button. most of wayne's leading ladies in these lone star/monogram "b's" were fairly bland and colorless, but mary is perky, cute and, yes, sexy. there's a scene in the general store, where she works, in which wayne asks her to get him a bottle of "nerve tonic", which happens to be on the top shelf, so she has to get a ladder and climb up to the top shelf. wayne's ogling her pert little backside as she ascends the steps, then again as she comes down, then again a few minuter later when he asks her to climb up and get him another bottle is surprisingly racy for a film made in 1935. wayne makes no attempt to hide the fact that he is definitely checking out her butt. anyway, it's an interesting little "b", not great, but not as choppy and random as many of his lonestar productions of the time. the final gunfight isn't handled all that well, and chandler gets somewhat irritating after a while, but all in all, it's worth a look, if only to see a cute and sexy mary kornman.

why is it that any film about cleopatra, the last phaoroh brings out the worst in movie making? whatever attraction the woman had for the greatest roman of them all, julius ceasar, and his successor, mark anthony, never seems to come across on the screen as other than the antics of over sexed high school seniors. despite lavish sets and costumes, this movie is as bad as any italian "sandals and toga" extravaganza of the 50's. admittedly, this kind of spectacular belongs on the big screen, which is why "gladiator" went over well, but "gladiator" did not have all the romance novel sex.miss varela has as little acting talent as elizabeth taylor, but timothy dalton has talent to spare. pity some of it didn't wash off on the others.

i only hope that no classicists/ancient historians saw "cleopatra", or, if they did, that they took it as a laugh. the movie is horrendously inaccurate, more laughably, even, than "gladiator" (which is at least a well-written script whose historical errors are articulate and correspond well to the story). most blatant is octavius, caesar's heir, in the senate before caesar's assassination: at the ripe old age of 19!besides this, the acting is mediocre. timothy dalton has more than a hint of james bond in him when he says, "caesar. julius caesar." billy zane is a laughably dense marc antony. and leonor varela tries her best to be the seductive pharaoh (who in real life was not good-looking at all) but comes off as unbelievable.so this is a warning for all historians--this movie is not true to life!

i missed the beginning of this film, which might account for why i disliked it so much. on the other hand i've studied the fall of the roman republic for years so i know the story. then again, that might also be the reason why i disliked this film.the film has more historical inaccuracies than extras. though it's so inaccurate that i don't think they made an attempt for it to be correct, in which case it can be forgiven. the odd thing is that they sometimes go to great lengths to be historically accurate that it ends up getting confusing. like throwing in antonius' marriage to octavia, and then pushing it aside two scenes later. why even bring it up if it serves no purpose for the plot and octavia is never even seen? and like calling antonius by his actual name (marcus antonius) in some scenes, and by his strange english name mark antony in other scenes.though historical inaccuracies aside, the film could still have been an entertaining watch if it wasn't for the leading lady. there isn't an ounce of dignity in her. she's hysterical, dramatical, and completely lacking control of herself. instead of being a clever and composed queen cleopatra turns into a hysterical teenager with a bad case of pms. 95% of that comes from the poor acting, but 5% is also from poor script writing. far too many stupid dramatic scenes are written into the script. sometimes you weren't watching antonius and cleopatra, you were watching immature versions of dawson and joey from "dawson's creek".if you want to watch something about this period, watch... anything but this.

if this book remained faithful to the book then we can only assume that the author was ignorant of history. mark anthony never died of injuries obtained in battle as depicted. he died a coward's death by committing suicide and even then, he asked his slave to do it for him. the slave chose to kill himself instead. in the real story mark anthony was ashamed by the slave's great valor and decided to copy him. but even in death mark anthony was a drunken failure and failed at his own suicide attempt. he cried out for cleopatra and was taken to her, bleeding. she hauled his litter up on ropes and mark anthony died a while later. if you want history don't watch this movie. if you want romantic drivel then you will probably enjoy it!

the dvd version consists of 2 episodes, the parricide of caesar being the juncture. in addition, the language was spanish without subtitles. hence, it's hard for me to review in depth this movie because because i didn't understand what was said.cleopatra being an historic icon, the part is very difficult and i found that for a newcomer, leonor varela just plays fine. she is strong-willed but also a very supportive, tender soul mate. thimothy dalton as caesar is perfect and their romance is the main thing of the first episode. so, it is not really a documentary, nor a peplum but a great love story.after the parricide, a new lover comes (marc-antoine) but the flavor is gone: we remember always our first love. so, i found the second episode dull and their tragic fate isn't told powerfully.nonetheless, the production is luxurious: the sets are big, tastefully decorated; the moroccan live location exotic and the wardrobes splendid. the producers have a lot of money for sure, but they spend nothing on the special effects. they are so poor (blue screens, ships, sphinx) that it's funny.finally, i would like very much to hear it in french or english to make a definitive opinion about this two movies.

i found this a good movie to pass your time, but not by any chance of any historical value. the portrayal of cleopatra reminded me a cheap soap opera.the twist of the facts is... funny! she gave birth while feeding her people!?!? o please... a pregnant queen of egypt (especially this one) would not bother to go from one room to the other for that reason! they tried to make her appear a saint for god's sake! and the way they tried to justify her murdering her own sister... beyond description.cleopatra was the greatest politician of her time. her decisions were based anything but her feelings and morals. she did everything for only two reasons: power and self-preservation! she was borne in a family where she had to straggle for survival, something she did very well. anything that stood on her way was either murdered (her brothers and sister) or seduced (ceasar and mark anthony).unfortunately octavian was too powerful to kill and too... gay to be seduced. so, he was her end...

this version of "moby dick" insults the audience by claiming it is based on melville's novel-even going so far as to show a phony first chapter sentence rather than the famous "call me ishmael". in addition to having atrocious acting, even from john barrymore,this is perhaps the greatest example of how far hollywood (especially early hollywood) would go to revise and change a famous novel just to beef up its chances at the box office.all of the novel's beautiful,poetic language has been absolutely eradicated, and ahab has been changed from a brooding,blasphemous,obsessive madman to a dashing,misunderstood hero who only wants to kill moby dick after his fiance(!) turns away from him after seeing his wooden leg. to this is added the standard evil brother who wants the fiance for himself, and a different ending!

necessarily ridiculous film version the literary classic "moby dick". john barrymore is captain ahab, who falls in love with the pastor's daughter, joan bennett. his brother derek is a rival for ms. bennett's affections. when mr. barrymore loses his leg in a whaling accident, bennett rejects him. he must slay the whale and win bennett back...there are several scenes which may have thrilled 1930 theater audiences; particularly the scenes involving barrymore losing his leg. the film hasn't aged well, however; there are much better films from the time, both 1920s silents and 1930s talkies. the two name attractions, john barrymore and joan bennett aren't at their best. **** moby dick (8/14/30) lloyd bacon ~ john barrymore, joan bennett, lloyd hughes

i suppose that any novel that's as much of a downer as moby dick would not find much favor with depression era audiences who had enough of their own troubles. but any resemblance to the classic herman melville novel is a pure coincidence. in fact half of the film is a prequel to the main story as we know it, not that too much of it was kept for the film. we first meet ahab creely (he's got a last name and a brother) as one happy go lucky soul with two legs and intentions to marry joan bennett who is father mapple's daughter. that brother derek, played by lloyd hughes, also wants to marry bennett.john barrymore is ahab in an over the top performance. barrymore had not quite mastered the sound cinema and he gave out with all the silent era histrionics plus a stage voice that would have shaken the rafters of any movie theater this film was playing in.we see ahab lose his leg to the great whale moby dick and i have to say the amputation scene was pretty gruesome. of course this was all before the code. still i'm sure 1930 audiences shuddered.after that the story of ahab's hunt for the whale that he thinks made him unsightly in joan bennett's eyes. that is not exactly melville's motivation, in fact there are no women characters in moby dick as he wrote it.one of the things melville did was invest the crew of ahab's ship the pequod with personalities. other than queequeg the cannibal harpooner the names are there, but not the personalities. starbuck and stubbs might as well be smith and jones.i'd see this version of moby dick strictly for curiosity and nothing else.

this really should have been a one star, but there was so many, clichés, predictable twists, seen it all before slasher flick parallels that i actually give it an extra star for the fact it made me laugh...although this was never the directors intention im sure.i don't often write comments about films, they have to be either sensational, or in this ones case really bad.to be honest, as soon as i saw jeff fahey in it i knew it was going to be poor as he has a unique nose for picking out the worst films.somehow the farce of it all made me watch it all the way through, possibly for the hilarious voice of mr t, (not relay mr t, but you'll know what i mean if you bother to watch this), if you do watch it, make sure you don't pay to see it. this may have worked had they actually put intended comedy into it, but im sure you'll find the odd laugh here and there at the farce of it all...

a very attractive and capable cast is lost in this deadly boring rehash of the slasher sub-genre. the plot a simply a collection of cliches and set-pieces that we've all seen a hundred times before. has great potential as an insomnia treatment.

this true story of carlson's raiders is more of a army training film than anything else.obviously thrown together quickly on a miniscule budget about the only thing it has to recommend it is an early performance by robert mitchum,who's the only decent actor in the cast,and actual footage of the wreckage at pearl harbor which gets your blood boiling,as it was obviously intended to do.

the movie 'gung ho!': the story of carlson's makin island raiders was made in 1943 with a view to go up the moral of american people at the duration of second world war. it shows with the better way that the cinema can constitute body of propaganda. the value of this film is only collection and no artistic. in a film of propaganda it is useless to judge direction and actors. watch that movie if you are interested to learn how propaganda functions in the movies or if you are a big fun of robert mitchum who has a small role in the film. if you want to see a film for the second world war, they exist much better and objective. i rated it 4/10.

should have been titled 'balderdash!' little in the film is true except the name of the island and the fact submarines were involved. little more than training film quality with poor camera work, muddy stock footage and perhaps the low point of stereotyping 'japs' with laughing japanese infantry, laughing japanese fighter pilots and one-dimensional square-jawed americans dying left and right. sixty years later it is unintentionally funny as an odd artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever is upon you. the plot and the dialogue remind me of playing guns on a summer's afternoon in my childhood, peering through the neighbor's hedge to gain a fatal advantage on my best friend steve and my little brother. in actual fact, the makin island raid was a near total failure with carlson and his men wandering around in the dark exchanging gunfire with shadows until finally, thirsty and completely disoriented, looking for someone to surrender to, before they happened upon some equally confused japanese soldiers who promptly surrendered to them! in the withdrawal several of carlson's marines ended up on another island and were abandoned! the film, of course, couldn't tell that story, not in 1943, so this bit of whimsy was fabricated and rushed into release to the beating of drums. with randolph scott, and his jaw, as colonel thorwald (carlson) leading a unit comprised almost entirely of stock caricatures, the green recruit (harry landon, robert mitchum), the grizzled veteran (j. carroll naish, milburn stone, sam levene), the country-bumpkin (rod cameron), the all-american boy (alan curtis), and scores of sneering (when they weren't laughing) 'japs'. and yet the cast nearly overcomes the material. almost. randolph scott's narrow range is well suited to his role of earnest commander and he is supported by a solid group of professionals who do their best with thin gruel. but in the end, the one-note object of the exercise wins. any pretense is totally abandoned at the close when randy scott simply looks directly into the camera and delivers a stirring (well sorta stirring) call to arms. the cast was better than this material. so was the audience. should be viewed with reefer madness and a bottle of moderately priced merlot.

after reading the reviews, it became obvious that everyone intellectualized this work. how utterly boring. oh how about the good ol' days and there was nothing like it. of all the comments no one expressed any emotion to this work or any other.i grew up just after the end of the steam age and this cinematic gem along with dan'l boone graced the saturday afternoon matinées. this was an annual movie that made the rounds and filled the seats with gabbing, yapping, farting, giggling, snot monsters like myself or was-self. and it was a movie theatre filler at the time. almost as big as the wizard of oz.imdb insists that every critique contains something about the plot. problem is was that it was rather a template. here goes. randolph scott (cowboy/hero)gathers friends and goes defeats those evil people. hooray! all of us kids figured out that plot before we plunked our quarter down to watch it. that was just about the plot line of every scott, john wayne, roy rogers film ever made. if you take the time to go back and review each and every movie - just don't ask for surprises.one must remember the context of the times. there was no or little tv. none for kids. there was school. there was the great outdoors. there were toy guns. no cyber time. and the steam age had just collapsed. but movies such as this provided the entertainment and filled the imaginations of young whippersnappers. even the girls got into it.this movie was the entertainment. and it is just as mindless as anything produced today. it had a purpose originally of being propaganda. but quickly came to be kids movies.our fathers had experienced the real thing. and it wouldn't be until sam peckinpah a decade later who finally lavished the red splashes of imitation blood in realistic and copious quantities. not until his directorship did anyone die slowly, with great pain and miserably. until peckinpah war and gun fights were a rather bloodless affair. thanks sam.to see a movie had little or no blood, the adults didn't mind. they wouldn't have tolerated it i think. no guts spraying the shattering plant life. so this movie had all of the glory and none of the gory. gung ho was suitable for kids then.you will see that i assigned a four to this rating. why would i do that? well. it is a terrible movie. no matter how i love it. i do love this movie because it brought back one of the happier moments of my childhood. but it is not all that good of a movie in quality terms. basically gung ho transitted to become a romance novel for children.should people watch it. of course. i am not saying to stay away. realistically however. the plot is simple. the characters shallow? they are shoals. you can love a bad movie.

dvd has become the equivalent of the old late night double-bill circuit, the last chance to catch old movies on the verge of being completely forgotten like the border. there were great expectations for this back in 1982  a script co-written by the wild bunch's walon green, jack nicholson in the days when he could still act without semaphore and a great supporting cast (harvey keitel, warren oates, valerie perrine), tony richardson directing (although he was pretty much a spent force by then)  but now it doesn't even turn up on tv. the material certainly offers a rich seam of possibilities for comment on the 80s american dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption, with nicholson's border patrolman turning a blind eye to the odd drug deal or bit of people trafficking to finance his wife's relentless materialism, until he rediscovers his conscience when he finds out his partners are also in the baby selling business. unfortunately, he never really gets his hands dirty, barely even turning a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface. the film feels always watered down as if too many rewrites and too many committees have left it neutered and, sadly, the recent dvd release is a missed opportunity to restore the original, nihilistic ending where nicholson goes over the edge and firebombs the border patrol station that was cut after preview audiences found it too downbeat but which still featured prominently in the film's trailers.while that probably wasn't too convincing considering how low-key nicholson's crisis of conscience is in the film, it had to be better than the crude reshot climax where the film abandons logic and even basic rules of continuity: at one point he's holding characters at gunpoint, then he's somewhere else and they're free trying to kill him, one character goes from injured at his house to hopping around like a gazelle on the banks of the rio grande while valerie perrine's character gets dumber on an exponential level. the villains of the piece are disposed of with absurd ease (and one impressive car stunt) in time for a clumsily edited happy ending and you start wondering if you somehow found yourself watching another film entirely. what makes it all the more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and underwhelming that the sudden lurch into melodrama is all the more jarring. unfortunately ry cooder's beautiful title song, across the borderline, says it all much more economically. but if you want to know the film's real crime, it's completely wasting the great warren oates in a nothing bit part. when even he can't make an impression, you know something's really wrong. all in all, all too easy to remember why i found this so forgettable at the time.

i gave this 3 stars out of a possible 10 - because the stories are open-ended and left unexplained, and because of the nauseating scenes of someone eating in an extremely disgusting way, plus scenes of a decaying corpse. neither of the above needed to be shown in such a graphic manner.the film's plot, such as it is, concerns three loosely interconnecting stories, none of which conclude satisfactorily.the bounty hunter, played by bruce dern, is the character that connects all three vignettes.first we have dylan mcdermott, looking darn fine, as a wanted criminal who is fleeing to mexico to escape both the law and the bounty hunter, when he rides through a border town and spots a sad-faced saloon girl played by helen hunt.then we have one of the hemingway girls, not sure which one, playing a western wife out on the lonely frontier who goes over to see about a neighbor woman, an attractive redhead, whom we soon realize has been out in the badlands a little too long.the conclusion of the film returns to the bounty hunter and what happens to him, with the final scene in the film being completely beyond rational comprehension.

