its spelled s-l-a-s-h-e-r-s. i was happy when the main character flashed her boobs. that was pretty tight. before and after that the movie pretty much blows. the acting is like e-list and it's shown well in the movie. not to mention it is so low budget that preacherman and chainsaw charlie are played by the same person. the whole movie looks like it was shot with a camcorder instead of half way decent film. the only other reason i liked the movie was because chainsaw charlie and doctor ripper were funny. they said many stupid things that made me laugh. other than that if you see this movie at blockbuster do everyone a favor hide it behind lawnmowerman 2. anybody that thinks this movie is good should be mentally evaluated.

slashers.....well if you like horrors its definitely one to see, otherwise don't even bother.it is completely obvious that this film has an extremely low budget, for instance it looks as if the entire film has been shot in a warehouse somewhere, and on numerous occasions you will see the mike boom shadow and the camera mans shadow, trust me you wont need to look for them.also try to ignore the cheesy actors, if thats what you call them!!the basic outline is a few people decide to go on a game show where they have to survive a night in a big maze due to their being 3 killers on the loose and whoever live's at the end gets rich. now there is something about this film that keeps you watching and rarely do you find that with a cheap budget horror these days,for example when i watched it i thought to my self i would'nt mind having a go at this game! especially for $12.000.000. so anyway i would recommend you watch it and make up your own mind.

i couldn't help but think of behind the mask: the rise of leslie vernon (a massively more amazing film) when watching this because of the realistic feel to it as well as the great innovative idea. this could have been a great film. the acting is...from some of the actors alright. from others...it's downright horrible.that aside the idea is great and the format is great. the story is pretty good as well, though suffering often from big blows to the logical mind.nevermind that though right? it is a horror movie after all.i really want to see this remade...i really want it to be the fantastic film that it wants to be.however (and you can't really fault the minds behind the movie for this) this is obviously built upon a shoe string budget. and the fx really hurt the film overall.great movie. ...if you were to swap out for some better acting and slightly better fx.whoever wrote it should keep going though, great idea here.

more wide-eyed, hysterical 50s hyper-cheerfulness that gives new meaning to anti-social, pathological behaviour. danza and grayson will leave you begging for mercy.it's a shame that all the people involved in the making of this movie are now dead (or in nursing homes). i kinda thought about suing them for torture. as this movie started unleashing its shamelessly aggressive operatic assault onto my poor, defenseless ear-drums, i felt instant, strong pain envelop my entire being. that damn muscular vibrato can shatter soviet tanks into tiny bits, nevermind glass."why didn't you switch the channel if you didn't like it?", you might ask angrily. fair point, fair point... the answer is that i wanted to, but the pain was so sudden and excruciating that i fell to the floor, writhing in agony. with my last ounces of energy, i tried to reach the remote but couldn't.a silly little fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by niven, who then proceeds to "pigmalionize" him. lanza is in love with asymmetrical grayson, but she predictably treats him with contempt until they finally hook up. this may seem like a rather thin plot, but this noisy movie is so chock-full of singing and music that there is barely any dialogue at all. this movie is relentless. forget about torturing hippies and war prisoners with slayer's "reign in blood" (as in a south park episode). whatever little conversation there is amongst the silly adults that infest this strange 50s musical world, it's all infantile - as if they were all 6 year-olds impersonating grown-ups. i can only envy people who find movies like this funny. it must be great being easy-to-please: what a world of wonder would open up to me if only i could enjoy any silly old gag as hilarious, gut-busting comedy. but let's examine this phenomenon, the 50s musical. my best guess is that 50s musicals offered the more day-dreaming idealists among us a glimpse into utopia or heaven (depending on whether you're church-going or lenin's-tomb-going), or at least very cheesy version of these fantasy-inspired places. ttono is more akin to a representation of hell, but that's just me. i don't seem to "get" musicals. people talk, there is a story - but then all-of-a-sudden everyone starts singing for about 4 minutes after which they abruptly calm down and then pretend as if nothing unusual happened! when you think about it, musicals are stranger than any science-fiction film.worse yet, ttono (my favourite type of pizza, btw) is not just a 50s musical, but one with opera squealing. opera is proof that there is such a thing as over-training a voice - to the point where it becomes an ear-piercing weapon rather than a means of bringing the listener pleasure. the clearest example of this travesty is when lanza and grayson unite their dark side vocal powers for a truly unbearable duet. i tried lowering the volume. i lowered it from 18 to 14. then from 14 to 10. then 8. i ended up lowering it to a 1, which is usually so low that it's only heard by specially-trained dogs and certain types of marsupials, and yet i still could hear those two braying like donkeys!take the scene in the small boat in the river. danza starts off with one of his deafening, brain-killing tunes, and then... nothing. no animals anywhere to be seen. even the crocodiles, who are mostly deaf, have all but left. if you look carefully, you might even see the trees change colour, from green to yellow, in a matter of minutes. no, this was not a continuity error, it was plain old torture of the flora. and those trees were just matte paintings! imagine how real trees would have reacted.the reason glass breaks when a high c is belched out of the overweight belly of an operatic screamer is not due to any laws of physics relating to waves and frequency, but because glass is only human - hence can take only so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self-explosion. i can listen to the loudest, least friendly death metal band for hours, but give me just a minute of a soprano and i get a splitting headache.

dull, flatly-directed "comedy" has zero laughs and wastes a great cast. alan alda wore too many hats on this one and it shows. newcomer anthony lapaglia provides the only spark of life in this tedium but it's not enough.one of those scripts that, if you were a neophyte and submitted it to an agent or producer, would be ripped to shreds and rejected without discussion.

one of the lamer wedding movies you'll see. smacks too too much of its time period so it was out of date before it hit the theaters. the ethnic stereotypes are like a henny youngman joke, except they just aint in the least bit funny here. molly ringwald, well what else needs to be said. give you a clue to the silliness, she destroys a $10,000 wedding dress, because "it just won't be me" makes it into this rag, with straps and puts on a top hat, and everyone smiles cutely at her moxy, rather than ringwalding her neck. its a helluva a cast too, check out how heavy ally sheedy is. wheeeew!

with this film, bunuel manipulates the viewer with all of film's might while stating clearly in the film that his work is one of 'objectivity'. obviously, it is not. for one reason, many scenes 'shot by pure chance' are obvious set-ups (when that poor goat 'accidently' falls off the cliff, you can actually see the gun smoke on the right of the screen!). for another, his concealing of one important information: the hurdes people were the way they were for a specific reason which is just hinted at in the film. that is, goitre, a sickness caused by lack of iodine (salt). this goitre is the cause of their cretinism and had bunuel only took the time to make his research (heck, if he checked 'cretinism' in a medical dictionary he'd have found 'goitre') he might have ended up telling the truth about these people (still, doubtfully). instead, with his film, he judges them constantly, talking about them as 'cretins', again and again, dramatizing the action, setting-up scenes to create the spectacle, all of this very unacceptable for a documentarist which claims to work for an all-mighty objectivity. bunuel talks all the time in this film, not letting one word to the people he is filming. he talks for them and, even then, judges them. this piece is flawed to it's roots, to it's ideology and it's a real shame it's considered a great film.

probable reasons why so many people on this site have enjoyed this:1. they might not have read the book. 2. they might enjoy gore and violence in a film. 3. they might be very young and therefore not understand the violence. 4. people might not understand how somehow more scary and more violent it is compared to the original book. 5. there are sure to be many other reasons not covered here.the only thing i liked about this film is the song "'bright eyes".if perchance, you happen to be one of those people who has read the book, enjoys calm and peaceful films without violence and are quite old and understand scariness and violence, you are sure not to like this. otherwise you will almost definitely enjoy this.like in the book, a rabbit called fiver in an unsuspecting warren warns of terrible danger to come. only a few rabbits - including his brother hazel - believe him and they set out on a dangerous journey to find a new place to live...

ok, i know that a lot of people will probably resent this review as watership down is a "classic" and a standard part of most people's childhood, but seeing this film for the first time at the tender age of 18, i must admit: i really hated it.we watched this film because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it, and many people who whimpered at the very words "watership down"- their memories of seeing the film as children and having their emotions torn at the seams- recommended it. to be honest, i wish i hadn't bothered. i gave it the benefit of the doubt; generally i don't like to stop watching a film half way through. this was an exception. it was really, really, excruciatingly, sickeningly dull. this film was possibly the slowest thing i've ever watched (imagine a doped-up snail in space), and really didn't "do it" for me. the art was alright; the backgrounds were nicely made if not a little bland and twee, yet the rabbits themselves were not very endearing and the animation was quite jumpy and poorly produced.i'm not going to go into huge details about the storyline; basically it is the tale of a group of rabbits who leave their warren due to the infiltration of humans in the area. generally a moralistic story about the perils of human interactions on the environment, it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message across. for me, i kind of wished that they would get gassed, not because i'm a horrible sadistic person, but because the characters were uninspiring, annoying, dull and generally quite rude (oh i'm so terribly english). i found that i was constantly looking at the clock whilst watching the film, and it took a whole 20 minutes or so before anything actually happened, and even that was a terrible anticlimax.if i were to praise it in any way, i'd have to admit that the concept of showing children the perils of building on the countryside and hopefully unveiling the arrogance of humans etc etc is quite well-meaning. maybe it is all in general sanctimonious and preachy, but the message it's trying to put forth is good in its nature. the musical score was not bad, too.so, to conclude, this film is pretty poor. i couldn't watch it the whole way through, or i'd probably be forced to eat my own legs in sheer boredom. granted, it isn't "torque" bad, but it still doesn't rate highly in my eyes, so i've given it a 2/10.hope this helps.

i saw this movie as a very young girl (i'm 27 now) and it scared me witless for years. i had nightmares about every aspect of this film from the way it was drawn to the music to (obviously) the violence. my parents still argue about who allowed me to watch it and both of them say that they would never let me watch such a movie. i think they only say that knowing that i have such strong feelings about it ;0) i am currently reading the book (out of morbid curiosity and the fact that it's a classic) and it is really a great story. however i don't think that it should have been made into a cartoon. ever. well, maybe kids nowadays would find it quaint but it gave me nightmares for weeks and weeks and i still have a hard time seeing rabbits drawn in a similar way. gives me a little heart palpitation every time. yah i am a wuss but i strongly suggest that any parent looking to show this movie to their kids, read them the book instead or watch it first to make certain that they approve of the content. not everyone finds it as disturbing as i did but we are out there ;0)

firstly, i am not easily scared by... anything except for my few phobias, but this movie is absolutely horrific. this is not appropriate for children at all! i had my mouth open the whole time it just shocked me i. couldn't believe how gory it was for a children's movie, bunnies being brutally murdered! it's just unnecessary to be so horrifying and be rated g. i recommend being over 8 to see this. but don't get me wrong, it was probably a good movie if i wasn't scarred mentally as a child. i cannot believe a parent would allow a, let's say, 4 year old child to watch this. it's just to intense and complicated, not to forget gory, for young kids. i'm wayy over 4 and i was shocked by the violence. i don't recommend

so... it's really sexist, and classist, and i thought that it might not be in the beginning stages of the movie, like when stella tells steven that she would really like to change herself and begin speaking in the right way and he tells her not to change. well, he certainly changed his tune, and it seems that the other reviewers followed suit. what at the beginning appears to be a love story is really about social placement and women as sacrificial mothers. the end of the movie does not make her a hero, it makes the whole thing sad. and its sad that people think it makes her a hero. perhaps that is the comment of the movie that people should take away. positive reception reflects continual patriarchal currents in the social conscience. yuck.

i should love this movie . the acting is very good and barbara stanwyck is great but the the movie has always seemed very trite to me . the movie makes working class people look low and cheap .the fact that the daughter is ashamed of her mother and that the daughter does not rise above it has always made me a bit uneasy . barbara stanwyck as the mother worships the daughter but the daughter forgoes a mothers love to find happiness with her well to do fathers family . i wonder how many others who have seen this film feel this way about it.again the acting was very very good and worth watching . i really don't like the story line . just a personal preference .thank you

this movie is great, mind you - but only in the way it tells a very bad story. stella is so terribly crude, and never learns better. her husband is incredibly snobby and small-minded. neither ever learns better. is this realistic? somehow, stella understands that her daughter is ashamed of her gaudy manners & dress, yet cannot understand that she just needs to tone it all down? i don't think so. stella is a good woman, and a very good mother. giving up herself, so her daughter can be associated with a bunch of bigoted snobs is disgusting. much of what we see might have been normal for the times - people having a beer or two, enjoying a player piano, dancing - but it is made out to be some sort of moral inferiority. "i can't have our child living this way!" spare me. this story tells me one thing: that the unwashed working class cannot ever hope to aspire to the heights of the upper classes. and that is simply a load of hogwash.

a very tired looking burt reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to "the iranians." low-rent video nonsense by the producers of "silk stalkings" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged "drama"...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. burt still has presence, although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked "one-liners".

about three minutes into this thing i started fast-forwarding, pausing only during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). in ten minutes i was done, and wishing i could get my money back from the rental store. the people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the mpaa. come on writers - the bad guys always get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! that's the way its been done since the days of the ottoman empire! also, to add insult to injury, the "twist" at the end was so formulaic, that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years. burt reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.this movie is just a waste of time - run away! run away!

i am a big 1930's movie fan and will watch most anything that i see on turner classic movies thats new for me. so i gave this a shot, after all it's the great harold lloyd who rivaled chaplin as a great silent film comedian. i have watched much less of lloyd's silent films then of chaplins but i have to say i'm a much bigger chaplin fan. anyway this film fell so flat for me that i didn't finish it. i can understand why his sound career was so limited, he didn't get very good material to work with. after you've seen chaplin, abbott and costello, the three stooges, martin and lewis, the marx brothers, and laurel and hardy do boxing spoofs (or violence in general), this one is very forgettable. i was also interested in watching adolphe menjou as i really enjoyed him in paths of glory but his role here also did nothing special for me. maybe they should have gotten into the boxing sooner because at least half the film (at least it seemed that way) is before he gets in a ring. i can tell there are a lot of lloyd fans here and this wont be a popular review but i must rate this as compared to what else was out there at the time, 4 out of 10. don't watch this with anyone your trying to get to like old movies as they may not watch another one with you again, very flat. for an alternative to anyone who really liked this or is looking for more little known comedies in general i recommend "kelly the second" made a few years earlier, another nobody becomes a boxer comedy with patsy kelly and in a supporting role charles chase. these have both been shown on the turner classic movies channel.

don't get fooled with all the big names like burt reynolds,james woods and anne archer. they are just glorified extra's. their scenes were probably filmed in one day or so. whatever their motives for being in this movie, if you have an actor like james woods you better make good use of him. to me this is a sign of bad direction through and through. the plot itself wasn't that bad. and the acting from most of the actors was above average. cuba gooding jr. however was terrible. he was so unbelievable that i almost laughed at his dramatic scenes. and since this was meant as a serious movie that can't be a good thing. the action scenes were not bad,but they lacked that special punch to make it more exciting. again better direction was needed. also the pacing was wrong for a movie like this. it took the main character almost half an hour to get in action. for an action thriller of only 90 minutes that is far too slow. the only redeeming factor is angie harmon. she does her best to make it all work. too bad the director left her hanging. yes,this movie could have been much better with a great director. andy cheng is far too inexperienced as a director to pull it off. and for an action/stunt coordinator of his caliber you'd expect at least more exciting action scenes. don't waste your time with this one. avoid!

this movie had some great actors in it! unfortunately they had forgotten how to act. i was hoping the movie would get better as it went along but the acting was so robotic it was doomed from the very start. it actually appeared that maybe the actors were reading from a script the whole time. maybe it was the musical score or the director himself, but one thing is for sure the make-up artist needs to get another job ! the facial powder was so thick you could see it caked on the actors faces ! would not recommend this movie to anyone, no wonder it never hit the theaters. cuba gooding jr. / james woods shame on you guys for not giving it your all. the plot was great just needed a whole lot more.

an ensemble of uninteresting and unlikeable characters twist and turn their way through a flimsy plot that might be interesting, if only you could bring yourself to care. this "twisting and turning" i speak of refers not to the story (which contains all the suspense of a recipe for tuna casserole) but to the director's inability to keep the characters' faces even remotely centered in the frame. on the other hand, angie harmon has very nice nostrils and left ear.the only real surprise in the movie is the big names they convinced to do it. when you consider this movie was never released in theaters despite having an all-star cast, you might be inclined to think something stinks.and indeed, it does.

flat characters that you do not and never will care about. cringe-inducing dialogue at places. no twists (they think they have one, but if you didn't figure it out after about 40mins you're not too bright). lots of well know actors in roles and performances that, fortunately for everyone involved, will be forgotten as soon as the end credits roll.i don't mind 'slow' movies, but they've got to be going _somewhere_. this one doesn't.the plot wasn't what made this a direct-to-dvd movie, that's just a rather convenient excuse to try and drum up some fake controversy.the as-of-writing 37(!) ten (10) ratings must be from people involved with the production.

mst 3000 should do this movie. it is the worst acted movie i have ever seen. first of all, you find out that the shooter has no bank account and no history since leaving the army in 1993 and pays his rent in cash. there is no way in hell that a person like that would ever be allowed to be that close to a president not to mention a high profile job. also, the head of security for the pothus would not be so emotional that he would start drinking into a haze if the president was shot. this movie sucked. i cannot express the extremite that this movie was. every single actor was terrible. even the chick at the trailer park. i crap on this garbage. what a waste of time.

it had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance. the plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie i felt like a sucker for watching it. the production was good; however, the script and acting were b-movie quality. the casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors. the good actors didn't hold their own nor did they lift up the others. this movie is not worthy of more words, but i will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. james wood and cuba gooding, jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies. if you are looking for mindless entertainment, i still wouldn't recommend this movie.

this movie was like a bad indie with a-list talent. the plot was silly, all the way to the end. it reminded me very much of something churned out for the home video market in the 1980's. i would have given it a one, but there were brief moments when you could see the actors really really straining to make this worthwhile. i think the worst thing was the underwater scene's held off of the dock. the underwater lighting seemed to come from no were, and whenever someone we were supposed to care about was close to running out of air, this air tank would kind of appear. i would avoid this, unless there is nothing else on the shelf. good day.

this version is pretty insipid, i'm afraid. jane eyre is one of my favorite books and has been since childhood, but william hurt's weary, throwaway acting style is completely unsuitable to the bold passion of edward rochester and poor charlotte gainsbrough looks like a bored, petulant teenager whose dental braces hurt! i also can't believe that they eliminated edward's great marriage proposal scene from the end of the book, one of the most moving moments in literature. i do appreciate that they finally used such a young, plain woman to play jane, a character who is supposed to be a worldly 18, but if you want to see a version that closer approximates the personalities and passions of the novel, please see the 70's version with george c. scott and susannah york. york was too old, tall and pretty to play jane, but no one has touched rochester's character the way that scott did.

what made the idea of seeing this movie so attractive was the hope that it would live up to charlotte bronte's brilliance of the original classic story. i was deeply disappointed to find that this movie, which seemed to be either written or filmed in great haste, had not the qualities that made the original novel so powerful. much of the witty back and forth between the main characters, jane eyre and mr. rochester, seemed to be either missing from the screenplay or left on the cutting room floor. also missing was jane eyre's charismatic sense of self, which enabled her to suffer through her turmoil and triumph over all. the original jane eyre was a hero. the woman in this movie did not seem to have much to triumph over, including one of the greatest parts of the story when jane runs away from thornfield and mr. rochester. her struggle to find food and shelter, her shame at having to beg for bread, the threat of freezing to death in the cold, all to get away from a man she loved were, in my opinion, poignant parts of the story that were simply left out of this movie. the title character seemed dry and uninspired. the story was unappealing and for those who did not read the book, i cannot imagine that this story would be the least bit interesting. the screenplay and direction did little if any credit to the classic story.

i can't say this is the worst film of all time, but only because there are still some movies i haven't seen, yet! this has to be the most pretentious attempt at making a movie of all time! the director suffers from the same issues he had with "there will be blood" (though he wasn't quite as bad in that film. the whole movie it feels like you're watching a guy trying to hard to impress beyond his abilities. it's like he sits in his little director's chair and thinks "how would a great filmmaker handle this scene?" he just doesn't have it in him. i don't know if this film could be saved by a great filmmaker. there were certainly some nuggets of greatness that could have been polished, but nothing was brought to ripen. the scene where all the characters are singing was the worst moment in cinema history. one by one as we see the characters singing, and i squirmed in my seat, i kept saying "please, please, just don't have the guy on the brink of death singing, too!" sure enough, massive failure!

this ambitious film suffers most from writer/director paul thomas anderson's delusions of grandeur. highly derivative of much better material (altman's "nashville," lumet's "network"), this lumbering elephant takes far too long to get nowhere. a couple of misguided detours along the way (an embarrassing musical interlude, a biblical plague) don't help matters. neither does the uneven level of performances. especially bad: william h. macy, whose character and storyline could easily have been eliminated altogether; julianne moore, for her unconvincing angst. and how many times must we see john c. reilly's sad sack shtick ("chicago" and "the hours" will suffice)? tom cruise comes off well by comparison – his misogynist, foul-mouthed holy roller was rather amusing. speaking of foul mouths, the script was so loaded with "f" bombs, they lost their impact in no time. don't even talk about that awful soundtrack, full of insipid and annoying vocals by aimee mann. her extended rendition of "one," a maudlin number to begin with, drove me to distraction at the start of the film. i should have heeded the handwriting on the wall and saved myself three more hours, by which time i'd been pushed to the brink of hell. one redeeming feature, which i haven't seen mentioned in other reviews, is the best performance in the bunch, by unknown melora walters in the role of claudia, the damaged coke fiend bent on self-destruction. her credibility exceeded all others by far. this film took itself way too seriously and just didn't know when to end.

that's not just my considered verdict on this film, but also on the bulk of what has been written about it. now don't get me wrong here either, i'm not a total philistine, i didn't hate the movie because it wasn't enough like 'police academy 9' or whatever, i enjoy more than my fair share of high brow or arty stuff, i swear.'magnolia' is poor, and i am honestly mystified as to why it is seemingly so acclaimed. long winded, self indulgent, rambling nonsense from start to finish, there is just so little that could credibly be what people so love about the movie. there's some high calibre actors fair enough, and none turns in an average or worse performance. furthermore, my wife (a self confessed tom cruise hater) tells me it's his career best performance by far. but the plot is so completely unengaging, meandering between the stories of several loosely connected characters at such a snail's pace that even when significant life changing events are depicted they seem so pointless and uninteresting you find yourself crying out for someone to get blown up or something.it doesn't help that none of the characters are very easy to identify or empathise with (well i didn't think so, but i don't like most people admittedly). they all play out their rather unentertaining life stories at great length, demonstrating their character flaws and emotions in ever-so intricate detail and playing out their deep and meaningful relationships to the nth degree with many a waffling soliloquy en route. yadda yadda yadda. the soundtrack's dire as well, with that marrow-suckingly irritating quality that i had hitherto thought unique to the music of alanis morisette.all in all, it was about as enjoyable a three hours as being forced to repeatedly watch an episode of 'friends' whilst being intermittently poked in the ribs by a disgruntled nanny goat. the bit with the frogs is good though.

magnolia presents itself as a wall to wall canvas of screaming, shrieking, overwrought, hysterical twits who are all bedeviled by regret, guilt and pain. pt anderson is certainly a gifted filmmaker but perhaps he should leave the writing to someone else or at least find someone with the balls to tell him he needed to edit this overlong mess.a look at the cast will tell you that the performances were excellent, and they were. i just wish that every scene didn't involve an over the top shouting match or long digression into the sins that have been committed and the pain that they have caused.i also think that anderson fails miserably to create a story that parallels the bizarre tableaus that open the film. the opening sequences are wonderful in showing how fate can bring together people and circumstances that even the most optimistic believer in a cosmic puppeteer pulling our strings would scoff at. but the story that then develops lacks any of the stuff that these opening fables display. i kept waiting for some form of cosmic convergence to display itself, but instead all we get is waves of regret from morally challenged characters who see their past spread out before them and now seek absolution. throw in an out of left field biblical plague near the end and all you end up with is a cadre of anderson devotees who will marvel at his genius when all it really proves is that he has actually read the old testament.i will say that the music by aimee mann was great and i'll be looking for the soundtrack cd. in short, a good movie to look at and listen to (the music, that is) if the actors would have shut up or toned it down it may have been

1999 will go down in history as the year the movie critic lead the general public astray. first they sent us to eyes wide shut. then they hyped up the blair witch project and now magnolia which is by far the worst movie of the year. what is it about? who the heck knows. its full of self-indulgence and loaded with bad acting. i always like to stay and watch the credits, but when this thing was over i couldn't get out of the movie theatre fast enough. most of the audience that attended the showing that i was at, felt pretty much the same way. dates were arguing with each other as well as strangers. it's an ugly and hateful film that will make you feel ugly and hateful.

my guess is that this director/writer had something to say. let's see, what it could have been... a. frog storms would be creepy? b. can i get someone like tom cruise to say the "c" word many times and look like a bad patrick rafter? c. cast my wife and get her to say the "f" word every 2 seconds. this aside i really liked the beginning and the frog storm. the rest was a relentless, over-long (under-edited), over-indulgent failure. glad so many of you enjoyed it! 

normally i dont have a problem with gratuitous swearing in films, but this one really annoyed me. all they did was swear. for the whole film. (and, as someone else noted, get cancer) it was boring, rambling and pretentious. i wouldnt if i were you. its also not that i dont like films which, as most people who like it will claim 'observe life'. i love eat drink man woman, and all that happens in that is that a load of taiwanese people lead their lives. but i could relate to them. i have never met anyone who swore as much as the 'actors' in this film, and i used to work on a construction site. so go figure. having said that william h. macy made me grin. once. 2/10. avoid, unless you enjoy tedium.

i wanted to like magnolia. the plot reminded me of grand canyon (which i liked). 4 different lives/stories that come together at the end but magnolia took a wrong turn halfway through the movie and i was lost. i almost turned it off right then and there but i felt i should hang in there until the end, little did i know it would be another torturous 1 1/2 hours. thank god i rented instead of seeing it in the theatre. i almost screamed out in frustration after 2 hours. the biggest kick in the pants was the ending frog scene. my dvd player still hasn't forgiven me and i don't blame it one bit. it was a unique movie, but a bad, boring, and pointless movie.

sorry did i miss something? did i walk out early? the first ten minutes of unusual (and untrue!) stories had me thinking "this is going to be a classic" but it was all down hill from there! the acting was brilliant, for what it's worth william h macy is fantastic and just gets better and better every film i watch him in. but it never seemed to connect. i was waiting for the big moment where all the stories inter connect and then suddenly..it rains frog?? it was if the writer said "i've gone to deep how can i pull all these stories together cleverely....oh sod it i'll just have it raining frogs". i like clever movies, i like strange movies but this was just odd and boring. 4/10

great cast. great acting. unpredictable story line for the first halfhour or so. i was really wanting to know what was going tohappen to each of these unredeeming characters, and how theirseemingly disparate lives would become intertwined. but whenthe writers took out the glue to start connecting the players, theymistakenly used super glue and brought the movie to a standstillfor the last two hours. i kept thinking it would get better, but it onlygot worse. don't believe the reviews. this is a waste of time. think about it -- tom cruise made ugly -- why? the gorgeoushunky bartender wearing braces -- why? i know it had to do withthe plot, but without them, at least there would have been oneattractive cast member to remember.

"magnolia" is a preposterous, bewildering acting showcase that adds up to very little. like "eyes wide shut," "magnolia" is an aimless series of episodes without any concern for coherence. the camera swoops through hallways and corridors, catching glimpses of sad characters. where is the reason to care for these people? the common theme seems to be people who yell a lot, who can't care for others (except for john c. reilly's and philip seymour hoffman's characters), and are self-destructive jerks who are either falling to pieces or dying. i was reminded of how much i disliked "shine" because of the irredeemable monster of a father played by armin mueller-stahl. there are so many unattractive, unappealing characters here, why would we want to spend time with them?having said that, there is nothing held back about "magnolia." paul thomas anderson's ideas are splashed onto his canvas with abandon. there are two ideas in particular that bomb. both happen in the last hour of this 188-minute film. one has the camera flipping from one character to another while each one sings one of aimee mann's coffeehouse folk songs. sweet, but ineffectual since we can't see what strings them all together. the other idea i refer to cannot be revealed other than to say it is completely unexpected and completely ridiculous."magnolia" has a lot of great acting. particularly tom cruise who unleashes a performance i didn't know he had in him. and john c. reilly plays maybe the most decent and truly good cop in recent memory. but it all adds up to nothing. when the secret unexpected event happened, a girl behind me in the theatre couldn't hold it in any more and said, "this is stupid!" my feeling is the majority of moviegoers will agree.

i can't tell you how angry i was after seing this movie. the characters are not the slightest bit interesting, and the plot is non-existant. so after waiting to see how the lives of these characters affected each other, hoping that the past 2 and a half hours were leading up to some significant finish, what do we get??? a storm of frogs. now yes, i understand the references to the bible (exodus) and the underlying theme, but first of all, it was presented with absolutely no resolution, and second of all it would be lost to anyone who has not read the bible (a significant portion of the population) or charles fort (a still larger portion). as a somewhat well read person, i thought this movie was a self indulgent poor imitation of a seinfeld episode.don't waste your time. it would be better spent reading......well anything to be honest

the minute you give an 'art film' 1/10, you have people baying for your ignorant, half-ass-ed, artistically retarded blood. i won't try and justify how i am not an aesthetically challenged retard by listing out all the 'art house cinema' i have liked or mentioning how i gave some unknown 'cult classic' a 10/10. all i ask is that someone explain to me the point, purpose and message of this film.here is how i would summarize the film: opening montage of three unrelated urban legends depicting almost absurd levels of co-incidence. this followed by (in a nutshell, to save you 3 hours of pain) the following - a children's game show host dying of lung cancer tries to patch things up with his coke-addicted daughter, who he may or may not have raped when she was a child, and who is being courted by a bumbling police officer with relationship issues, while the game-show's star contestant decides that he doesn't want to be a failed child prodigy, a fate which has befallen another one of the game show contestants from the 60s, who we see is now a jobless homosexual in love with a bartender with braces and in need of money for 'corrective oral surgery', while the game show's producer, himself dying of lung cancer, asks his male nurse to help him patch up with the son he abandoned years ago, and who has subsequently become a womanizing self help guru, even as mr. producer's second wife suffers from guilt pangs over having cheated a dying man; and oh, eventually, it rains frogs (you read correctly). and i am sparing you the unbelievably long and pointless, literally rambling monologues each character seems to come up with on the fly for no rhyme or reason other than, possibly, to make sure the film crosses 3 hours and becomes classified as a 'modern epic'. you are probably thinking that i could have done a better job of summarizing the movie (and in turn of not confusing you) if i had written the damn thing a little more coherently, maybe in a few sentences instead of just one... well, now you know how i feel.

this was shown on the biography channel and was about as informative as a children's comic! i gave it 2 out of 10 for it's attention to detail because for the most part it had a 70s feel to it and the three ladies that played the original three angels looked like them so the make-up was good.this was supposed to be a biography on the biography channel but it was void of everything that is normally / usually seen in one of their biographies. no interviews with surviving cast members, crew members, production team members etc., or their friends, families, and any biographers of those people. in fact i know just as much now about the programme as i did before i watched this film that was based on the (supposedly) biographical book. as for actually learning something that no-one knew about the program and wasn't common knowledge well that never happened.

i happened to love the show growing up, along with millions of others. so i tuned in to this movie, thinking if not good it might be at least a bit dazzling and fun.wrong! i just have to wonder, at the end of this, was charlie's angels really that boring? i don't seem to remember it as such. but this movie, as bad as movies of this type can be, bore little resemblance to the excitement of that time period and show. i did see it all, in spite of the negatives, it wasn't unwatchable. but it was very bland, which i do not fault the performers for at all, particularly the women who played the angels as they really did look like them. the movie just wasn't that interesting. it tried to make each angel a "character". (one angel is to feisty, one is the "good girl", one is to into her husband....),all characters were portrayed with one major characteristic defining them and little depth beyond stereotypes. the excitement of the show was missing and the dialog was....dialog. that's pretty much it.not awful. not the worst of tv movies. but missable.

it was everything this isn't: it had pace, pop, and actors who weren't afraid to chew the scenery. it also had a decent script. this one had me scratching my head. if farrah isn't really "serious" about a career, why does she have a manager (and why is he wasting his time)? if kate and barney are "artists," why do they sign up for the mother of all jiggle shows (like the "brady bunch" movie where robert reed wants to do shakespeare, only to find himself on bb)? they weren't industry names, but they weren't exactly starving, either. and while they got the history right (the poster was released before farrah got the show), silverman rejecting pitches for "funniest home videos" and "american idol" and spelling promising his baby girl tori someday he'll create a show for her obviously did not happen.what bothered me was how spelling's role is distorted. he's shown as the show-runner and creator when he was neither. and how he "comes up" with the "idea" for ca was is laughable!how were spelling and goldberg allowed to enforce farrah's oral contract when the others were signed? and why didn't farrah or bernstein tell them she was leaving not because she discovered her inner diva, but because majors wanted her to? this is why, when it tries tries to created conflict and tension by setting farrah up as the "bad girl" (like suzanne somers), it fails because the groundwork was never laid -- that was where the "three's company" pic delivered.

noting the cast, i recently watched this movie on tcm, hoping for an under-appreciated gem, as i regard many films from the 30's. this is no gem - not even semi-precious. the anachronistic clothing and 1930's rolls royce limo hit you immediately. the casting is strange, also. but mostly, there are too many dumb and unnecessary plot devices. this film has lots of good ingredients and a basic plot that holds promise, but the components aren't mixed according to the right recipe. it simply doesn't come together like it should. and that's a shame. with a few rather obvious, but minor alterations, this might have been a very good movie.the film is about an american showgirl (jean harlow) seeking a rich british husband - preferably from the nobility. she meets franchot tone and his buddy, who are on a lark in a rolls royce owned by his buddy's employer. harlow mistakenly assumes tone is the lord who owns the rolls, and she sets her sights on him. this early part of the film is a light comedy of no real distinction. however, tone unwittingly uncovers the fact that his employer is actually a german 5th columnist on the eve of wwi, and that is when the movie changes tone altogether and begins to fall apart. tone and harlow are married, but just as the honeymoon begins, he is gunned down by a mata hari-type (benita hume), and harlow flees the scene, with a bystander accusing her of tone's murder. (in fact, tone recovers from the wounds.)harlow flees to france, where she falls in love again - this time with a wealthy french cad (cary grant). tone, now in the army, and harlow are unexpectedly brought back together in grant's hospital room where he is in rehab from a plane crash. in the following scene, tone accuses harlow of abandoning him because she is essentially a gold-digger. harlow never explains about the witness' accusing her of murder and her panic! that is one of those unreal, movie-plot-device break-downs in the story.then tone is also brought back into contact with the woman (hume) who shot him. she is on hand to watch her paramour, grant, test the new plane that tone has delivered to him from england. incredibly, both hume and tone dimly recognize each other, but simply can't place where from! okay, so tone was shot and almost died; perhaps his memory is a little out of whack. but how many men did hume shoot that she would forget one of her marks? (she does not seem to be faking the memory lapse.)this is inexplicable and unnecessary. hume should have absolutely recognized him, but played it coy when she realized that tone wasn't able to place her. that would have been a much better treatment of that issue.the finale also is very unsatisfying. the movie, as made, has tone and harlow conspiring to preserve the good reputation of the cad, grant, leading to his fraudulent burial as a hero. then harlow and tone just walk away. it is noble to preserve the french public's perception of their national war hero, but very unsatisfying as a love story!what the film begs for is this: harlow explains that she fled in a panic in the face of accusations of murder; tone forgives her and quietly rekindles his love for her; he then carries a torch for her, even while helping her to rig the crash site to preserve grant's reputation. meanwhile, harlow finally recognizes grant for the cad he is. then having seen tone for the brave and noble man he is, harlow rekindles feelings for him, too. at film's end, the two of them become reconciled even as they work together to rig the appearance of grant's death. after grant's hero's burial, we see them embrace and kiss at the fade-out. that would have made a nice little movie. for cary grant fans, it would have been even better had tone played the french cad who is killed and grant the long-suffering first husband, reunited with harlow.it is incomprehensible that franchot tone is cast as the irishman living in england, while cary grant is cast as the frenchman. this movie would have been much better had they reversed roles. that also would have been more conducive to the film that should have been...

this may have been made for the hell of it, but it was most probably the worst film i've seen in years, the best thing about the entire dvd would be the case!!! i'm surprised that people took the time to make something so rubbish and yet spend money on it too, i'm glad i only rented. i suppose the real fans of this film would probably have to be sadistic and gothic to care about it without taking in any cgi or any other effects for that matter, i hope alex chandon learnt a lesson about lighting and sfx to make a better film in the future, that is, if he is still in work.notes to buyers this is extremely disappointing, don't buy it!!!!!

sadly,this is not 'the best british gore film since hellraiser', though the dvd cover claims this, which is what tricked me into buying it. it is, however, an homage to many of the great horrors of old, films from most notably the amicus stable.cradle... is shot on mini dv, which though we all know has more of a tv feel than a movie, can be done so much better. every scene, set and shot looks like it has been lit in exactly the same way (standard key, fill, rear setup), which only enhances the cheap look of the finished piece. the gore content is, quite frankly, laughable. from the opening shots where we see a man's obviously foam rubber head torn apart, through to tacky cheap prop hammers, the creature effects and the terrible cg, there was nothing in there that impressed me at all.the acting is abominable, from the near-comatose detective to the brummie dwarf, via dani filth, the least convincing horror movie bad guy i have ever witnessed. each of the substories is more formulaic than the last, and the sets get worse and worse as the movie runs. look out for the 'mental asylum' - a georgian semi detached house with a bad cg sign outside, and the most bizarre (and not in a good way) padded cell i have seen.it took me four attempts to get to the end of the film without my attention wandering (nay, running) away at any available opportunity. i actually found myself dusting at one point while the film was running.it does, however, mark one of the last known appearances of emily booth's breasts, which i guess is one (um, two) things it has going for it. once that's out of the way though, it is all downhill.i've heard people say good things about alex chandon, and i would love to believe them, but on this evidence i'm not likely to. if you want a decent homage to amicus, avoid this and go for the league of gentlemen christmas special instead.currently battling it out with blair witch 2: book of shadows for the title of worst film i have ever seen.

it surprisingly had a plot! ;) i've seen movies with less plot (i don't wanna mention asian movies but...). i thought the camera wasn't bad at all for a cheap movie like this, and also the atmosphere wasn't too bad. there is no real reason for most things people do and the way they react to what happens. although i do think that about a lot of movies, in this case it was horrible, of course.it ripped off some movies so badly just for single scenes. the acting was bad but i've seen worse. the movie was bad but i've seen worse. watching this film is an experience between boredom, laughing fits, death wish, sadism, horniness and entertainment on a low level.so if you like gory movies with stupid plots this one is the right film for you.i gave it 3/10, because it can be entertaining if you don't expect to see a good movie and you're in the right mood.

not since caligula have i considered turning off the movie half-way through....but then with this one, i was only 15 minutes in when i considered. unfortunately, i did make it all the way through. make sure that you do not.it's not that cradle of fear is shocking or gory or scary or frightening or sexual. it's that it's not any of those things, yet it so desperately wants to be all of them. instead, it's boring, trite, ordinary, predictable, and unexceptionally poorly executed (shot on video, high school special effects, no sense of even basic visual storytelling, dialog barely audible...not that it's worth hearing, though).this movie is proof for the argument that even the straight-to-video distributors need to draw a line in the sand somewhere.

the directors cut version, which was the one i saw, was very long for this type of movie. almost two hours is way too long. if you have the choice, definitely go for the non-directors cut.the main plot is almost not taken up at all, the movie consists to the main part of several murder scenes, which are connected but the feeling is that they're only shown in order to fill the movie with splatterish violence. the connection is not revealed until the latter part and the lack of context bored me out long before i was there.as a horror movie it doesn't work. you never get the required feel for the characters due to mediocre acting and the general disposition (character is presented, 15 minutes later character is dead). this pictures strong side lies in the splatter part.

by all accounts, this could have been an interesting film. featuring a score by the mighty cradle of filth, starring their frontman dani and being hyped up as "the future of british horror", i expected alex chandon's gore fest to live up to the hype.i was wrong.everything about this film is either cliche or inept. the short story anthology setup was done to death (and much better) in the seventies and eighties. admittedly, the idea of 'the sick room' did send a chill down my spine, but as with most of the film was let down by bad script writing and acting.chandon cannot write dialogue. every sentence with the main police investigator is brim full with swearing and insolence (the typical 'cop on the edge' formula. funny, i'm sure i've seen that somewhere else before...) no chandon, you are not tarantino. or scorsese. it sounds bad. add ludicrously ott acting with very dodgy casting (don't get me wrong, dani filth is a great singer and musician, but actor he ain't) and the performances are beyond laughable to the vein burstingly cringing. give me bruce campbell any day.the visual effects are on the whole poor, with some atrocious cgi, awful gore effects (for goodness sakes, peter jackson did better and that was over ten years ago with less budget) and editing filters that shriek over-use! as for the often mistimed use of cradle of filth's score... man, they should sue.the fundamental problem with cradle of fear is that it takes itself seriously, trying to build atmosphere and incite terror and repulsion within its audience. too many good horror films made in the seventies and eighties do this so much better with far superior gore effects (eg: maniac, zombie flesh eaters, the beyond, suspiria etc), rendering cradle of fear, in my mind, second-rate and obsolete.i hope chandon can learn from this hideous ghoul of a film and go on to make some quality horror that actually scares.better luck next time.

normally when i go on a raid of the local hollywood video i head towards the b-horror movies. to me the basic principals behind a b-horror movie is it's camp value, heavy gore, lots of needless nudity, and special effects that anyone can put together with a pack of corn syrup and latex. i rented cradle of fear strictly because i've been a fan of the band since they released they're first demo in 1995. the movie started off on an interesting note and then when i saw dani filth stomp on an extremely obvious latex mask i laughed. when i saw the lesbian sex scene for the sake of a lesbian sex scene i laughed even harder. i spent pretty much the entire movie laughing and when i wasn't laughing i was shaking my head thinking about how a multi-million dollar rock star would want to make a movie that seemed like it was on a budget of multi-hundreds of dollars. the whole point of this movie to me seemed to attract the "hardcore goth kids who think death, destruction, sex, blood, and satan are the greatest things invented since lava lamps. that was really it. to me this movie seemed like 80.5% of the things that happened in this movie just happened for the sake of being satanic. this movie had a lot of potential and really could have been a real good movie but in the end this "movie" really is just an extended cradle of filth video.

this movie has a few things going for it right off the bat. having dani filth as a lead actor is automatically going to make some people like this movie. admittedly, i love cradle of filth and listened to the soundtrack to this movie long before i watched it. dani filth is a very recognizable character and makes for a great lead. the independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor. there are some gorgeous actresses in this movie. for being low budget, the special effects weren't bad either. the ways that people died were very creative and nightmarish.now on to the cons. there is very little talking throughout this whole movie, thus making for very little as far as character development. it's hard to fear for the lives of limp, static characters. when there was a little talking, the f bomb was abundant, popping up in random places. yes, i understand people swear but it seems like a preteen boy scripted this and thought himself cool for including all the language. the storyline, what i could make out of it, was pretty good although many parts are left dangling and the lack of conversation leaves one often wondering what's happening.in the end, cradle of fear is like a porno for people who love sex and violence, but like a porno trying to pull of a storyline, it just doesn't work too well. rent it though, if you're a morbid person looking to sate your blood and flesh appetite.

this movie was made for fans of dani (and cradle of filth). i am not one of them. i think he's just an imitator riding the black metal bandwagon (still, i'm generally not a fan of black metal). but as i was carrying this dvd case to pay for it, i convinced myself, that the less authentic something is the more it tries to be convincing. thus i assumed i'm in for a roller-coaster ride of rubber gore and do-it-yourself splatter with a sinister background. now, that is what i do like.i got home and popped it in. my patience lasted 15 minutes. awful camera work and disgusting quality. and that was then (2002), that it looked like it was shot using a hi8 camcorder. i left it on the shelf. maybe a nice evening with beer and bmovies would create a nice setting for this... picture. after a couple of months i got back to it (in mentioned surroundings) and saw half. then not only the mentioned aspects annoyed me. my disliking evolved. i noticed how funny dani (1,65m; 5'5" height) looked in his platform shoes ripping a head of a mugger apart. (yes, ripping. his head apparently had no skull.) i also found that this movie may have no sense. still, i haven't finished it yet, so i wasn't positive.after a couple more tries i finally managed to finish this flick - a couple of months back... (yes, it took me 5,5 years.) so - dani in fact was funny as satan/manson/super-evil-man's helper and the movie did not make sense. see our bad person employs dani to do bad things. he delivers. why? well i guess he's just very, very bad. as a matter of fact they both are and that is pretty much it.we have a couple of short stories joined by dani's character. my favourite was about a guy, who steals someone's leg, because he wants to use it as his own. yeah, exactly. the acting's rock bottom. the cgi is the worst ever. i mean stinger beats it (and, boy, is stinger's cgi baaaaad). the story has no sense. and the quality is... let's just say it is not satisfying. the only thing that might keep you watching is the unmotivated violence and gore. blood and guts are made pretty well. why, you can actually see that the movie originated there and then moved on. (example - dani 'the man' filth takes a stuffed cat - fake as can be - and guts it... and then eats what fell out. why? we never know. we do know, however, that this cat must have been on illegal substances, as his heart is almost half his size.)you might think, after my comment that this movie is so bad it's good, but it's just bad. cradle of filth fans can add 3 points. i added one for gore.

this film is a very funny film. the violence is bad, the acting is...well dani, stick to singing or screaming or whatever the hell it is you usually do. the random chicks wearing hardly anything is just to catch sexually-frustrated goth lads in. personally, i think this movie really does suck. the story and characters could be very good, if say the directing, the actors and other little nibby things were made better. but the film is just bad, the only reason why people like this piece of crap is because it has danni in it. this film is possibly the worst b-rate film ever. and, believe me that's hard to achieve, especially when you're competing with def by temptation and over crappy excuses for "serious" horror movies. i'm not a cof fan, and so i just see this as another rubbish movie...a really bad one. if dani made this as a comedy then, good going him. very well done. over than that though, i rate it low, for it's crappiness. watch it when you're in a happy, happy, joy, joy mode so you can laugh at everything or if you're high on multiple different types of drugs.

...and you can look at that statement in different ways, by the way. first of all, it's a mess because of all the gruesome and extremely violent scenes. your wildest imagination doesn't even come close to some of the explicitly shown scenes here. entire parts of this movie are just plain sick, disgusting, offensive, brutal and they bring you close to puking your guts out. now, i love horror movies and i am very 'pro-violence', but i do think that it has to lead somewhere !! is that too much to ask ? cradle of fear is just a series of utterly sick and twisted thoughts. the "movie" contains out of four separate chapters connected by a wraparound story. this results in endless showing of torture, murder and sickness only to find out that the victims have something in common. not very informative, if you ask me. and yet - it has to be said - the basic plot idea surely has potential. it's about a cannibalistic hypnotist who made a deal with the devil himself to avenge himself and cause misery and death to everyone who was involved in his trial. personally, i think that is an interesting topic, so they should have focused on that a little more instead of wanting to create the most disgusting movie ever.secondly, the whole production of this movie was a mess. they didn't have much of a budget and they spent it all on fake blood and guts...tons of it !! the acting performances are a joke and some of the worst i've ever seen. any other special effects besides the make-up looks very amateurish ( like that attempt to a realistic car crash, for example ). there's no tension or atmosphere to detect anywhere...not even an attempt to build up one.cradle of fear is a failure and a missed opportunity to say the least. with the presence of death-metal icon danni filth ( from the band cradle of filth..get the link ? ) this movie is obviously only meant for the eyes of twisted teenagers who try to be controversial. troubled girls and boys who take pleasure in worrying their parents by watching crap like this. and then people keep complaining that the amount of suicides and juvenile delinquency is increasing...bah. i can imagine that this movie can cause a lot of damage when you're easily influenced or dispose of an unstable mind. for every self-respecting horror fan, this movie is an insult.

i had to watch this in school. and to sum it up...talentless actors, talentless script, and a talentless director.this movie is such a waste of your time. don't even watch the movie. don't bother. you will be so disappointed. my teacher said it was supposed to be good. how wrong she was. she even slept through it a little. the movie's actors were just bad. the best actor in there was the old man and that's not saying much. it's has horrible plot with awful characters. so unrealistic and i can honestly said it had no point. the script was unemotional and confusing. there was points in the movie when i furrowed my brows and said, "what?". also there were just too many loose ties and plot holes. it was just absolutely horrendous.

but i got over it. to me, it seemed that even the author of the book favored caroline. i felt so sorry for the character louise, and she was constantly compared with esau who was evil, i just felt the comparison was a bit harsh and un-realistic. really though, the movie was bad. i wouldn't really see it unless you're ready for a big let down.

this movie is a perfect example of an excellent book getting ruined by a movie. jacob have i loved is quite possibly the worst film that i have ever seen. there is no storyline, plots disappear, and the editing is awful. to top it all off, the music is straight from a synthesizer and sounds unbelievably terrible. bridget fonda's acting is decent, but everyone else's acting is totally amateur. i would suggest this movie to someone who is studying to be a producer as a study on how not to produce a movie as it is chock full of bad cut-scenes, bad transitions and acting that should have been re-shot! read the book and don't waste your time with this film.

what a crappy movie! the worst of the worst! this movie is as entertaining as a dead slug. no-talent-what-so-ever-actors, stupid plot. who wrote this script?! was there ever a script for this goofy movie or did the director just accidentally press the record-button on his camera and then decided to make the film up as they went along? is this meant to be a kids movie or a comedy or what? my friends younger brother is in the 6.th grade and him and his classmates just did an amateur-movie for their school-project which outdid this geeky movie.. this is by far the worst film i have seen in my life! there is just no excuse for this flick!

i have never seen a movie as bad as this. it is meant to be a "fun" movie, but the only joke is at the start, and it is not funny. if you like this sort of movie, then you may just be able to give it a vote of 2. if it had the necessary votes, it would truly belong on the bottom 100.

a police officer (robert forster) in a crime ridden city has his wife attacked and young son killed after she dares to stand up to a thug at a petrol station. after the murderers get off scot-free thanks to a corrupt judge and he himself is jailed for 30 days for contempt of court, he decides to take matters into his own hands by joining a group of vigilantes led by a grizzled looking fred williamson. these robin hood types sort out any criminal that the law is unwilling to prosecute, and with their help he attempts to track down those that wronged him..this film is nothing but a big bag o'clichés. the only thing out of the ordinary is the on-screen slaying of a two year old boy, which was pretty sick. otherwise it's business as usual for this genre e.g involves lots of car chases, beatings and shootings mixed in with plenty of male posturing. i could have done without the prison fight in the shower involving all those bare-a**ed inmates, though. also, did they run out of money before filming the last scenes? i mention this because it ends very abruptly with little closure. if anyone knows, give me a bell.. actually, don't bother.to conclude: file under "forgettable nonsense". next..

robert forster, normally a very strong character actor, is lost at sea here cast as a new york family man seeking revenge on the thugs who murdered his son and attacked his wife in a home invasion. scary subject matter exploited for cheapjack thrills in the "death wish" vein. it isn't difficult to scoff at these smarmy proceedings: the dialogue is full of howlers, the crime statistics are irrevocably dated, and the supporting characters are ridiculously over-written (particularly a despicable judge who allows an accused murderer to walk right out of the courtroom). low-rent production is contemptible in its self-righteousness, especially as the violence in our cities has only increased. * from ****

how wonderful. yet another movie about america by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times, a day a piece, and believes himself to be an "expert" on the country. sheesh. i should take a trip to germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about germany as the "land of nazis" or some such. wim il boy, you should get together with lars von trier and make the ultimate movie about the americans. of course we all know it takes a pretentious left-leaning "we are the world" european to make a "real" movie about america.yeah, right. for a continent that started not one but two world wars, europe sure has a lot of opinions about america's wrong "foreign policy".p.s. don't worry, wim il boy, there's plenty of uc-berkeley americans that'll just love your movie. of course, these are the same people who thinks george w. bush is worst than hitler, and that a painting of a can of soup is "sheer genius"!!

"land of plenty" is not a film. it is a tombstone for the directorial career of german director wim wenders.many felt it in "the million dollar hotel" and now "land of plenty" makes it perfectly clear; not only has wenders lost it, he's actually turned into a bad director, creating horribly weak and superficial stories and scenes.one might argue that the "time you lose it" comes for every director, but wenders' case is extreme. it's as if he completely forget everything he knew about cinema and started all over again - only to get sloppish results.in a few words, this film does not deserve your time.

this is one of the few episodes (if not the only one) with an indisputable error in its storytelling. while handling the ralphie situation christopher states that he has heard about pie-o-my's death in the fire accident. this is an important detail because in this context it is quite obvious that christopher knows from the beginning that tony is the one who must have killed ralphie. there is however no way chris could have heard about the accident. who should have told him and when? by the time he is torn out of his delirium by tony's call nobody else was informed. tony knows that - which makes it even worse! hearing christopher talk about pie- o-my's death could therefore only lead tony to the conclusion that chris himself has set the fire. given the impressively elaborate writing process as told by the writers themselves on the dvd i really wonder none of them realized the problem there. the story just doesn't work that way. unnecessary to add that i'm a huge fan of the sopranos. otherwise, i certainly wouldn't care.

i expected a bad movie, and got a bad movie. but i couldn't really imagine in my worst fantasy how bad this movie was. i don't even want to try to explain what blood surf is about. is not about blood surfing, but a big a$$ crocodile. they are complaining about the fake shark in jaws, but spielberg was wise and didn't show the shark until the end. here the crocodile is shown a lot of times, and it's the worst fake crocodile i have ever seen, and they don't try to hide it. if you want to see a good fake crocodile watch lake placid. the director had an opportunity to make a decent surf/shark movie, but he had to make a bad b-monster movie. he had the chance to make an original surf movie, but he wanted to make a monster movie. so you have understand how bad this movie is, does it have some good parts? not really, it got some nudity, and a sex scene that is taken straight out of a playboy movie. the acting isn't half bad either, and kate fischer looks good. too bad she doesn't take her top off. the lead actors aren't bad either. they had some potential. the location was beautiful and the movie start good with some nice surf scenes. the blame is on the untalented writer and director. the dialogue is some of the worst i have ever seen, and the script is really badly written, and the director got no talent what so ever, and not much of a fantasy either.don't watch it. even if you want to watch the beautiful kate fischer. it isn't worth it. watch sirens to watch kate nude, and watch lake placid if you want some good crocodile action.3/10 because i'm in a good mood, and maureen larrazabal looks good naked, and kate looks good (but is bad actress,)and dex miller, joel west and matt borlenghi did a good job with the piece of sh#t they had to work with.

this production has absolutely no storyline. the acting is embarrassing. the promising dutch television sophie hilbrand star should not add this movie to her cv. her acting is far from flawless and personally i think she has crossed boundary of professional decency; relating to the way she exposes herself in this movie. this movie contains too much unnecessary nudity, vulgar sexual scenes and rude language. it also shows a wrong image of the netherlands (as most movies do). do not bother to watch this movie: a waste of time, a waste of money and an embarrassing record for hilbrand, who has proved to be better with her close on on the screen.

this film should have never been made. honestly, i must admit that before i saw it i had some serious doubts. the director is not a great actress, though she did a lot of movies in holland, and the young woman who took the main part is a tv-personality with a constant smile on the face and not much self-criticism. the actor who played the other main part i recently saw in bride flight and although that film is better, he did not convince me than. to start with the the story, i have not read the novel it is based upon, but the script that underlays the film is something that might have been done with in mind kids having a birthday party on a rainy sunday afternoon, not someone of the same age as the director who likes to watch a good movie. something really disturbing were the overdubbed dialogues, it was most of the time spoken out loud. my regards go to the cameraman, at least he tried to make something out of it. it is a pity that the film is edited lousy, if not, some scenes were certainly more credible.

i recently saw this at the 2009 palm springs international film. this is the feature length directorial debut of veteran dutch actress monique van de ven and based on my observation it should be her last. i hate movies that are so implausible that you are picking apart practically every scene. this film immediately leaves you scratching your head. as it begins a young photographer and his girlfriend who works for an international aid organization are having a leisurely drive through the taliban-controlled mountains afghanistan having a conversation about their love when a rocket stops a truck in front of them. they get out of their vehicle to watch as talliban fighters equipped with rocket launchers, machine guns, rifles, handguns and grenades execute all five people in the truck. bob (waldemar torenstra) starts taking pictures of all this when he is spotted by one of the insurgents who lobs a hand grenade at them that kills his girlfriend. since they are with hand throwing distance they can't be more than 50 yards away yet he somehow gets away. his girlfriend is blown up and he takes a picture of the moment of the grenade impact that kills her and wins a prize as photographer of the year for the photo. every scene and situation in this film as as ridiculous as it's opening. the following year bob finds himself on assignment for national geographic on a dutch resort island where he meets kathleen (sophie hilbrand) and inserts himself into her seedy underworld of international drug smugglers. avoid this film. i would give it a 4.0 out of 10.

this movie is just like every other dutch movie, so if you enjoy movies such as turks fruit and de kleine blonde dood. then you might be okay with this one (even though those two have much better stories and actors) zomerhitte starts strong enough, but even that one good scene ends up having nothing to do with the storyline. there's a lot of nudity (but me and others just could not find that girl attractive), the dialog is laughable (as we did a lot to the annoyance of other movie watchers), and some of the scenes are so completely random that this is more of an unintentional comedy than anything else (like a random scene in which an owl rips somebody's eye out...it has nothing to do with anything and is only referenced once later in a sentence saying "did you hear what happened...i was there"). the only reason i gave it a 2 is because some of the places they are at look nice...that's it. and the reason i saw it was because we went to the sneak preview (here in holland we have a strange system regarding sneak previews, you pay less money then for a regular movie and you don't know what movie it is that you will be watching. all you know is that it's a new movie that's not yet in the theaters). my advice is to stay far away from this film, if you really want to see a good dutch movie watch temmink or zwartboek.

edward montagne's tattooed stranger is supposed to play like a crime thriller with a little film noir mixed in for flavor. instead, it's a poorly acted, witless look into low budget and uninspired film making. the plot is absurd and the acting excruciatingly stiff and amateurish. john miles, who had a rather thin resume in the industry, grins and guffaws throughout, and everyone else acts with the same verve as characters in a government-made filmstrip about driver safety. the movie anticipates shows like 'leave it to beaver' and 'father knows best' in its unnaturally wholesome view of new york in 1950. why, the viewer doesn't even get to see anyone light up a cig until some shapely woman is interviewed in a flophouse halfway through the movie. the only thing the movie has going for it (besides its brevity) is the excellent location shots coordinated by william steiner. the low budget of the film works in the cinematographer's favor, as the viewer is treated to well-framed shots of new york city's interiors and expansive exteriors. unless you wish to enjoy the film for the choice of settings and camera angles, i suggest watching practically any other movie.

'the fox and the child' is the new film by french director luc jacquet, who brought us the oscar-winning documentary 'march of the penguins.' it focuses around a young girl (wonderfully played by bertille noël-bruneau) and her blooming friendship with a fox.there are some truly mesmerizing moments here; badgers mucking about, a lynx chasing the fox through a snow-littered forest; one scene in particular when the fox is being tormented by a pack of wolves is quite intense and even frightening at times. however, there's simply not quite enough of them.beautifully shot; the cinematography is dazzling. the bubbly kind of look of the film is wonderful. it's undeniably a very lush production.the english version is narrated by kate winslet, but what little dialogue there already is has been very poorly dubbed. the score is also far too fluffy, or at least it is for my liking; and the screenplay, while subtle, seemingly jumps from one scenario to another, ultimately leaving me almost baffled.while there's a nice moral at the heart of the film, and the rather quiet performance from noël-bruneau is quite lovely, the real star is the fox. those captivating moments focusing solely around our furry little friend are tremendous. however, again, there's simply not nearly enough of them.- to keep up to date with all the latest in film, including reviews, news, discussions and more, be sure to visit www.mybluray.com.au

the one reason i remember this is that it was shown the week after nigel kneale`s brilliant quatermass serial was broadcast . the trailers made heavy emphasis that the main character had a mutilated arm which had me hoping he`d be like victor caroon from the quatermass experiment stalking the streets of london .no such luck because the racing game is just a rather drab thriller with the gimmick of having a hero with a physical disability trying to get to the bottom of investigations of corrupt horse racing . i suppose if you`re a fan of dick francis you might enjoy it but setting it in the context of the late 70s when the sweeney had just finished and the professionals was still being produced , there`s something lacking about the racing game . one trailer featured a car over taking another on a motor way , if it`d been a trailer for the sweeney you`d see jack regan over taking a car and beating a confession out of the slags who`d done a blag while the professionals would have over taken a car and blown away the terrorists inside . i think that sums up what`s wrong with this series

basing a television series on a popular author's works is no guarantee of success. yorkshire television learnt this the hard way when in 1979 they bought the rights to the books credited to dick francis, three of which were broadcast under the collective title 'the racing game'. mike gwilym was sid halley, a former jockey turned private eye following an accident in which he lost his right hand, only to have it replaced by an artificial one. gwilym suffered from an acute lack of charisma ( and looked like one of the bad guys ) while mick ford ( who played the irritating chico barnes ) made me think of a horse's arse whenever he was on screen. for six weeks, this less-than dynamic duo charged about the countryside, foiling nefarious plots to fix races, usually by the same methods - blackmail, kidnapping riders or doping horses. yorkshire television threw money at the show, but to no avail. violent, sexist, far-fetched and repetitious, it was quickly carted off to the knackers yard.

i saw this movie a couple years back. i could'nt sleep and there was nothing on. so i peeped it. what really gets me is it makes no sense and thats why its disturbing. richard gets tied up in chicken wire and jarvis starts making out with richard's girl while she's unconscious. then jarvis's buddy troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar. by the next morning it shows richard's girl talking to jarvis and trouby and then she walks back to richard and looks at him while he's still tied up. then they play some happy music and the movie is finished. i mean what happened? did they brake up? and what was she saying to those 2 guys(trouby and jarvis)? its to puzzling and to poor to. i can't stand movies that are disturbing and don't make sense. this was the worst film i've ever seen since the 90's version of lord of the flies.

saps at sea aspect ratio: 1.37:1sound format: mono(black and white)suffering from 'hornophobia', ollie embarks on a 'restful' boat trip, but he and stan get mixed up with an escaped convict (rychard cramer). chaos ensues.this feature length comedy - an ok entry which nonetheless unspools like a mere imitation of laurel and hardy's best work - marked the final collaboration between l&h and producer hal roach. episodic in structure, the movie culminates in a memorable ocean voyage after the boys are taken hostage by villainous cramer (who shoots a seagull to prove how tough he is!). the gags are ok, but inspiration is lacking, perhaps due to the recruitment of actor-turned-director gordon douglas, previously responsible for ollie's first solo effort in the sound era (zenobia, produced in 1939), but whose work here lacks a measure of pzazz. fair, but nothing special. l&h regulars charlie hall and james finlayson make guest appearances.

i'm a big fan of the old westerns, and do not believe that hollywood is capable of capturing its old glory. but not even ronda fleming and stewart granger can help this 1957 movie which carries nearly all the trite characteristics of westerns of the reformed gunfighter turned good guy. fallen but virtuous woman, bigoted townspeople who must turn to gunfighter for salvation, etc. i can't help but notice the last names of the writer and young "actor" who plays granger's son. any nepotism there? i've seen better acting in high school plays. chill wills plays a cartoon characterization of chill wills. have i reached the 1000 words yet?

i get the feeling that the producers of this mess were out to make the most painful, ridiculous western ever made. "painful" is the best word i can think of to describe it.on the plus side you have nice color photography and beautiful and well-spoken rhonda fleming. my sympathy goes to jacques aubuchon (who played the cripple), who acted well enough in an annoying role, written so atrociously that no actor could give an enjoyable performance. the production values were quite good, which only served to highlight the terrible story and screenplay.things i hated: stewart granger looked so little like a western figure, what with his british accent, neat tailored outfit, and silly immaculate always-white kerchief tied around his neck. it got tiresome the way the townspeople and his son were constantly haranguing and insulting granger, and he never spoke up or replied back. i know we are supposed to suspend disbelief and appreciate westerns as symbolic morality plays, but this one broke the spell with it laughably unrealistic and predictable scenes, the worst being at the end where granger miraculously, speedily and single-handedly plants dynamite around a canyon pass that the bad guy's cattle will pass through, and then granger plants himself in the perfect spot so he can shoot the dynamite from a very far distance to create rock slides to bury and spook the cattle and bad guys, seemingly destroying them all, save the two main bad guys. next worst is everything about the plot, which is loaded with soap opera scenes. nothing in the movie seemed believable: i couldn't believe what all the conflict was about. the bad guy was driving his herd through to market and wanted the cows to chew some grass along the way; i don't see why something couldn't have been worked out. you need a land ownership dispute for that? don't bother to see it.

just utter trash. i'm a huge fan of the cusacks, this being the sole reason i watched this movie, but the only reason i can see for their presence was the reprise, in complete and depth less quality, their exact roles from grosse point blanc. apart from that, the films' role as a political satire fails miserably as being too obvious for even the most moronic out there to serve any purpose. and to bill it as a satirical satire would be just plain insulting even to chimps. imitation is, apparently the highest form of flattery, but seeing as though this is nothing near grosse point blanc and in the same league as meet the (watch if your a moron) spartans in terms of political satire, lets leave well enough alone and let this one fade into the obscurity it absolutely deserves.

quite possibly the worst movie that i have ever seen. when has hollywood ever made a successful movie that attacked republicans? why don't they learn. the dixie chicks haven't. these lefties live in their own elite bubble interacting among themselves; oblivious to the fact that most of america is much further right than they are.the best hollywood productions are not partisan and are rarely political at all.dan akroyd's imitation of cheney was bad.i would have thought cussack could have landed better movies.it wasn't funny.

even the first 10 minutes of this movie were horrific. it's hard to believe that anybody other than john cusack would have put money into this. with a string of anti-military/anti-war movies already being destroyed at the box office, it's almost inconceivable that a studio of any kind would want itself associated with this script.at first, it may have seemed like some kind of politically motivated derivative of grosse point blank with akroyd and cusack(s) all over again. but only about 90 seconds into the movie, it becomes obvious that this is a talentless attempt at dr strangelove.i liked so many of cusacks movies that i thought i would risk seeing the dvd of this one. i have to say that i don't know if cusack is sane enough for me to even watch another feature starring him again unless somebody else can vouch for it. cusack seems to be so irreparably damaged by his hatred for george bush and the iraq war that he is willing to commit career suicide. tom cruise was never close to being this far gone. not even close.

war, inc. - corporations take over war in the future and use a lone assassin brand hauser (john cusack) to do their wet-work against rival ceos. a dark comedy satirizing the military and corporations alike. it was often difficult to figure out what exactly was going on. i kept waiting for things to make sense. there's no reason or method to the madness.it's considered by cusack to be the "spiritual successor" to grosse point blank. i.e., war is more or less a knock-off. we again see cusack as an assassin protecting *spoiler* the person he's supposed to kill as he grips with his conscience. to be fair, john cusack looks kind of credible taking out half a dozen guys with relative ease. the brief fights look good. the rest of the film does not. it's all quirky often bordering on bizarre. war inc's not funny enough to be a parody, and too buoyant for anyone to even think about whatever the film's message might be, which i suppose might be the heartless ways that corporations, like war factions compete and scheme without a drop of consideration given to how they affect average citizens. interesting, but the satire just doesn't work because it's not funny and at its heart the film has no heart. we're supposed to give a damn about how war affects cusack's shell of a character rather than the millions of lives torn apart by war.john cusack gives a decent performance. his character chugs shots of hot sauce and drives the tiniest private plane but quirks are meant to replace character traits. marisa tomei is slumming as the romantic sidekick journalist. there really isn't a lot of chemistry between them. hilary duff tries a russian accent and doesn't make a fool of herself. joan cusack just screams and whines and wigs out. blech. ben kingsley might have to return the oscar if he doesn't start doling out a decent performance now and again. pathetic.it's not a terrible movie, but in the end you gotta ask "war, what is it good for?" absolutely nothing. c-

i really wanted to like this, but in the end it's a poorly made film with too few laughs.the politics are spot on, it's gonna offend the hell out of republicans but that's what it's designed to do. that alone gives me reason to chuckle.the problem is, it looks like it was made in a real hurry (like about a week). and it contains a stupid subplot about some bimbo singer, which seems to be completely off topic.turiqistan is obviously iraq, or afghanistan, or any other number of countries the us has f**ked with since the 50s. the humour is a little dark (amputees dancing with prosthetic legs made by tamerlane corporation) but it is on the mark, especially with the corporations cashing in on the reconstruction ("democracy lite"!) however like a lot of satire criticising the us, it seems terribly heavy handed and laboured. i guess it's running counter to so much bs propaganda so it has to bludgeon people over the head to make a point. who knows. i prefer more of a nudge, wink approach - a bit of subtlety. but that's just me.anyway i might watch it again, perhaps i missed something.i'm hoping "w" is more on the mark.

assassin hauser's (john cusak) mission is to whack a mid-eastern oil minister, whose name happens to be omar sharif (neikov), in the country of turaqistan which is run by american interests. hauser poses as trade show producer to allow him to get to omar.sometimes a satire can be so overdone it becomes most annoying. here it does too much: the government, politics, music, war, people not generally accepted by society, and did i mention "war." and, that is what we have here - a most annoying movie that borders on a very bad nightmare brought to life. i am still asking myself why i continued with the dvd. also, there are so many cusak family members in this that john cusak appears embarrassed by the family just being there, or is that just me?it used to be that a john cusak movie, while a little offbeat, was, in the end, rather good. not here. believe that john cusak had a hand in the writing and producing of this mess. make of that what you will.there is too much going on in the movie accompanied by constant gun-fire, bombings, and shouting that you really cannot focus or was that the point? probably. it just takes too long to set up the hit, which is largely forgotten until the last 15-minutes. in the meantime we have meaningless banter among all in the cast. and, chemistry between john cusak and marisa tormei? i don't think so, but you know: the boy – girl thing ……and they needed something to take up more time. yes, for what they were supposed to be, (offbeat and annoying) the performances of duff, and kingsley were good. but, when i saw dan aykroyd's character, in the beginning of the show, sitting on a toilet taking a dump, i knew the rest of the show would go to the tank as well. i was not wrong. i am sure some will sing praises of this effort, but if a rose is still a rose by any other name so, too, is a mess……………i now remember why i continued with the dvd. i was hoping that the story would somehow level out and save itself. never did.violence: yes. sex: no. nudity: no. language: yes.

i had the displeasure of watching this movie with my girlfriend, who, like me, is a fan of the first. this movie down right sucked! it lacked the magic of the first. you could actually understand every word the mice said, the animation is crappy, the palace is much much different from the first movie, there's new characters that were never mentioned before and were terrible, luckily the prince didn't have many lines which kept him from sounding stupid. basically its like the lion king 1 1/2 except its different stories all told by the mice. the reason i'm giving this a 2 out of 10 is because the songs not sung by the characters were the most enjoyable.

if you are under the age of 6 or 7, then you're going to really enjoy this movie. my youngest daughter is glued to the tv when she watches it. as an adult, i can't stand it!! i'm all up for sequels....when they have a decent storyline. but this is nowhere near up to standard. please forgive me for slating what is after all a kid's film, but when you have to sit through it nearly every day when your kids who love it so much, you'll understand why. my daughter would watch this film over and over again on the same day if we let her.i've given this film 4 out of 10 purely for the fact that it keeps my youngest entertained.

i grew up watching the original disney cinderella, and have always loved it so much that the tape is a little worn.accordingly, i was excited to see that cinderella 2 was coming on tv and i would be able to see it.i should have known better.this movie joins the club of movie sequels that should have just been left alone. it holds absolutely none of the originals super charm! it seems, to me, quite rough, and almost brutal, right from the (don't)sing-a-longs to the characterization.while i remember the character's telling a story through a song, this film's soundtrack was laid over the top, and didn't seem to fit. jaq's transformation into a human is a prime example: where he was walking around eating an apple and adding a few little quips in here and there, he should have been dancing around and singing about how great it was to be tall! and in the ballroom, there's old barn dance type country music. it's as though the writers forgot where and when this story was set. the upbeat fiddles certainly didn't fit.even the artwork and animation in cinderella 2 isn't up to scratch with the original. the artwork in this film seems quite raw and less detailed. and we see part of cinderella's hoop skirt, which doesn't feel right.the movie itself could have been it's own story, i think that it should have been just that. i wouldn't say that i hate it, but i believe that it had many shortcomings. it seems to downgrade in a significant way from the beloved cinderella original.

i've always thought that cinderella ii was the worst movie i've ever seen, (followed by peter pan 2, and some other sequels like the lion king 2 and the hunchback of notre dame 2). all these movies are made with the same idea; because the movie has no plot, they try to make up for that by filling it with jokes. i'm not saying the jokes are bad, but they make up most of the movie. the first time i saw the movie, i would have given it a 1/10. but now i think about it, most kids don't care how good the original movie was, they just care that the movie is entertaining. i still think the movie was a bad sequel, but that doesn't mean it's horrible. now i think it deserves a 3/10.

i've got a question for those who thought of this idea. why? what made them think to make a second movie of this. if memory serves, didn't cinderella end with "they all lived happily ever after"? i'm pretty sure it did, or it was implied. wait a minute, if they all lived happily ever after, how could there be a sequel? unless they were trying to make the most boring story in history, there couldn't be a sequel. i mean sure, they could have cinderella singing about nonsense for two hours, but why? a movie that ends in "happily ever after" can not have a sequel; if it does then they don't live happily ever after! something's got to go wrong which causes problems with the first ending! why? that's not right, it's evil. that's my final word on the matter.

i'll just put it out here, that was the worst sequel to a classic disney film i've ever seen. in 1950, disney released what i hail as one of his greatest films of all time. now take away the great songs, add a poor plot that resembles that of a lost tv show. "put it together and what do you get?" the biggest load of crud i've ever seen. after i saw this, i thought it was all over for disney. cinderella should've ended with, "and they lived happily ever after." not this garbage. this film did not deserve a sequel like this. i thought it would be like "a twist in time" which was moderate but better than this. also, what do we care of anastasia? she switched sides like iago did, but it didn't help anyone.

the original is a relaxing watch, with some truly memorable animated sequences. unfortunately, the sequel, while not the worst of the dtv sequels completely lacks the sparkle.the biggest letdown is a lack of a story. like belle's magical world, the characters are told through a series of vignettes. magical world, while marginally better, still manages to make a mess of the story. in between the vignettes, we see the mice at work, and i personally think the antics of jaq and gus are the redeeming merits of this movie.the first vignette is the best, about cinderella getting used to being to being a princess. this is the best, because the mice were at their funniest here. the worst of the vignettes, when jaq turns into a human, is cute at times, but has a lack of imagination. the last vignette, when anastasia falls in love, was also cute. the problem was, i couldn't imagine anastasia being friendly with cinderella, as i considered her the meaner out of the stepsisters. this was also marred by a rather ridiculous subplot about lucifer falling in love with pompom.the incidental music was very pleasant to listen to;however i hated the songs, they were really uninspired, and nothing like the beautiful tchaikovsky inspired melodies of the original.the characters were the strongest development here. cinderella while still caring, had lost her sincerity, and a lot of her charm from the original, though she does wear some very pretty clothes. the duke had some truly funny moments but they weren't enough to save the film, likewise with prudence and the king. as i mentioned, the mice were the redeeming merits of the movie, as they alone contributed to the film's cuteness. i have to say also the animation is colourful and above average, and the voice acting was surprisingly good.all in all, a cute, if unoriginal sequel, that was marred by the songs and a lack of a story. 4/10 for the mice, the voice acting, the animation and some pretty dresses. bethany cox

possible spoilers, perhaps. i must say that "cinderella ii: dreams come true" is one of the worst movies ever made. first of all, the movie was made during the height of disney's sequel rampage. it was created around the same time as "the little mermaid ii," "the jungle book ii," and "peter pan ii," all of which were disservices to their original film classics. (disney also made "the hunchback of notre dame ii" and "atlantis ii," but i'm going to drop that topic because their original movies were never really classics in the first place.") let me go ahead and say that i am an avid supporter of good disney films, and i absolutely adore the original disney "cinderella." the sequel to "cinderella," however, was a waste of time. the character of cinderella in the sequel was so very unlike the original girl that i grew up watching. in the original, cinderella was kind and loving. the new cinderella had very out-of-character moments with current-era phrasing like, "i'm going to do this banquet my way!" let me also tell you that new cinderella (as i have affectionately named her) says, "ewww!" that is the anti-cinderella. i try to find the best in people, but in the sequel, anastasia, one of the stepsisters, is good! what the heck? why? they made it all out to be like lady tremaine and drizella are just horrible family members for poor little anastasia. my question to the world: did the people at disney watch the original "cinderella" when making this sequel? well, it surely doesn't seem so. if i remember correctly, anastasia was just as abusive to cinderella as drizella and lady tremaine. i am all for redemption and forgiveness, but there was no point of redemption for anastasia in this movie. in the first one, anastasia was evil. in the second one, she is good. one just can't leave a story like this. i hope disney realizes that this movie, among other movies, is shaming walt disney's name. perhaps now that michael eisner is gone, things will start shaping up around the house of mouse.

well, the big money machine has done it again! disney very shrewdly takes advantage of morons like myself who feel we must own every video (good or bad) stamped with the disney moniker. why is it that i continue to look forward to these "sequels" which make don bluth on a bad day look like leonardo davinci? cinderella 2 consists of three storylines (already a poor choice!) doesn't one of the most endearing disney creations at least deserve a linear story? of these three, only the last comes anywhere near the quality of animation and storytelling that i would expect. the music is atrocious and modern (meaning in 2 years it will already be dated) and adds nothing to the story. why does everything have to be updated? you know, the original cartoon is still popular because of its timelessness, so why not be respectful and true to the original with songs that reflect the same style? gee, i can't wait for a sequel to sleeping beauty. instead of music based on the themes of tchaikovsky, we'll get music inspired by britney spears!!! so disney, if you're listening, remember we're not all indiscriminate children out here. how about throwing a bone or two to the fans who've been around long enough to know the difference between craft and crap?

you will recognize the plot immediately. daughters of a divorced couple trying to get mom and dad back together again. yes, that was the theme of the parent trap in the 60s, 80s and 90s. but here's the spooky thing. even though deanna durbin was younger than the 21 year old hayley mills while playing the doting daughter(s) roles, durbin looks much older, as in adult. and so do all of her so-called siblings. and this confusion between adult and child goes throughout the film. the girls are dressed in cute little sailor outfits but look ridiculous in them as the director seems to take pains to point out their ample tops and tushies throughout the film. so you're constantly torn between thinking of them as children or women. when ray milland and others start "hitting on" them you get the feeling as if they're pedophiles, and you might be one, too for noticing those tushies and tops the director was pointing out. teens or temptresses, little girls or little foxes, you are never quite sure what you're supposed to be thinking of them as.the parents, too, seem very old and the whole film seems very dated.it is a rusty version of the parent trap and you should avoid it, or at least ensure your tetanus shots are up to date if you don't believe me.

this is an hybrid creature born at carl macek mind. with robotech the second generation (robotech masters) and megazone 23 into one miserable movie, that have no logic! the story is very, very bad, and you cannot forgive the action of megazone when have nothing to do with robotech. if this movie have so high rank is for the tv series and not for itself!! i did said it, the name cannot save this!

this film tries to be immensely clever, and tarantino-like before you try that though, you need solid filmic fundamentals. these include good sound, editing, set design etc...lets talk about the sound in this movie. absolutely atrocious. i have never been more distracted by a sound track, everand before we talk about low budget, film made in chile etc.. lets bear in mind that desent sound these days is far more achievable than it ever has been. anywhere. and more info on technique is available then ever beforethe sound in this movie is plain bad. the foley in particular is out of place and inappropriate throughout, the atmos is equally terrible. i heard at least four loud clicks during the movie, which are the result of poor sound editing. the sound inside cars is awful, the sound of car doors closing is awful. the sound of the lady singing is wrong. foley is either overboard, or simply not there like the sound person just got bored and gave up. the spaces are wrong. everything about it is wrong and yet, not letting limitations of creativity get in the way, at the same time the movie tries boldly to be clever. for example the sound of the aquarium is used in the following street scene. we hear sound when we're not supposed to. sound edits precede visual cuts. every trick in the book is used, and yet the foundations are just not thereediting-wise we have scenes using heavy jump cuts, we have tinkering around with the time line etc etc etc, yawn. all of these techniques are imitated to a splendidly low standard overall the mix is crap, the sound is crap. and so, the film is crap. how can a movie with so many fundamental flaws be considered for awards and high praise? chile's cinematic new wave? the best creative output that chile has to offer? i hope not, and i think not.my theory is that chile's more selective and better talent avoided this film like the plague maybe due to its risqué content. equally, the film has likely received so much unwarranted critical acclaim from so called 'world-cinema' enthusiasts for the same grubby reasons. they likely revel in it's trashiness. of course film critics rarely pay attention to technical details and quality this film is rubbish. it's all mouth and no trousers and is never deserving of a 6.8 rating. the film has all the production quality of a cheap tarantino, new wave inspired porno!

the 3-d featured in "the man who wasn't there" stands for dumb, dumb, dumb! this inept comedy features lousy 3-d effects that makes the 3-d effects in "jaws 3", "amityville 3", and "friday the 13th part 3" look better by comparison. not to mention the movie is asinine to the extreme. this was one of many 1983 movies to feature the pop-off-the-screen effects. steve guttenberg and jeffrey tambor got trapped in this mess, but at least it didn't kill their careers. tambor would go on to star on hbo's "the larry sanders show" and ron howard's box office smash "how the grinch stole christmas", while guttenberg followed this flop with "police academy" and "cocoon". what them in those projects instead of them here in "the man who wasn't there". if you do, you'll regret it.1/2* (out of four)

let me confess. i found this video used and bought it because guttenberg looked so sexy in his underwear on the jacket. but inside was another story. besides the fact that the movie was basically a parody of "invisible-man" genre special effects (highly visible strings and other such paraphernalia), the script wasted no chance -- in fact it went out of its way -- in insulting all non-wasp races and real-or-imagined homosexuals. every insult aimed at a person in the script was either homophobic or racist or both. it starts to grate on your nerves, along with the shaky sound, candid- camera style photography and melodramatic story. however, the end is somewhat of a surprise. but by the time you get there, you hardly care less. too bad, it could been a reasonably good movie.

goodnight, mister tom begins in an impossibly exquisite village in the south of england where the sun always seems to shine. before we have much idea of the period we hear a radio announcement of the declaration of world war ii. soon a train blowing clouds of steam brings refugee children from london and when shy little william is billeted with reluctant, gruff old tom (who you just know will turn out to have a heart of gold) our tale begins.and what a load of sentimental claptrap it is. in fact it's just the old odd-couple buddy formula. aren't any new stories being written?as i suggested there's hardly any period feel in the village and not much more in london apart from the odd old ambulance rattling around. and certainly no hint of the horror of the blitz as london's citizens file politely into air-raid shelters. even when the local schoolteacher's husband is declared missing presumed killed, he is later restored to life.i found `goodnight, mister tom' cliched and obvious and john thaw's accent conjured up a picture of ronnie barker of the two ronnies with a straw in his mouth doing his `country bumpkin' accent.incidentally my wife enjoyed this movie for all the reasons that i disliked it and looking at fellow-imdb reviewers i seem to be in a minority of one.

i have been familiar with the fantastic book of 'goodnight mister tom' for absolutely ages and it was only recently when i got the chance to watch this adaption of it. i have heard lots of positive remarks about this, so i had high hopes. once this film had finished, i was horrified.this film is not a good film at all. 'goodnight mister tom' was an extremely poor adaption and practically 4.5/10 of the book was missed out. particularly, i found that a lot of the characters and some great scenes in the book were not in this. there was not much dialogue, it was rushed and far too fast-moving, but i was mostly upset by the fact that you never got to see the bonding and love between william beech and tom in this film which was a true let down. the casting was not all that good,either. i thought this could have been really good, but it was so different to the book! anextremely poor adaption, one of the worst i've seen. this deserves a decent remake that'd better be 1000 times better than this pile of garbage.

siskel & ebert were terrific on this show whether you agreed with them or not because of the genuine conflict their separate professional opinions generated. roeper took this show down a notch or two because he wasn't really a film critic and because he substituted snide for opinionated. now, when ben lyons comes on i feel like i'm watching "teen news" -- you know, that kids' news show, hosted by kids for kids? manckiewitz is not much better. it's obvious they've encountered only a steady diet of mainstream films their entire lives. the idea that these two rank amateurs have anything of interest or consequence to say about motion pictures is ludicrous. if they are reviewing a non-formula film, they are completely lost. show them something original and intelligent -- they just find it "confusing". wait -- i think i get it ... abc is owned by disney ... disney makes movies for kids. while siskel, ebert, and roper promoted independent films and were only hit-or-miss with the big budget studio productions -- what a surprise: these two guys love the big studio schlock and only manage to tolerate a few indies. plus everyone knows the age group tv advertisers are aiming for. the blatant nepotism is the icing on the cake. in what alternate universe do these guys qualify as film critics?

i can clearly see now why robin hood flopped quickly. the first episode of it is probably the worst ever thing bbc has aired. the opening scenes were about as intense, meaningful and intelligent as two monkeys fighting, robin hood had no character, and the sword fight was just laughable. the worst part of the episode was robin hood snogging some cow clad in make-up at the beginning of the episode - how many people wore eyeliner in the 12th century? nobody. the series may have improved drastically since then, but this first episode quickly put people's hopes down, and is essentially a pile of cr*p. a great hero of england has been disgraced."will you tolerate this?" i won't, that's for sure, unless the bbc start to understand what is a wise investment. 3/10

well, it's robin hood as 'geezer' all right... just as advertised! that didn't sound very hopeful, and alas, it was worse than i'd suspected.a laddish robin i can take; a robin who tangles with a pert dyer's daughter i can credit; but a robin who exchanges not-very-funny banter with his single henchman is harder to swallow, and a robin and *entire cast* who seem to be having difficulty managing their lines is the kiss of doom. how could anyone let such laboured delivery pass without re-shooting the scenes? again and again, much sounds as if he's struggling with half-comprehended shakespeare rather than letting loose with a salty quip; i hoped at the onset that it was just a failed comedy trait in a character clearly destined for the role of comedy sidekick, but then it started spreading throughout the rest of the cast.whatever else you say about errol flynn in the role, he had the knack of delivering high-flown dialogue as naturally as if he'd just thought it up on the spur of the moment... and as this production shows, that's not at all as easy as it sounds! if they were going to cast the characters as cheeky chappies, the actors in question should have been given appropriate lines: they sound as if they haven't a clue how to handle them.i'm afraid i didn't even like the pantomime sheriff, for a similar reason; the lines are clearly not intended to be taken seriously but delivered (and in this case written) with a nudge and a wink at the audience. they're out of place all right -- fourth-wall-busting stuff -- but really not that funny.this much-promised production reminded me of a limping school play. the only actor and character i felt any appreciation for at all was the one playing guy of gisbourne, who was the sole one who appeared to have any handle on (a) credible villainy and (b) credible characterisation -- but frankly, i wouldn't have said that was a very good augury for the future of the series! as of the time of writing, i'll give it another shot in the hopes that things may improve and bed down a bit by next week, with less stilted scene-setting required and perhaps the actors more at ease with the dialogue: after all, the opening episode of "doctor who" wasn't exactly a show-stopper, though it was nowhere near as bad as this. but if i see no improvement after episode 2, i'm afraid the series has almost certainly lost one viewer.which would be a pity, because i've got a soft spot for the "robin hood" legend on screen, from the adventures of douglas fairbanks to the sturdy reliance of richard greene. but this robin fails to stir my blood in the slightest.

gods...where to start. i was only able to stomach about the first 10 minutes before i turned it off in disgust. aside from the actor playing robin hood himself, the rest were just terrible. and, i can only stretch my suspension of disbelief only so far.from the very opening of the first episode, i lost count of how many errors, plot holes, and horrible costumes there were. it began with some poor peasant trying to hunt for a deer to feed his family. all well and good. however, the poor blighter must have been mostly deaf, because a handful of soldiers, in full armour, on horseback, were able to sneak up on him to within about 10 feet.then, as he's running away, he goes from having them 10 feet behind him, to a shot where you cannot even see them at all, immediately followed by them about 20 feet behind him again. then, he runs into some bushes, and is immediately manhandled by two of the soldiers...who just mere seconds before, were galloping on horseback, dozens of feet behind him.the "armour" on the soldiers is so painfully obviously cloth which they tried to make look like maille, and miserably failed. not to mention, the lead soldier's "armour" being about 5 sizes too big for the poor fellow. seriously, he looks like he is a small child wearing his father's over-sized armour! finally, robin manages to fire about 5, perfectly aimed shots all around one soldier's hand, in the span of about 2 seconds, from what appears to be a recurve bow. no human alive could make those kinds of shots, in that short amount of time, with a scoped rifle, much less a bow.after that, they escape the soldiers and stop to help an amazingly well dressed and clean "peasant" with digging a ditch...something that all noblemen were willing to do all the time, right? how this sorry excuse for a series ever got a second season is beyond me. the production costs (at least for what i saw) must have soared in the dozens of dollars (or euros)...seriously - i think a highschool drama class could have put on a better rendition. this was so bad, even that terrible kevin costner version of robin hood was better.i highly suggest you skip this monstrosity, and go rent or buy the mid-80's "robin of sherwood" series. much better written, acted, costumed, and produced.for shame, bbc...for shame...

ira levin's broadway smash comes to the screen with hardly any meat on its bones, a mystery plot with just a few tricks and twists but nobody worth caring about. frustrated writer michael caine plots to steal the work of a brilliant young man and pass it off as his own; his devious plan may include murdering the talented kid, which has caine's flighty spouse up in arms. the first act in which everyone is introduced is excruciatingly dead, with caine doing everything an actor can to keep the pacing up. dyan cannon is miscast as his wife (she's too smart and clever herself to be passed off as a ditz) and christopher reeve (in the middle portion of the film) seems extremely uncomfortable in the role of the better writer. these three characters, and irene worth's bothersome neighbor, are so undefined that what happens after the set-up barely even registers until well after the second act has begun. sidney lumet's direction is stagy and fuzzy, the set design unconvincing and poorly-lit, and the finale is a total disaster. the actors struggle to give the script some substance, but with such thin material all we see are their laborious efforts. *1/2 from ****

i do not believe all the praise for this movie. the play and movie were a ripoff of sleuth. michael caine wishes he were olivier, and reeves wishes he were caine. caine even had the nerve to do a remake of sleuth with jude law playing his original part. jude law? you mean the one that did the remake of "alfie"? this movie was made during a period of caine's career when it was obvious he needed to pay off gambling debts. he would do anything for money. he would star in such award winning movies such as this, and "beyond the poseidon adventure". what seems to be driving the praise for this movie is reeves death. he deserves better than to be remembered for this lousy movie. and so does caine. this movie can be found in the $5.97 bin at walmart. along with gems like "the island", and "blame it on rio".

shame really - very rarely do i watch a film and am left feeling disappointed at the end. i've seen quite a few of ira levin's adaptations - 'rosemary's baby' and 'the stepford wives' - and liked both them, but this just didn't appeal to me.when i read the plot outline - an award winning playwright (michael caine) decides to murder one of his former pupils (christopher reeve) and steel his script for his own success - i was excited. i like thrillers, michael caine's a good actor, sidney lumet's a good director and ira levin's work is generally good.i won't spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen it yet, but all i'd say is there are loads of twists and turns. so many its kind of hard to explain the film's plot line in detail, without giving it away. i enjoyed the first ... 45 minutes, before the twists and turns began to occur and at that point my interest and enjoyment began to fade out. though i have to give lumet credit for the very amusing ending which did make me laugh out loud.the main cast - michael caine, christopher reeve, dyan cannon and irene worth - were all brilliant in their roles. though worth's obvious fake russian accent got on my nerves slightly (nothing personal irene, i think any actor's fake accent would irritate me). not sure if cannon's character was meant to be annoyingly funny but dyan managed to annoy and amuse - at the same time.anyone reading this - i don't want you to be put-off watching this because of my views - give it a chance, you may like it, you may not. it's all about opinion.

i thought maybe a film which boasted a cast including peter o'toole, susannah york, michael craig & harry andrews might be worth watching. alas, i was wrong. utter pretentious nonsense from beginning to end with both o'toole and york overacting wildly. i watched it twice and still have no idea what is was about. i've a feeling o'toole plays the laird of a scottish castle who has a drink problem and likes reliving childhood games with his sister (york). he is also barking mad. but apart from that, your guess is as good as mine.the film has no redeeming feature whatsoever. i can only assume the cast and director were blackmailed into making this dreary, unimaginative, stagy piffle. clearly a waste of the time of a talented cast and director. risible.

i couldn't believe how lame & pointless this was. basically there is nothing to laugh at in the movie, hardly any scenes to get you interested in the rest of the movie. this movie pulled in some huge stars but they were all wasted in my opinion. i think keanu reeves must've taken some acting lessons a fews years after this movie before he stared in the matrix. uma thurman looked very simple & humble. luckily i got this movie for a very low price because its certainly not a movie to remember for any good reasons. i won't write anything about the story of the movie, but as you should know that she is meant to be the most famous hitchhiker across america because of her huge thumb. i would give this movie a 2 / 10. before i watched this movie i was wondering why this movie has only got a 4.0/10, & now i know why. a very disappointing movie. don't buy it even if you see it for under $5.

no one should ever try to adapt a tom robbins book for screen. while the movie is fine and the performances are good, the dialogue, which works well reading it, is crap when spoken. or, to put it another way, no one would be likely to suggest that hearing someone else's name was like seeing it written in radium on a pearl.overall, the movie feels like a badly-adapted cliffs notes to the book - most of the parts have been hacked down to a fifth of their size in the book, in terms of backstory and current story, and the ending is wildly (and unpleasantly) different from that of the book. most of the plots from the book have gotten lost, including the one that makes everything make sense at the end, and there's more than one reference that makes sense in the book that makes the viewer say "huh?" not a worthy effort, unfortunately - the script should have been read, compared to the book, burned, and all the actors sent off to do something far better. i admire gus van sant tremendously, but not even someone of his calibre could have made a decent movie of such a complex book without making a miniseries.

uma thurman plays sissy, a young woman with a gypsy spirit (and freakishly large thumbs) who hitchhikes cross-country, eventually finding her true place amongst a group of peyote-enlightened cowgirls on a ranch devoted to preserving the whooping crane; rain(bow) phoenix is their lesbian leader, bonanza jellybean, who falls in love with sissy, thumbs or not. gus van sant directed and adapted tom robbins' book, but his satire has no primary target and just skitters all over the map, like sissy (maybe that was his goal, but it's not involving for an audience). notorious box-office flop wasn't so much panned as it was ignored, and one can see why: it's a series of sketches in search of a plot, and the performances, directorial touches and cinematography are all variable. thurman is a stitch posing alongside the highway trying to get a ride, but this pretty much put the kibosh on phoenix's career. writer buck henry (who didn't write this, but perhaps should have) gives the most assured performance as the doctor who works on one of those thumbs.two thumbs down.

i absolutely love all of tom robbins books, so i was very excited and interested to see a movie made after one of his books. i knew that there would be no way that the movie would capture even half of robbins' magic, but after seeing the movie, it made me never want to read the book again. the movie even cowgirls get the blues doesn't include an eighth of the content in the book, and it seems to focus more on the love connection between bonanza jellybean and sissy than anything else. along with the incredibly weak plot line in the movie, i think that better actors definitely could have been chosen to play the characters. the only actors in the movie that i thought played their roles fit to robbins' descriptions in the book were julian's friends, in their five minute clip in the beginning of the movie. those who haven't read the book might enjoy the movie, but as a huge tom robbins fan, this movie was nothing but a disappointment.

i love movies. i love independent efforts and major studio productions. i love films with stars and i love those featuring unknowns. i love dramas, comedies, action-adventures, science fiction, mysteries, westerns, any genre except horror. i love foreign films as well as those in english. i love good movies and i even love bad ones, because almost no film ever fails to entertain or amuse on some level. except for "even cowgirls get the blues."when i attended a late-night showing of "cowgirls," i joined an audience of around 10. less than halfway into it, i alone remained. soon not even i could tolerate the disturbing mess unfolding before my eyes, and i left as well. to this day "cowgirls" remains the only movie i have ever walked out of.i don't quite know how to describe this incoherent, vacuous, trashy, meaningless film, or how to adequately convey its lack of redeeming value. suffice to say that it ranks as one of the worst major films of all time, preposterous and inexcusable on every level. it tries to be clever, but its conception of feminism seems hopelessly anachronistic. it tries to be funny, but its humor is coarse and cringe-worthy. this is one of the few films which manages to profane its own ethos, by depicting protagonists in so off-putting a manner that you revolt against them and their values. if you want to watch a movie, watch "waterworld," "ishtar," anything but this. except for the new "alexander." if you're choosing between that and this, read a book instead.

we actually watched this twice in the theater because we could not believe how bad it was the first time. maybe we'd missed something... nope, what's missing was missed from the beginning of preproduction. i actually went back to robbin's novel to see if i could find the problem, and i discovered that what i thought was funny and exciting back in the day is now just so much disconnected and fuzzy-headed junk.so, the initial problem with the film was deciding to do it at all, and the rest of the train wreck progressed from there. absolutely nothing works - not a blessed thing. some beautiful exterior photography gets steamrolled by random camera placement in interior shots. all of the actors look at least uncomfortable - angie dickenson looks positively mortified - except for rain phoenix, who gives the impression that she is too unaware to realize how awful her performance really is. the dialog is one, long, unwavering cringe. scenes don't make sense from second to second, and the connections between them are nonexistent. and yet, the movie stumbles blindly on, convinced that it is saying something profound.this is too bad to even be funny; it is simply excruciating. gus van zant has done other good-to-great movies which i encourage you to see, and i'm happy he survived (and appears to have learned from) this mess.

watching tom hanks as a hit man for the irish mob is a little like seeing jimmy stewart as a serial rapist it just doesn't work. i had a really hard time accepting this.not that i don't think tom can't act he can i've been following his career since mazes and monsters but for some reason this fell flat for me. maybe because i'm such a fan of the graphic novel and at the risk of sounding like a fanboy(the only form of life lower than a fanboy is a cockroach)the movie as a whole fails for me.the additions jude law, and the subtractions everything else left me feeling cold and more than a little disappointed. i was expecting a great crime movie more in the vein of bonnie and clyde mendes took all the heart out of the story and left us with nothing but the bare bones. there are things to like in this flick however the cinematography is breathtaking filling the screen with beautiful images paul newman is as usual excellent and i really did enjoy the score, but tom as "the angel of death" sullivan was completely flat.

the highlight of this movie for me was without doubt tom hanks. as mike sullivan, he was definitely cast against type and showed that he can handle an untraditional (for him) role. hanks is usually the good guy in a movie - the one you like, admire and root for. sullivan was definitely not a good guy. it's true that in the context of this movie he came across as somewhat noble - his purpose being to avenge the murders of his wife and youngest son. even so, he was already a gangster and murderer before those killings. so hanks took a role i wouldn't have expected him in, and he pulled it off well.hanks' good performance aside, though, i certainly couldn't call this an enjoyable movie. after an opening that i would best describe as enigmatic (it wasn't entirely clear to me for a while where this was going) it turns into a very sombre movie, about the complicated relationships sullivan has developed as a gangster - largely raised by rooney (paul newman), who's a sort of mob boss, and trying to raise his own two sons and to keep them "clean" so to speak; isolated from his business. after the older son witnesses a murder, the gang tries to kill him to keep him quiet, gets the wrong son (and the mother), and leaves sullivan and his older son (mike, jr.) on the run. it becomes a weird sort of father/son bonding movie.although it ends on a somewhat hopeful note (at least in the overall context of the story) it's really very dark throughout, that mood being reinforced with many of the scenes being shot in darkness and torrential rainfall. i have to confess that while i appreciated hanks' performance, the movie as a whole just didn't pull me in. 4/10

this film is overblown, predictable, pretentious, and hollow to its core. the settings are faithful to the era but self-conscious in their magnification by prolonged exposure. the lingering over artifacts stops the action and cloys almost as much as the empty dialogue. tom hanks seems to be sleepwalking much as bruce willis did in hart's war. tom, you can't give depth to a character simply by making your face blank! the content did not warrant the histrionic acting by paul newman. this is a dud wrapped in an atomic bomb casing.

"meatball machine" has got to be one of the most complex ridiculous, awful and over-exaggerated sci-fi horror films that i have ever came across. it is about good against evil and a coming-of-age tale, with the aim of to entertain with bloody, sleazy and humorous context. because of that the violence isn't particularly gruesome and it doesn't make you squirm, but the gratuitous bloodletting and nudity does run freely. the performances by issei takahashi and toru tezuka is the worst i have seen, if that was not enough it is also directed by an unheard of director called yudai yamaguchi. this movie just have it all, it is bad to the bone!, a must see for every b-movie freak!!!... simply: an enjoying and rare gem.

...but i regret having seen it. since the ratings on imdb are relatively high (and they must also have been relatively high on netflix), i guess i put it in my queue because it is advertised as a gentle comedy from the uk, a category that has produced many films i liked immensely. "saving grace," on the other hand, falls into the category of laugh-less comedies usually populated by hollywood movies produced and directed by the talentless. brenda blethyn is a capable actress, and i have liked her in other movies. the concept -- a gardener growing marijuana to overcome the penury she finds herself confronting after her husband's death -- does not offend me. notwithstanding the strenuous efforts on the part of the cast to produce humor, the film falls flat on its face (falling flat on its arse might have been funnier) as far as i and my wife were concerned. be forewarned, oh gentle reader, not all offbeat british comedies succeed. this one is a dud.

how can anybody say that this movie is a comedy?? if i had not gone with then my finacee i would have fallen asleep and asked for my money back. i love gwen paltrow, but it was like she was on the wrong set. i like most chick flicks, but i hated this one. this is the only time i saw so much clevage and was not turned on. those outfits were way overdone. no one talks that way anymore and i don't think they even did then. the dancing part was horrible.my ex said to me later..."didn't ya like that part? didn't ya think it was sensous?" i said yes only to spare her feelings. now i know why we never married.this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen.

reading through all these positive reviews i find myself baffled. how is it that so many enjoyed what i consider to be a woefully bad adaptation of my second favourite jane austen novel? there are many problems with the film, already mentioned in a few reviews; simply put it is a hammed-up, over-acted, chintzy mess from opening credits to butchered ending.while many characters are mis-cast and neither ewan mcgregor nor toni collette puts in a performance that is worthy of them, the worst by far is paltrow. i have very much enjoyed her performance in some roles, but here she is abominable - she is self-conscious, nasal, slouching and entirely disconnected from her characters and those around her. an extremely disappointing effort - though even a perfect emma could not have saved this film.

bah. another tired, desultory reworking of an out of copyright work never designed to be filmed.on the plus side, toni collette is superb as always (being an actual actress, you see), and there are some nicely handled handover cuts between scenes. there are even a few genuinely funny lines, and the filmwork, score and editing is competent, apart from a bizarre lapse into voiceover and speaking to the camera towards the conclusion.but, ah, but. much of the cast seems to be on autopilot, and they are almost all very clearly too old (and in one case too young) for their declared ages. worse, they are all speaking "austinese", that peculiar falsetto self satisfied sing song that couldn't be further from the way people actually spoke in austen's day (think yosemite sam, i kid you not). this is particularly sad, considering that we seem to finally be seeing the demise of the equally farcial "fakespearan" that olivier and his cronies were so fond of bellowing at the top of their lungs.and worst of all is gwyneth paltrow. she's only ever played one character in her films, and she stays true to form here, running through her entire range (smirking to sulking) in the first ten minutes, then just repeating herself for the rest of the overlong film. there is absolutely no chemistry between herself and any of her admirers, nor any apparent reason why they would be interested in her apart.in short, there is very little reason to watch emma. it's an amiable enough adaptation, but if you're going to pack a film full of anacronisms (i.e. an appalingly thin lead who can't shoot a bow or handle a period accent) then you might as well do it properly, as with the vastly superior "clueless".

this was the first ewan mcgregor movie i ever saw outside of star wars. since then i have become a very big ewan mcgregor fan but i still can't bring myself to forgive this movie's existence.my sister has always been a huge jane austen fan and because of that, i have been subjected to various of the classics, emma being one of them. i've always considered them irritating, stupid and boring. however, after watching this terrible rendition, i was forced to admit that the original emma was delightful and charming. ewan mcgregor scarcely serves a purpose in this film after they hacked and mutilated the part of frank churchill. gweneth paltrow is ridiculous in an already ridiculous character and the rest of the film is unremarkable and stupid.my recommendation to anybody who is remotely interested in english period drama... go see the originals. if you're a ewan mcgregor fan... believe me, by skipping this film, you haven't missed anything but five minutes collective of him in a silly hat and a bad haircut.

i like jane austin novels. i love pride and prejudice and sense and sensibility books and movies, and i'm half way through mansfield park. but i couldn't stand emma. i gave up on the book after 2 chapters, and by the end of the movie i couldn't care less about emma. she didn't seem to change at all. maybe it was paltrows acting (which as excellent in se7en) or my lack of interest for the movie. dunno. the costumes are nice, but the dancing was clumsy compared to pride and prejudice dancing by colin firth and jennifer ehle.i gave it a 2 basically for the fact knightly is bloody gorgeous, and although it as a rather patchy performance for ewan mcgregor, i liked his singing.

i saw this movie the other night and i have to honestly say it's one of the worst films i've ever seen. the acting is fair, but the plot is totally ridiculous. a killer is born because of all the "energy used to make the movie" and if the film is burned the killer will die? how unbelievable is that? the characters were underdeveloped to say the least...for example, all of a sudden the man mentions "aren't you trying to complete the film because your mother couldn't?" so we're supposed to go along with this? we had no idea it was her daughter until half way through the film. the movie really didn't spotlight on anyone, we didn't know anything about the main people who survived except ringwald's character was a whiney actress, the guy was on the set when the people died and raffy wanted to be a director like her mother. not truly diving in to know who they are. seemed things were rushed to just get to the killings. the whole plot is entirely too weak for my taste and i was extremely disappointed. anyone who enjoyed this piece of crap, obviously needs to learn a thing or two about film making. i can't believe anyone would agree to star or even work on this picture. it's not funny, it was not scary and was cliche through the entire film. i found myself predicting what would happen before each scene, which believe you me wasn't hard at all to do. it's a disgrace and i'm deeply sorry i wasted an hour and a half watching the mess. 1/10.

it seems that several of the people who have reviewed this movie only watched it in the first place because it was filmed near where they live. how's that for a ringing endorsement? if this movie was filmed near where i lived i wouldn't be mentioning it in my review. it is horrid! several reviews state that this film is a spoof or tongue-in-cheek horror movie, it is neither. it is sad to see this film reviewed as a comedy as that makes it not only a bad attempt at a horror film but as a comedy as well. i did laugh though, at how unbelievably bad the film was.this movie has 2 good things going for it, the mask and the weapon of choice, unfortunately it would have been more interesting watching an hour and a half of the mask and weapon laying on a table then watching this garbage. the social commentary behind the film is also laughable, juvenile and stupid. don't bother with this movie, you've already wasted time reading this review don't waste anymore on this movie. arrggghhh! it's infuriating that movies like this even get made. i was expecting the entire cast a crew to be credited to alan smithee, a name used when a person, usually a director, doesn't want to be credited with a movie because it's so bad.there is nothing redeeming in this movie, i spent $1.19 on the rental and feel i was ripped off. avoid. 1 out of 10

rip off of "scream" or especially "i know what you did last summer", there's some entertainment here, and a little scary, but they needed some originality.an entertainment score? 6.5/10 overall? 5.5/10

a slasher flick, made in the early 80's, has a curse on it which has anyone who tries to finish it turning up dead. years later, a group of film students attempted to complete the movie - also resurrecting the films deadly curse. great idea for a film, but sadly 'cut' is just another wasted opportunity.unfortunately australia hasn't had the world's best track record when it comes to horror. 'razorback' (1984) was an out and out dud as was 'holwing iii' (1987), which was half an american film anyway. as for our foray into comedy-horror, 'body melt' (1993) is best left forgotten. the problem with 'cut' is that the makers trying to create a clever horror satire a la 'scream' (1996) but have no insight into the genre or what makes it work. and although this sounds weird me saying this about a slasher film but what 'cut' really lacks is any "heart". sure it follows the basic "rules" established by 'scream', but it doesn't want to play with the formula, instead it goes for a cardboard copy of the earlier.the killer, scarman, is probably one of the most boring and uncharismatic villains in horror movie history. his endless barrage awkwardly, lame one-liners would make the dialogue of a porno seem like shakespeare. the cast never seem like their fully involved and look like their just waiting for a shoot to be over so they can collect their pay checks. and the feel of the film is like it's deliberately trying not to be creepy; looking more like an episode of 'neighbors' or 'heartbreak high'. by the way, those attempts at mtv style, hyper-cinema during the "research" sequence just look lame, dated and out of place.if australia ever gets a chance to do horror again (which i hope we still do) maybe we should take a leaf from the 'mad max' (1979) book. instead of trying to copy the u.s. we should be trying our own take on the genre.

the cover of box of this movie has kyle minogue's name on it, but she has the same destiny as drew barrymore did in "scream." that's the first thing that makes this movie lame; they are trying to market a movie with someone that's in it for 5 minutes.of course, we have to have this movie feature young hip college kids that are oblivious that there's a killer going around. to top it all off, molly ringwald of 80's teen movie fame is the star of this beautifully written film. it's a good career move for molly to get some money doing a crappy movie in australia so she won't get ridiculed in the states.either way, this dumb movie is about some dumb horror movie that was never finished because this dumb creature kills everyone that's in it. throughout the movie, we're supposed to guess who's the killer. long story short, remember our little friend molly, she saves the day...or does she?this move is just plain bad, rent it if you feel like torturing yourself or just break it on the floor of your local video store if you see it on the shelf. don't spread the horror.

a student filmmaker enlists a b-grade actress (a delectably diva-ish molly ringwald!) to complete the horror film that her mother (a dreadfully dull kylie minogue!) tried to make 12 years ago. it's a curious plot choice to say the least, as any aussie horror fan knows that the genre is sadly lacking in women directors. the film has a curse on it, because molly had to kill some psycho murderer on the original set. but she's back, because she needs the exposure. unfortunately, the curse is still there and people start dying on the "set." cut is an aussie attempt at the modern "slasher," but unfortunately it doesn't bring anything new or exciting to the table. in fact, it rips half of wes craven's 90s filmography. lots of film-world name-dropping a la "scream" (except it's aussie name-dropping--jane campion...see how this isn't as funny) and lots of "is this real or is this a movie" a la "new nightmare." the editing is bad, the music is annoying, the effects are laughable, almost everything is bad about this. fortunately, the film can have a sense of humor: at one point, a well-dressed girl in the movie crew says to the owner of the house they are filming at: "don't worry, we'll treat your house as if it were our own," to which he responds, "that doesn't mean anything to me, you look like you live in a dump!" ha! and molly's ridiculous one-liners were enough to not regret renting this one. "you got any diet coke in here?" (as she rides in the film professor's car) and "does anyone know where i can buy any tofu?" (the first thing she mutters on the set) and "where the hell is my agent?" (oh wait, that's what i was thinking for her.)

while filming an 80's horror movie called 'hot blooded', the director is brutally murdered and the leading lady is scarred as she survives the attack and manages to kill murderer. after all of this, the production is abandoned and the stock reels are left to gather dust. so a group of filmmakers decide to pick up where the film left off even though they're warned by people to keep away from the film, as the last person who was interested in the flick turned up dead in the cinema while watching the film. from this it's labelled as a cursed production. not taking these warnings seriously the crew goes ahead with the production and they get the original star of the movie to return from hollywood to reprise her role, but not as the daughter but the mother. but again the murders start occurring with the cast and crew getting butchered by an unknown figure dressed up as the film's killer.look what 'scream' started! hey, i enjoy those films, but mostly everything else that followed on afterwards were annoying and pointless excuses. during this stage the sub-genre came back with vengeance, but it wasn't much of a good thing as they were mostly unsuccessful and unoriginal attempts, where they followed the derivative pattern of the scream franchise. 'cut' which is an independent australian take on the textbook slasher genre is purely shonky garbage that lacks basically everything and shamelessly knocks off every other slasher flick. but you know what, i found it a cheesy delight. yeah, it's gawd awful and highly forgettable, but it's a bit of ala good cheap fun while it lasted. although i did hate it when i originally came across it, but the second time around i knew what i was getting myself into and it worked better for it. it was just like helping myself to a nice slice cheesecake again, but this time it wasn't so sweet.the film came out around the same time as 'scream 3' and 'urban legends: the final cut' did, which all three follow the same structure of using a movie within a movie. 'scream 3' is obviously the strongest of the three, but i would actually watch this trash over urban legends: the final cut. though, it did seem more of a throwback to the 80's slashers than that of one of scream's bastard offspring. pretty much the film is given b-grade treatment and that shows up in the script and performances. the dialog is truly unimaginative and hardly comes up with any surprises and suspense. while, the performances are pure mockery and molly ringwald takes the crown for it. she plays the wash-up actress returning to finish the cursed flick and i had good fun with her laughably ridiculous send-up performance. she provides the bite here and nails it down perfectly. the rest were mostly recognizable australian tv stars (that's if you're an australian) with a ravishing jessica napier leading the cast with the likes of stephen curry and frank roberts. also pop singer (and supposed actress) kylie minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to be hacked up! nice. these teens mostly followed the formula of horny and dim-witted kids that have nothing better to do but to be killed. sometimes it feels like they just waiting in queue, because they have no real substance to be there.the plot starts off rather interestingly, then heads into a mystery phase where red herrings pop up, but then it makes a sudden u-turn where it becomes a somewhat satire on the horror genre. simply it's rather choppy and when it comes to the explanation for all of this madness i was kind of left thinking… oh my. this when it tries to twist back onto itself in a clever manner, but sadly it falls along way. but don't you just love an opening ending. also it sports some pop culture references and a self referential, tongue-in-cheek approach. predictability makes its way in rather early and the jokes can become over-stated at times, but it knows that by poking fun at itself quite a bit. the atmosphere looses a bit of edge because of the humour taking away the bleakness, but still the isolated grand old mansion where they are filming has some neat touches that added 'some' spookiness. the cinema scene is done rather nicely too.now, now we know we want gore and nudity when watching this type of flick, but sadly there's no nudity to be found and the gore is pretty standard, if lacking but it's more then decent for such low-budget flick. there are one or two creative deaths, but the rest are systematic. the killer wasn't bad but when he spoke it kind of hurt it i thought, well the smart-ass attitude didn't sit well with me. another notes of the production which were dire ranged from the cut-away editing, out-of-place soundtrack and kimble rendall's direction lacked execution and was pretty careless, but these contributing factors pull together to add some sort of sheer entertainment to all of this badness.the imagination matches the budget that's for sure, but heck this lousy slasher wasn't trying to be anything else. pure schlock that's slightly amusing!

as with most of ben affleck's movies, the comedy is dry and story is predictable. that is if you want to call this a story. many points were left connected with no thought at all. i want to thank the director for not explaining the points better. i say that because, that would mean the torture would have lasted longer. as for any of ben affleck's failures, this one is no exception and is survivable only by the other actors. even then, the acting for the most part was contrived and was not believable. the trip down memory lane with actors i have not seen in years was not worth the price of admission. all thought it should be told, they too are quickly joining the ranks of the "has-been". my choice was to wait for my car to be fixed or watch this movie. i made the wrong decision. all in all i would give it a one laugh ... mainly because that is all i got out of it.

this movie had more holes than a piece of swiss cheese. ben affleck was seriously not trying to act in any way, shape, or form. he outright sucked. nothing about the movie was believable. the first problems were in the intro- where the man gives everything of value to the salvation army santa claus but it doesn't show why. and then the granny sticks her head in the oven- really beautiful, and has absolutely nothing to do with the movie- it's not even in the same tone as the movie. there was no explanation of the motivation for ben affleck to choose the house he chose; there was not any believable reactions by the family he chose; and people are swayed here and there without any cause to be swayed (example: christina applegate and ben affleck's characters go tobogganing down a steep slope- this is the incident that makes her suddenly fall in love with him. riiiight...) anyway, there was a funny moment or two- but they were a rarity in the movie. it seriously needed another rewrite (or 4). hope you enjoy!

james gandolfini is a good actor so what ever did he take a role in this piece of unfunny rubbish. affleck is just a lightweight who just can't cut it, the rest of the cast are truly unforgettable. i saw this in the usa in an empty theatre, i soon knew why the place was empty after about 10 minutes. i walked out before the end it was so bad, so imagine my surprise when back in england i saw the movie had a glowing report from that yoyo "paul ross" in one of the down market sundays. i always rely on ross to save me money on cinema tickets, if he says the movie is good, i get straight on this very website to check it out. this movie should have gone straight to £1.99 dvd in a supermarket near you.

this is quite possibly the worst christmas film ever. the plot is virtually non-existent, the acting (affleck in particular) is poor at best. ben affleck fans will probably defend this film but deep down they must agree. as far as i could gather the plot consisted of ben affleck, a millionaire salesman, is told by a shrink to go to a place that reminds him of his childhood and burn a list of things he wanted to forget from his childhood. on doing this he ends up paying the family currently living in the house to be his family for christmas... and that is it. the film goes on and eventually he gets together with the daughter of the family.... blah blah blah.

this thing is horrible. the ben affleck character is self-centered and gleefully sadistic--punch-you-in-the-nose fratboy sadistic. and he's the romantic hero! his cartoonish character does not change from beginning to end, but his money ultimately allows him to buy happiness.if i were a socialist, i would screed beyond belief, but i'm not a socialist.we capitalists like a little christmas magic from time to time. this ain't magic. i don't know what it is. it's just awful. and it's a horrible waste of talent. o'hara has been making me laugh hysterically since the late '70s. gandolfini. applegate. these people were all underused. if ben was out of the equation, these folks might have dreamed up something excellent.

i have to admit i laughed a few times during this trivial 2004 holiday movie, but it's already moving out of my short-term memory. in a career that is sliding rather swiftly toward tabloid obscurity, ben affleck, once a promising comic character actor who became enmeshed in the hollywood publicity machine to recreate himself into a romantic leading man. judging from this film, the transformation doesn't seem to be taking, as he continues to lack the gravitas that would make him credible in such parts. while his buddy matt damon takes on smart roles in films like "syriana", affleck appears in this type of commercial pap. at least the superficial character of successful but lonely advertising executive drew latham suits affleck better than most of the other roles he has tried.directed by mike mitchell (whose most famous film is 1999's "deuce bigelow: male gigolo") and scripted by no less than four screenwriters (always a bad sign), the flimsy plot revolves around his character's need to "rent" a family living in his childhood home in order to live out his fantasy of having the old-fashioned christmas he never had. the concept is actually intriguing because there is something to be said about the cathartic release of sentimentality we are all directed to feel amid the frenzied commercialism around the holidays. the real problem, however, is that the movie feels like an extended sketch lacking any logic or authentic emotional resonance. affleck seems to be on overdrive attempting desperately to be lovable, but the net result is an exhausting turn by an actor who has an increasingly annoying habit of playing stupid people in ill-conceived films. fortunately, he has the likes of james gandofini and catherine o'hara playing the valcos, the couple who decide to accept drew's monetary offer to pretend to be his parents.gandolfini plays tom like a gruff, non-violent relative of tony soprano, but he does what he can in the role. from her classic sctv days to christopher guest's mockumentaries, o'hara is always a comic gem no matter the vehicle, and unsurprisingly she earns the best laughs as tom's wife christine, whether dryly delivering a one-liner or posing in an inch of make-up for a dominatrix photo shoot. in what is becoming her standard screen role, christina applegate plays their mistrusting daughter alicia, who of course becomes drew's love interest. despite some good moments where she is enjoying the deceit of playing drew's sister in front of his girlfriend's family, her character seems to change in lightning-flash strokes making it hard to see what drew would see in her. the story spins completely out of control by the last third with one contrived situation piled on top of another until plot strands are tied together in short order. it's rumored that much of the movie was improvised since there was no finished shooting script. it shows, but i also have to admit i stuck with it to the bitter end.

i liked it, i really did. please don't think that i'm an idiot but i have to admit that i enjoyed this film. i expected it to be crap, it was crap, but sometimes its ok to relax and watch a crappy film that you don't have to concentrate too much on isn't it? i didn't expect any hidden meanings or morales, and there wasn't any, but that doesn't matter because i only watched it for entertainment, and it did entertain me throughout. films like this are why the ben stillers (excusing 'there's something about mary') and the vince vaughns (however you spell his last name, i couldn't be bothered checking)have jobs. it's ok to watch a crap film as long as you don't expect too much from it, and i for one shall take a stand, jog, perhaps run, but not drive because i don't have a car, to blockbuster video, or even choices, and rent a bunch of these toilet humoured films and stay in one night watching them. good day to you reader. p.s if you do not say that this comment helped you then i don't like you, if you do say it helped then god bless you, you will go to heaven.

as hard as it is for me to believe, with all of the awful reality shows out there over the past few years, this one has to take over the top spot for worst one yet. i am still wondering if this was actually just a spoof done by the sctv gang. if andy kaufmann were still alive i'd be sure he was behind this. can a rock band stoop any lower than has inxs to do such a shameful thing as this? the premise is simple and moronic. audition a bunch of karaoke rejects to become the new lead singer of inxs, to take the place of michael hutchence (who committed suicide in 1997). eight years and no hits later, the band commit the ultimate act of patheticness by subjecting themselves to auditioning a bunch of talentless wannabes to be the new lead singer of a band that is 20 years past its prime. so they trot all of these awful singers (i thought american idol had its share of doozies) who do atrocious renditions of just about every classic (and predictable) rock song imaginable. and then they cut to the inxs band members who are seriously discussing the merits of each of these candidates. you could see better (and more original) rock performers at just about any night club in any city in the world.it has all the usual uncreative elements of every other reality show. lame reality participants, lame interviews, lame host/emcee, lame "judging" of performances, and the lame booting of one participant at the end of each show. can these shows get any more predictable? it's clearly a publicity stunt on the part of the band; a last gasp of hope at rekindling their lost stardom before they are finally buried into oblivion. michael hutchence, if he had any shred of dignity when alive, has to be rolling over in his grave. not that inxs were ever a great band, but i had no idea they were this pathetic. if inxs are at all representative of what rock and roll has become, this show would be the final proof that rock and roll is once and for all, dead.

i love all his work but this looks like nothing.. sorry.. this looks more like a "david lynch copycat". i think people like it only because "it's from david lynch".

...but this just isn't working and i am surprised to see how many people consider it good. on what grounds? there are some loose hints here and there, but the whole material is self-indulgent and unconvincing. lynch's movies are generally intriguing because they generate a sense of confusion and yet, are very playful when doing that. there is some visual sense, there are some subplots, characters, ideas etc. but this is dull and yes, pointless. because whatever there is to explore is either to "small", either too far-fetched, or simply told before in a superior manner. it's just lynch exploring dv, nothing more so it should be treated like this. 1/10

wow, i love and respect pretty much anything that david lynch has done. however, this movie is akin to a first filmmaker's attempt at making a pseudo art video. to give you a couple of examples: 1. david lynch is typically a visual filmmaker, however, this had little visual artistic content (blank walls, "up shots" with ceiling in the background) 2. david lynch typically takes great pride in audio, however, in this you could even hear the video camera's hum. in fact, it is very hard to swallow the idea that he had anything to do with this movie. unless......this is a joke, on david's part, to force fans search his website (for hours) only to find this drivel. i hope so, because at least that idea is funny.

i finally got to have a look at this experimental lynch short after waiting for so long....and unfortunately, it wasn't worth it! even for a die hard lynch fan, i found this to be really tedious....nothing happens, there are long, long, long painful pauses where nothing happens, long, monotonous speeches where nothing is said and the whole thing finishes with the viewer not knowing, or caring, what the hell it was all about, what happened before and what happened afterward. there was a mulholland drive allusion - the blonde girl and the brunette girl were very diane and rita -esque, and a lost highway moment with allusions to some significant event that happened but cannot be talked about clearly. unfortunately, it's all very uninteresting and very dull, nothing happens, it's very forgettable and i think i will delete it from my computer and forget i ever watched it. sorry david!

i am a huge fan of david lynch. this film, however, was a quite disappointing experience. apart from the ambient background music – which really sets the mood of the film – it lacks almost all the qualities that i've come to associate with lynch's work. the visuals are dull, to say the least, and the dialog is to vague and monotone to be of any interest.this feels more like a film students awkward try to do an arty dogma movie than the work of an experienced director. i've seen a lot of amateur movies with far superior camera-work, scenery, sound and script. this film lacks almost all artistic qualities. i feel as though i'm watching one of davids home videos, produced during a weekend trip with some friends.

i grew up watching and loving tng. i just recently finished watching the entire series st voyager on dvd, which may have heightened my sense of disgust with this episode, as the difference in style and approach between the two shows couldn't be more stark. the idea may have been good if used as an opportunity to further expand riker's character, which is how it probably would have been treated on voy. they could have featured memories that would be "new" to the audience, rather than simply regurgitating old show clips. the in and out transitions between the "memories" and the "present" in this episode start as cliché in the beginning, and very quickly become intolerable as the tired pattern wears on and on. bar none- worst episode ever.

because of the 1988 writers guild of america strike they had to shoot this episode in 3 days. it's pretty much crap, consisting of repeat cut + pasted clips from season 2 and was described by its writer, maurice hurley as "terrible, just terrible." why the producers couldn't just wait to shoot something decent who knows. i'm guessing because of the strike the production ran out of money and could only release a flashback episode or maybe roddenberry was too sick at the time to be able to veto this half-assery. this episode also marks the final appearance of diana muldaur (dr. katherine pulaski) on the series.

the direction struck me as poor man's ingemar bergman. the inaudible dialogue was annoying. the somber stoicism that all characters except banderas' showed made me think they were drugged. i think the director ruined it for me.

this movie is a good example of how to ruin a book in 109 minutes. except for the names of the characters the movie bears very little resemblance to the book. a book full of strong latino characters and they are represent, for the most part, by non-latinos. there is no character development in the movie and we have no reason to love or hate the characters. and to delete a complete generation is inexcusable. isabel allende has written a powerful book and the book is what should be read!

i read the novel some years ago and i liked it a lot. when i saw the movie i couldn't believe it... they changed everything i liked about the novel, even the plot. i wonder what did isabel allende (author) say about the movie, but i think it sucks!!!

this movie is not only poorly scripted and directed but is simply distasteful. a beautiful novel is terribly misrepresented in this film. many changes have been made to the storyline, presumably to streamline the timeframe. but what results is simply confusing. the acting can't possibly overcome the script which removes the characters' motives for their behavior. plus, the conversion to english does not work when everyone refers to the patriarch esteban as esteban. horrible. please please please read the gorgeous novel, in spanish if possible. don't see this film. it will ruin for you what could be a wonderful experience.

we all know a movie never does complete justice to the book, but this is exceptional. important characters were cut out, blanca and alba were essentially mushed into the same character, most of the subplots and major elements of the main plot were eliminated. clara's clairvoyance was extremely downplayed, making her seem like a much more shallow character than the one i got to know in the book. in the book we learn more about her powers and the important effects she had on so many people, which in turn was a key element in the life of the family. in the movie she was no more than some special lady. the relationship between esteban and pedro tercero (tercero-third-, by the way, is the son and thus comes after segundo-second-) and its connections to that between esteban and his grandson from pancha garcía (not son, who he also did recognize) is chopped in half and its importance downplayed.one of the most fundamental things about the book that the film is all but stripped of: this is called "the house of the spirits." where is the house? the story of 3-4 generations of a family is supposed to revolve around the "big house on the corner," a line stated so many times in the novel. the house in fundamental to the story, but the movie unjustly relegates it to a mere backdrop.if i hadn't read the book before, i would have never guessed that such a sappy, shallow movie could be based on such a rich and entertaining novel.

"the house of the spirits" is quite awful. i live in south america, in a country that suffered a military dictatorship just like the one the movie tries to describe, and even though everyone knows movies may be far far away from reality, this particular movie treats viewers as both ignorant and stupid. things are not so simple and linear as appears here, and of course political process are much more complicated and interesting that the plot in "the house...". if you can't show that complexity on screen is better not making a movie at all. there are a lot of examples of how can politics be seriously taken in cinema, without so many commonplaces. in some parts i felt that carmen miranda may appear within parrots and palm trees. when you talk about certain things you must be not only careful but respectful to your public's intelligence.

this film may have been the biggest let-down i've experienced in renting movies based on imdb reviews. overall, i simply found this to be a second-rate movie.leslie cheung is certainly passable as the antihero and ma wu handles his character with cheerful competence. on the other hand, ma wu's makeup (facial hair) is so obviously phony that i simply could not take him seriously. he looked like an overweight teenager dressed up for halloween, complete with the $4.95 stick-on beard.the special effects were so-so, though the "undead" in the cellar were pretty good. the tree-tongue looked like something from a bad 1950s monster flick, though the pov shots from the tongue's view more closely resembled sam raimi's trademark shots in the more recent "evil dead" trilogy. the pyrotechnics were ho-hum and the final battle is about as dull as you can get. (in fact, it most closely reminded me of the "lost in space" episode where the robinsons are caught in a sandstorm and....) the plot was not particularly original and has been told countless times in the form of european fairy tales. there was no suspense and no plot twists. in fact, you know right away as you are introduced to the characters who is good, who is bad, and who is going to survive.i just returned this film to netflix and then i sat down to write this review. the very first thing i did was check the production date. yep, it says 1987...not the 1967 that i thought it might be. and that pretty much sums it up: the production values and fx are typical of the 1960s. the plot and action seem much older, as hollywood was actually producing some interesting and challenging films in the 60s.** out of *****

this movie is not as good as all think. the actors are lowlevel and the story is very comic-like. i respect fantasy but lord of the rings is fantasy...conan..is fantasy...this is just normal hk-lowprice-entertainment...why did they include this splatter-tongue, it makes everything worse. the only good thing is the cinematography and the cutter's job.

'utter crap' pretty well sums up what this...."movie" was. i'd rather examine the colon of an african elephant with a penlight than sit through this again. i think i've wasted enough time watching this "movie" - i don't need to waste more by commenting on it further......

this short spoof can be found on elite's millennium edition dvd of "night of the living dead". good thing to as i would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it.replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper. in execution, it's a different matter. this short didn't even elicit a chuckle from me. i really never thought i'd say this, but "night of the day of the dawn of the son of the bride of the return of the revenge of the terror of the attack of the evil, mutant, alien, flesh eating, hellbound, zombified living dead part 2: in shocking 2-d" was a very better parody and not nearly as lame or boring.my grade: f

predictable parody, just about failed to impress throughout it's looooooong eight minutes. the only thing that made it worthwhile was the do not colorize line at the end credits. shame something more entertaining wasn't put on the dvd, like jonathan ross' enjoyable profile of romero on 'the incredible strange film show.'

with the exception of about 10 sublime minutes with hb warner on the celestial train, this was 94 minutes of jaw-dropping horribleness! the acting was atrocious, but the story is what i really found appalling. the acting was wooden and stilted, even by early talkies standards (the exceptions being lee tracy and hb warner, neither of whom can do wrong). rose hobart was absolutely horrid and lifeless as julie (as she likewise was in 1932's dr jekyll and mr hyde, an otherwise excellent flick). and the rest of the cast was worse, there being no words to describe their awfulness. worse than the acting, however, was the story. for some unknown reason, julie loves liliom, a cad and user of women with no redeeming qualities whatsoever. he marries julie but doesn't support her, instead lying in bed all day or hanging out with his low-life criminal pal (lee tracy). and, oh yeah, he never has a kind word to say to julie and he regularly beats her. julie loves him nonetheless and continually makes excuses for him, which only seems to make him more abusive. what's even sicker is that this movie presents this story to us as a love story. somehow we are supposed to see julie as a noble character whose pure love redeems liliom. wtf? the last 1/3 of this movie takes place after liliom has killed himself (a robbery plot goes awry and liliom plunges a knife into himself rather than being taken in by the police). as he lay dying, he tells julie "i beat you all the time, but i'm not sorry for it." when he at last dies, she finally tells him she loves him. (neither character ever said "i love you" to the other while they were alive.) after his death, god's chief magistrate gives liliom one more day on earth so that he can "do something good" for his unborn daughter. the price for this is 10 years in hell. after 10 years, liliom is allowed one day on earth to see his now 10-yr-old daughter. he approaches her in the front yard of her home and tries to cajole her into letting him "do something good" for her; he tries to get her to play cards, he tries to give her gabriel's horn, but she's not interested and rebuffs him. so he slaps her. he. slaps. her. and then he disappears back to the afterlife. looking on, we see his daughter tell julie about this. the girl says the slap didn't hurt, that it felt like a kiss. this is supposed to be the movie's magical moment. the girl asks her mother if such a thing is possible, and julie replies that "someone can be beat you and beat you and beat you and not hurt you at all." then the music swells and liliom rides up to heaven in the celestial train. blech! there was one saving grace to this film, and that is the interview between the chief magistrate (hb warner was truly magnificent here) and liliom on the celestial train. the magistrate had some very profound things to say to liliom about life and second chances and death. this scene alone made me bump this rating from 1 to 2 stars. regarding liliom's suicide as a means for escaping his problems, the magistrate says "people suppose that when they die, their difficulties are ended for them. you thought that by killing yourself that you would cancel all your responsibilities. it is not as simple as that. on earth your name is still spoken; your face is still remembered. as long as one is left who remembers you, so long is the matter unended. until you have been completely forgotten, you will not be finished with the earth, even though you are dead." some great sublime transcendental stuff amongst some of the most horrible trash i've ever seen. by the way, this story has apparently been filmed many times both as "liliom" and as the musical "carousel."

during the cheap filmed in video beginning of crazy fat ethel ii, i wondered if it was the same film that was on the cover. unfortunately, it was. the story itself is mindlessly simple. ethel, a homicidal maniac with an eating disorder, is released into a halfway house because of hospital overcrowding. she is by far the most sane resident watching while one man puts dead flies into another's soup. ethel is then teased by one of the halfway house employees with a chocolate bar after he hits on the cost cutting measure of feeding the residents dog food. ethel retaliates by strangling him with a wire noose on the stairs and then....well, you get the idea. if this all sounds like fun, it isn't. this film was poorly made with cheap effects and even worse acting. the characters are so wooden when delivering their lines that they should be standing out in front of a cigar store. to make matters worse, half of the film consists of flashbacks to the first ethel movie, criminally insane, which is little better. a very poor effort.

criminally insane 2 is included on the new dvd of satan's black wedding/criminally insane, and it's a good thing too, because when i've seen a movie and know there's a sequel (especially something that's as obscure as this) i'm always curious. i've now had my curiosity satisfied and will never watch this again. most of ci2 is nothing but "flashbacks" to ci, and footage of ethel asleep, recalling fond memories, i guess. thanks to proposition 13 she's released from napa state (wonder if she got to see the cramps play while she was there?) and sent to a halfway house run by a nice old lady that ethel promptly takes to calling "granny". this is all filmed with a video camera so the picture and sound are rather pathetic, and it's even complete with a couple of "rolls". of course ethel does her thing, which is to dispatch anyone between her and food, especially the guy that witnesses one of her acts of mayhem and extorts her dessert. also, you have to wonder about any halfway house for murderers having a big drawer full of sharp knives in the kitchen and rat poison under the kitchen sink. guess that's all a matter of misguided "trust". if you liked or disliked criminally insane, either way there's no good reason to watch this except out of curiosity. one wonders why the makers of this even bothered. 2 out of 10.

i should have listened. i was warned, and still, i paid money for this, after reading all the reviews, after knowing the original is "so bad it's good", and that part 2 does not fit into that category at all, still, even then, i couldn't resist. exactly what happened here? part one was hilarious, it had so much politically incorrectness, and other crazy, fat entertainment, and this one, there just couldn't possibly be a worse sequel on god's green earth, not basket case 2, hell, not even troll 2. this is truly the worst sequel in history and that's really saying something considering the groundbreaking, bottom of the barrel qualities of the original. criminally insane part 2 was just a completely different brand of bad. shot on video, zero score, zero entertainment value, 1/3 consists of flashbacks of the original, and on top of all that, crazy, fat ethel has lost a portion of her girth. i mean, honestly, is this some kind of sick joke?!? thank's a lot, nick milliard. 1/1

due to budget cuts, ethel janowski (again played by priscilla alden) is released from a mental institution (even though she killed six people) and delivered to the hope bartholomew halfway house. once there, she immediately relapses into her criminally insane ways and kills anyone who gets between her and her food.holy moly! does this movie suck! you know you are in trouble when the open credits start up and they are just the credits from the first film, apparently filmed off a tv screen. nick millard (under his pseudonym nick phillips) decided to return to the world of crazy fat ethel over ten years later and with a budget that probably covered the cost of a blank tape and a video camera rental for the weekend. let's just say that millard's unique style doesn't translate well to video. seriously, i have made home movies with more production value than this. and millard tries to pull a silent night, deadly night 2 by padding half the running time with footage from the first film (which looks like it was taken off a worn vhs copy). alden is again good as ethel but the film is so inept that you start to feel sorry for her for starring in this garbage. i mean, at least the first film tried. here we have no music, weaker effects (if that is at all possible), shaky camera work, horrible audio and editing that looks like it was done with two vcrs hooked up. avoid this at all costs!

the first movie is pretty good. this one is pretty bad.recycles a lot of footage (including the opening credits and end title) from criminally insane. the new footage, shot on video, really sticks out as poorly done. scenes lack proper lighting, the sound is sometimes nearly inaudible, there's even video glitches like the picture rolling and so on.like all bad sequels, it basically just repeats the story of the first one. ethel kills everybody who shares her living space, often for reasons having to do with them getting in the way of food she wants.at least it is only an extra on the dvd for the first one, which also includes the same director's film satan's black wedding. too bad it doesn't include the death nurse movies though.

nick millard aka nick phillips should have left well-enough alone when he made "criminally insane" 10 years before the release of this god-awful waste of time and effort. the fact that the original "criminally insane" was less than an hour in length should have clued him into the fact that he had probably milked this storyline for all he was going to get out of it...but instead he opts to use tons of footage from the original in this one as well, even to the point of recycling the original opening credit sequence! unfortunately, bringing back the rapidly aging priscilla alden did not save this one. what little bit of original footage there was in this flick looks as if it were filmed with a rented hand-held camcorder! if this film cost more than $100 to make i would be very surprised and i would be equally surprised if it made anything close to that amount! avoid this one and watch the original instead!

the line is funnier in england, where, away from vixen!'s native america, the word "fanny" has a whole new meaning. sadly, it's the only laugh you'll get in this terrible sex comedy that is neither sexy nor funny.oddly unalluring with painted-on eyebrows, erica gavin (acting ability: zero) is a nymphomaniac who lusts after her own brother, but rejects his black friend while making derogatory remarks about watermelons. as if in revenge, he asks her if she would go with a shetland pony. reference is also made to "making it with monkeys". gavin's ability to shake and tremble with orgasmic pleasure at the slightest touch is matched only in it's lack of appeal by her seduction dance – which involves a bonfire and a haddock. personally, i preferred the haddock.for '68 this was pretty tame stuff, and belies the controversy it attracted at the time. a character claims to be "getting stoned", though it's only on bourbon, and for one of the original "x" certificates, there's no full frontal nudity. just six years later we would be getting timmy lea and his confessions, but here we have to make do with topless shots. only gavin's final seduction of her own brother really shocks. another activity for vixen is where she helps settle the sexual problems between a married couple by sleeping with them both. the two women clearly aren't enjoying acting out their scene together, and make a poor effort to disguise it. after vixen irons out their disharmony, the romantic husband concludes of his wife "i guess she's got it coming to her!"the only near-worthwhile segment involves an unusual discussion of cuban communism. it seems out of place with the rest of the film, though is spliced with shots of gavin's breasts to rope it in to continuity. this then leads into a vague anti-vietnam stance, which is commendable, though dropped in the middle of such a frivolous film it seems trite and insensitive, not to say downright tasteless. incidentally, the part of would-be communist niles brooke is taken by harrison page, the same harrison page who played captain trunk in amusing comedy sledge hammer! page must be embarrassed by his back catalogue (which also includes meyer's beyond the valley of the dolls), though meyer apologists would have you believe the terrible dialogue, lousy acting, sloppy direction and dire editing are not just part of the charm, but wholly intentional. as a defence, it fails to hold water.the irritating incidental music – a cross between the tunes they play in cinema restaurant ads and muzak used by tv stations when the transmission breaks down – is omnipresent and intrusive; while even the silly, amateurishly skewed camera angles can't generate interest. a wonderful world of jazz saxophones, where women have been "asking for it", black men – or "shines" – aren't good enough for anyone, and rape is an acceptable form of revenge. absolutely abysmal.

a movie about vixen (erica gavin) who has a mountie husband who she loves...but she loves sex too! in the course of the movie she gets multiple men in bed--including her husband and brother! also there's a (tame) lesbian sequence.this film put russ meyer on the map and was (i believe) the first critically acclaimed x rated film ever. it was a big hit when it came out. unfortunately, it doesn't date well.it is well-directed and erica gavin is just great (whatever happened to her), and it was very colorful...but by today's standards it's extremely tame. i'm surprised it has an nc-17 rating now--there's no hardcore sex and it only has topless females and no male nudity at all. also it's (sadly) pretty dull and the addition of politics at the end was confusing (and pretty silly). it is worth catching though to see what was considered very shocking in 1968. purportedly i saw the cut version (which has an r rating) but i've heard only a few seconds here and there are missing. meyer's next film "beyond the valley of the dolls" is much better and dates very well. catch that instead.

i want to clarify a few things. i am not familiar with ming-liang tsai movies, and i am very familiar with art cinema; i grow up in the seventies times of goddard, fellini, bergman, bertolucci and many others.art movies then were really art; like paints. people did it to express their inner feelings, not really worried about if other people understand anything. they were beyond commercial values; just look some old antonioni (or early picasso) and you will understand.tian bian yi duo yun (the wayward cloud) has nothing to do with that. it is an opportunistic movie, intended to fool festival judges and critics, playing many things without saying anything.the story makes no sense. the lack of water makes the government to promote the use of watermelons to hydrate. a girl in desperation, steal water from the public bathrooms wc. there is also a porno start (neighbor) trying to make a movie with an actress he does not seems to feel comfortable with. there is some romantic awakening between the girl and the porno star. the mess ends with a sexual scene (not pornographic) that many people feel shocked about, but i believe it is less provocative than you can see in american pie or history of violence.the two main characters never talk. sometimes, a musical number 60 style appears and explains (through a song) what is happening in characters minds. these video clips, are really welcomed because the previous scene, without dialog or music only people looking at each other, takes sometimes 4, 5 or even more minutes which in movie times is too much. there is also a few bits about "the difficult to make sex without love", the "selfish mind of the porno industry". it is obvious, this movie intended (get away with it) to fool festival juries and critics. it have a few pseudo-shocking scenes (within the limits of taiwan censorship) and many subjects are open, but nothing is concluded or goes anywhere. these tricks, got the movie a few (disputed) important prices in film festivals and get the movie an undeserved commercial success (i see the movie in france and the theater was packed). however, please, do not be fooled. there is nothing new or original or even originally told or filmed in this movie. it is boring and empty; really a fraud to public. boogie nights (which i did not really liked), intimacy and 9 songs are far better movies.

they have sex with melons in asia.okay. first, i doubted that, but after seeing the wayward cloud, i changed my mind and was finally convinced that they have sex with watermelons, with people dead or alive. no safe sex of course. the (terrifyingly ugly) leading man shoots it all into the lady's mouth after he did the dead lady. never heard of hiv? guess not.the rest of this movie is mainly boring, but also incredibly revolting. as a matter of fact, in parts it got so disgusting i couldn't take my virgin eyes off. sex with dead people! how gross is that? and what's the message behind it all? we need water, we need melons, we need to be dead to have sex? sorry, but this stinks!

the movie is actually too slow. there are some nice images but it cannot outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact boring. you see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more. it may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours isn't fun at all. though you laugh several times but it's really not enough and it may be more out of despair and disbelieve than out of fun. to disturb the boredom director tries to put few movie video-clips into the movie. they are really colorful clips of absurd songs maybe from the 50's but it's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it's really sad. several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something, that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow evaporates and that's it. beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music. the director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost. personally i cannot recommend the movie. i believe that art is something that shouldn't be boring. during the projection there was yawning all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review.

redundant, everlasting shots, useless shots, useless scenes are what you will find in this film. in other words, it seemed technically poor to me. the musical bits are amateurishly directed (no synchronization in the would-be dancing, badly post-synchronized, bad and obvious improvisation of the actors from time to time, etc). the film is long and boring. eventually, it makes few point and even less sense. there are some good ideas though. some of the comic elements are actually efficient, especially the opening scene. however, the film gets worse and worse so that it is completely unbearable and impossible to understand by the end. the trailer i saw was very dynamic, that is not true for the film. that is to say the discrepancy between the trailer and the actual film is something very close to a rip off.

the acting itself wasn't even that bad, since it did't come to mind in the movie but whatever had this director in mind? the intended climb towards some climax completely missed the mark,..almost all scenes involve acting that stand so far from our own intentions and way of reacting on things that you don't really attach to any actor in the movie,..empty silences,..in this case, see through cheap method of boasting your way into potential metaphorical brilliance,..which just wasn't here at all,..i guess i'm bitching but shit,..2 hours of my time,..

i'll start with what i liked.i really liked the songs, everything about them was great, the costumes, music, lyrics (as long as the translation was good :) ), choreography, everything.i loved the crab scene and the cooking scene.but that's about it.i get it, arty cinema, blablabla, but too much is too much. too much silence (it was interesting for an hour, but two hours of hearing steps and moaning from time to time, really...), too much boredom (no movie should ever be boring, no matter how deep it was to be!), too much porn-like scenes (i do get it really, i get that they were filming a porn movie there, but really, really, really that is too much) i truly think, that cinema should be for watching and this one is definitely not watchable in no way.3 stars for the songs.

this film comes as the ultimate disappointment in tsai ming-liang for me. it oozes laziness from its every frame. so i'm not going to analyse it thoroughly either. but some observations:1. if the premise is drought, why we get to see city landscapes with blooming green trees? i wonder if that was supposed to mean something in the metaphorical context of the film (in which thirst notifies the craving for intimacy, and watermelon the trivial substitute, sex). or it is only a matter of lousy film-making, not giving a damn about being coherent.2. we don't get to know what had happened to the porn actress, why she is unconscious or, presumably, dead. it seems a question of no importance as long as the message of supreme alienation is successfully (=bombastically) delivered, but in retrospect, her inert body proves to be a cheap dramaturgical gimmick, a pretext – just as gratuitous and exploitative as the activity it is employed in.3. nothing is expressed in this movie that antonioni hadn't expressed better 40 years ago – and without needlessly humiliating his actors.4. the musical numbers (recycled from 'the hole') felt like a secondary-schooler's idea of artistic counterpointing, executed on that very secondary-school level of skill. if that was the point, the point sucked.

the wayward cloud is a frustrating film to watch. infuriatingly enigmatic, it treats each shot like a work of art. you get the impression that the composition of each shot has been designed and prepared with a degree of exquisite care that borders on obsession; expressing how far cinema has progressed since the very first films were cranked out in the nineteenth century and mimicking their construction, the camera here hardly ever moves – apart from during the camp and colourful musical numbers. ambient noise is kept to a minimum and barely a word is spoken. this curious but effective device forces the audience to focus their attention on visual stimuli alone so that, even as the story progresses at a snail-like pace we feel ourselves becoming immersed. unfortunately, for me at least, this immersion begins to unravel somewhere around the hour mark. i began to feel as if the film was challenging me to keep watching while becoming more difficult as the minutes dragged so that the mere act of watching became a battle of wills.had the content of this film not been as sexual as it is it would no doubt been even more obscure to western audiences. as it is, there's an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse on an unconscious (or possibly dead) woman that is so repugnant that, while it may speak volumes about the degradation to which pornography subjects both men and women (the users and the used) it is so over-zealous in the manner in which it chooses to make its point as to effectively render it ineffective. of course the worst and most enthusiastic participants of the explosion in available pornographic content will seek this film out for all the wrong reasons and watch it with their sticky finger on the fast-forward button of the remote.for all its problems, the film is definitely a stayer, and the more you think about it the more sense certain aspects of it seem to make. ironically, for a film in which so little happens, the viewer would probably be proportionately rewarded by watching a second or even third time. for me, however, once was enough…

after harry reems' teenage girlfriend is raped by zebbedy colt (the night-walker), reems becomes despondent and consoles himself by having sex with some lesbians. meanwhile, colt, who carries a cane and dresses like a magician, rapes some more women. eventually, reems decides to track him down and end his crime spree. despite being shot on film and marginally nasty, it looks like any other 70's porno and is ineptly executed. the rape/abuse scenes are surprisingly restrained and the attempt to cash in on "death wish" is laughable. r. bolla ("cannibal holocaust") plays a cop. colt, who is usually over-the-top, wigs out in a couple of scenes, but he's too well behaved for my money. this roughie could have been much rougher.

sex wish was actually released (minus ten minutes of more, ahem, 'extreme' footage) here in the uk back in the early days of the video boom, and caused a tabloid storm in a teacup when it allegedly inspired a copycat murder case. strangely enough, the papers brushed this ultra-disturbing flick under the carpet in their headlong rush to get the comparatively innocuous likes of frozen scream and night of the demon canned, and the film has been all but forgotten as a result. i jumped at the chance to watch it on a dvd-rw and spent most of the film's duration with my jaw on the floor. it's not so much politically incorrect as utterly demented, a triple-x take on michael winner's death wish (did the title kind of give the game away as far as inspiration was concerned?) with hardcore sex and some truly nasty violence thrown into an already bubbling brew of seventies sleaze. if you don't consider yourself to be squeamish, this may force you to think again. by the time sex wish is over, you'll want to scrub your eyeballs clean with disinfectant and take a long hot shower to purge yourself. if any film truly deserves the "it's only a movie, only a movie, only a movie" tag-line, it's this one.highlights (or lowlights) - a rapist using a vibrator on a victim as he masturbates over her, harry reems's scene-stealing moustache, the helpless young black couple who are forced to screw in front the sword cane killer (they'd have won oscars for their entirely credible performances if the academy had gone mad) before the man is castrated for his troubles, and some jarringly slick direction that threatens to lift the proceedings above their obvious grind-house origins. don't say i didn't warn you. if you thought the world was a more innocent place thirty years ago, sex wish will prove you very, very wrong.

the bfg is one of roald dahl's most cherished books, but in this animated adaptation the magic just isn't there. this version remains pretty faithful to dahl's original story so one can't lay the blame on john hambley's script. if anything the fault lies with the colourless animation, the lethargic pace and the generally lacklustre voice-overs. one would be right to expect this story to make for a happy, vibrant, fun-filled movie..... instead, the film is a hopelessly dull affair that becomes quite tedious to watch. children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first! all the film will achieve is to put them off read what is actually a children's' classic.young orphan sophie (voice of amanda root) lives in a none-too-friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of mrs clonkers. one evening she is peering through the window when she spots a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street. the figure realises it has been seen, so it reaches in through the window and scoops sophie from her bed, placing her into its enormous pocket before fleeing into the night. sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from giant country, and fears that he will eat her. but to her relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who introduces himself as the bfg (voice of david jason). the bfg refuses to eat people, instead restricting himself to foul-tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers. however, giant country is populated by numerous other giants who do feast - every night, as it happens - on poor unsuspecting humans. sophie and the bfg become great friends, and soon they come up with a plan to thwart the other giants. together they go to the queen of england (voice of angela thorne) with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man-eating giants. the queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else.jason voices the bfg quite well (one of the few pluses in the film) but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality. the rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired, with very little to bring the characters to life. similarly, the bfg is the only character that is imaginatively animated - sophie lacks appeal, and the giants are boringly designed (and look almost indistinguishable from each other). even the places are uninventive; giant country especially comes up short, being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons. at 88 minutes the film is not exactly lengthy, yet it drags quite badly in parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences. little of dahl's mischievous humour is conveyed satisfactorily. one chapter in the book deals with the bfg's love of "whizzpopping" (farting) and is laugh-out-loud hilarious. in the film, the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling. i came to the the bfg expecting lots of zest, fun and enjoyment, but what i got was pretty much the opposite! this one is a failed misfire that simply doesn't match the calibre of the book in any department - unfortunately, therefore, it must go down as one to skip.

almost in the same league as yonfan's rather atrocious color blossoms, spider lillies drives the point home that you can make cutting edge cinema without the edge, or much in the way of cutting. it's a taiwanese film, which in this day and age is becoming a novelty at an alarming pace, but more than that tidbit, we can find very little in the way of the noteworthy here.you should know that ostensibly spider lillies is also a lesbian-themed story, but in every aspect this is nothing but a plastic ploy to lure in the easily seduced and gullible. in several ways we have here a repeat of fellow recent taiwan release eternal summer. then it was gay men getting the shortchange treatment, now we have the same thing with women. zero chou presents, for your non-existent edification, a tale likely to titillate at most a fifteen year old. they managed some of the art house stance, but in the end this results in a most inane, simply uninteresting foray.the hong kong angle comes in the form of isabella leung (bug me not, isabella, diary), here sporting her most butch look yet. although somewhat likable in her previous jobs, isabella in spider lillies is listless and lacking in most departments. either her heart wasn't into it or the whole lesbian drama pitch didn't quite appeal to her sensibilities.she does a taipei tattoo artist who's shy, reclusive and in charge of a mentally challenged younger brother, played by john shen, who thankfully grants the movie its only thespian-related redeeming feature. isabella's character, oddly named takeko but supposedly hailing from hong kong, soon hooks up with disaffected youth jade (rainie yang from fondly-recalled meteor garden). the latter lives with her grandmother and has a whole list of grievances due to being left behind by her parents and life in general. sure, the grandmother component works well and is touching, but otherwise jade as a protagonist is just as unmoving as her counterpart takeko.the two women share a past and lots of inadequately covered angst, with jade working as a webcam girl while takeko keeps her father's legacy alive with a unique tattoo of a spider lilly emblazoned on her arm. jade also wants to acquire this very design, which leads to takeko exploring internal feelings of the issue via flashbacks and rather minimal discourse with the spunky jade.well, if there's little discourse to write the homebase about, is at least the intercourse memorable? in a word, no. they kiss and feign doing the nasty close to the end, but just as eternal summer reminded us not long ago, there's a gulf measured in lightyears between showing sexual content and making ticket buyers think they're about to see sexual content.this cynical expectation-building seals spider lillies' fate. with a weak story, ho-hum acting and an overall dearth of relics to take away from the theater with you, this one kind of makes color blossoms look good, come to think of it. at least there we got a bit of teresa cheung's mammaries. no, spider lillies is no av masterpiece and should be stricken from the playlist of even the most mundane and timid glb movie festival.amazingly for a pseudo-indie release, not even the soundtrack and cinematography produce moments of inspiration. that's just as well, since it makes passing on spider lillies much easier. believe you us, avoid it and you won't be missing out on anything good.rating: * *

i am never a big fan of taiwan movie production as opposed to korean, hongkong or even china. strong acting quality is hardly found in them as clearly shown in this film. i don't consider myself as hard-to-please audience as i am, in fact, a fan of indie movies. however this movie shows weak plot and slow pace. i found myself lost in the middle as to where the plot is going. the acting certainly does not make it better. rainie's acting is sub par as she 'over-act', trying to be perky and cute. although i have to admit she is a pleasure to look at. isabella leong on the other hand plays a more suitable role as a confused, sad, regretful, extremely reserved character. overall i find this movie is a disappointment.

teamo supremo are three kids, consisting of their leader- captain crandall, rope girl and skate lad, all with their own battlecry (buza! chika! woopa!) and outfit and moves. they work for the governor, kevin, and were recruited after wishing to be heroes and playing at that game. they lead normal lives as well, and have family and school duties, but most of the action takes place away from school fighting villains. the villains all have rather unique and singular traits, such as mister vague and his men who never seem to know what their plans are but act anyway. from an evil robot to a wicked baron the three have to encounter them and stop their evil, and often strange, plans to gain power, take revenge etc.the animation itself is quite nice and smooth, but the style appears to be simple on purpose. the backgrounds have overlapping colour and the buildings seem futuristic. the music is quite nice, and the show isn't too bad altogether, although the style isn't my favourite.the plots are almost always nonsensical and ridiculous, but after all this is a cartoon and one can't blame them for that. however this would not be in the same rank as fillmore! or pepper ann.

i am usually disappointed by network movies. even flix that attract big name actors are usually ruined by the tv people. however, this one is the worst of the worst. the screenplay is weak and the acting, especially that of tracey pollan is abominable. i've trudged off to see my kids'high school plays and been treated to better acting. pollan acts as if she is reading the script as she speaks. when she tries to express fear, anger or grief, it's extremely hollow. because of the overall quality of the production i found it difficult to take it seriously. if you decide to brave this one just be prepared for a big disappointment. scary things won't scare you, sad things won't make you sad, romance won't make you feel warm and fuzzy and you will likely be as anxious as i was to see the end arrive. "first to die" says a lot about this movie.

nothing like a movie about a group of friends who not only all dislike each other to the point of loathing, but they have little to no redeeming qualities to make an *audience* like or empathize with any of the characters either. there are movies so bad they are good (a la ed wood or tod slaughter films), and there's just plain bad (like 99% of uwe boll's "work"). this film is barely tolerable even if you are a brilliantly talented mstie riffer (e.g., mystery science theatre 3000). thankfully while i am rather talented in that regard (it's how my mind works all the time), for those who are not so naturally talented in mstie riffing, eventually into *this* film you'll just want to pull your own head off, painfully aware the movie "taboo" robs you of about an hour and twenty minutes you'll never get back. even my mstie talents were barely a match for this slow paced, boring waste of time. the most puzzling aspect of this film is that *someone* green-lit and/or funded it... i rented "taboo" solely for the normally talented amber benson, who clearly must have been blackmailed into doing this film. i've another lesser known film of hers in my rental queue, the reviews to which i'd better read first. ironically the best aspect of the film was its impressive labyrinthine mansion for its interior location.

there is no reason to see this movie. a good plot idea is handled very badly. in the middle of the movie everything changes and from there on nothing makes much sense. the reason for the killings are not made clear. the acting is awful. nick stahl obviously needs a better director. he was excellent in in the bedroom, but here he is terrible. amber benson from buffy, has to change her character someday. even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappointed. even though the movie was 80 minutes, which is too short for a good movie (but too long for this one),there are no deleted scenes in the dvd which means they never bothered to fill in the missing parts to the characters.don't spend the time on this one.

there is no reason to see this movie. a good plot idea is handled very badly. in the middle of the movie everything changes and from there on nothing makes much sense. the reason for the killings are not made clear. the acting is awful. nick stahl obviously needs a better director. he was excellent in in the bedroom, but here he is terrible. amber benson from buffy, has to change her character someday. even those of you who enjoy gratuitous sex and violence will be disappointed. even though the movie was 80 minutes, which is too short for a good movie (but too long for this one),there are no deleted scenes in the dvd which means they never bothered to fill in the missing parts to the characters.don't spend the time on this one.

this was quite possibly the worst film i've ever seen. the plot didn't make a whole lot of sense and the acting was awful. i'm a big fan of amber benson, i think she's usually a wonderful actress, i can't imagine why she decided to do this film. her character, piper, is drunk for almost the whole film, with the exception of the opening scene. on the plus side, there was several points in the film where the acting was so bad, i actually laughed out loud. but despite that, i would not recommend this film to anyone. it's only 80 minutes long, but that's 80 minutes of your life that you will have completely wasted.

don't waste your time or money on this one. the half decent cast might fool you into thinking that this teen-thriller, whilst hardly about to break any records, might lightly entertain for 80 minutes.it won't.it won't make you scared, laugh, cry or even challenge your intellect. it will leave you wondering how on earth this movie ever finished production. yes, it really is that poor.

...and i never thought a movie deserved to be awarded a 1! but this one is honestly the worst movie i've ever watched. my wife picked it up because of the cast, but the storyline right since the dvd box seemed quite predictable. it is not a mystery, nor a juvenile-catching film. it does not include any sensuality, if that's what the title could remotely have suggest any of you. this is just a total no-no. don't waste your time or money unless you feel like watching a bunch of youngsters in a as-grown-up kind of gothic setting, where a killer is going after them. nothing new, nothing interesting, nothing worth watching. max makowski makes the worst of nick stahl.

i watched this movie on the grounds that amber benson rocks and nick stahl is generally pretty cool - i figured that any film featuring two actors i like and respect couldn't be all bad. and in that sense, i was right - considering the cringe-making dialogue they were given, both of them perform reasonably well. not well enough to stop the movie from sucking, you understand, but well enough that i was able to make it through the 75-odd minutes of movie (and that's the main sign of an awful film: when, at 40 minutes through, you're already praying for it to be over).it's hard to know where to start with the problems in "taboo". the dialogue, as mentioned, is appalling; wooden and completely unnatural. january jones' acting is unbelievably bad, and since she's the character we spend most of our time following around the house, this is an unforgivable flaw. the plot manages to be so convoluted that it makes no sense while simultaneously being so clichéd as to be completely predictable (literally, not one of the major 'twists' in this film would surprise anyone but a toddler). a few interesting shots aside, the director tries far too hard with far too little success, awkward tracking shots and jittery camera-work distracting from what little element of story there is.three of this movie's stars are awarded for the fact that it contains amber benson, and the last is tossed in on the grounds that one of the jokes made me snigger a little bit. i wouldn't recommend this movie to anyone, ever, under any circumstances. avoid at all costs.

i won't argue with anyone who pronounces this film execrable, as is january jones's performance, but please check her out, if you haven't already, in the amc tv series 'mad men," starting later this month. she's excellent, as is the entire cast. i'll charitably assume she took on the "taboo" role strictly for the money, and, realizing what a putrid mess it was going to be, turned in a minimal acting job to avoid starvation. don't know if that's the case, but i (now) know for sure that she can act.at first, watching "taboo," i was convinced her flat delivery was a shrewd choice that would later give rise to some significant revelation about her character or the plot. no such luck. hard to believe the director didn't suggest to her at least once that not changing expression for 17 successive scenes could cause lockjaw.ironically, her winning performance in "mad men" comes as a character who, at least in her early appearances, is very repressed, reserved, unsure of herself, and rather colorless, not unlike her "taboo" role. but as the tv series progressed, she began to blossom into someone who questions her traditional early-60's whitebread mom role. can't wait to see where they take her character in the 2nd season.to sum up, avoid "taboo" like leprosy, but definitely check out "mad men."

the movie has the longest, most tortured and agonized ending of any movie i've seen in a long time. unfortunately it starts right after the opening credits. january jones gives such a wooden performance, i was surprised she didn't go up in flames when she got near the candles in the film. i don't really remember her from the other films she's done (a blessing i have to believe. i never criticize an actors performance because in film there are too many things which can affect it but in this case,it is so bad that it actually stands out from the atrocious script. granted she's given lines and situations meryl streep would have trouble with but i swear at times shes reading from a cue card off set. at other times i thought she might actually be learning disabled or slow in some way. for real! the plot, dialog and pacing are as bad as you'll ever see but there is still no excuse for this performance nor for the director that let it be perpetrated. i feel sorry for the other actors. cruel intentions/ 10 little indians/breakfast club shoved into a rotten burrito then regurgitated by a grade school writer- director. take that back this has studio exec crayola all over it.

the message of this movie is "personality is more important than beauty". jeanine garofalo is supposed to be the "ugly duckling", but the funny thing is that she's not at all ugly (actually she's a lot more attractive than uma thurman, the friend who looks like a model).now, would this movie work if the "ugly duckling" was really unattractive? when will hollywood stop with this hypocrisy?in my opinion, despite the message that it wants to convey, this movie is simply ridiculous.

janeane garofalo has been very public in her displeasure about this film, calling it, among other things, anti-feminist. she has also said on her radio show she hates making "romantic comedies" because she doesn't believe in them. i wholeheartedly agree with janeane here. this film is a trifle at best. she does her best, but overall, it was just another boring, unbelievable "romantic comedy" that has no basis in the real world. whereas there will be some who will say "suspend your disbelief", one grows tired of having to suspend it nearly every time you get a romantic film from hollywood. janeane's character, for some reason, is usually filmed in shadows and darkness, which makes her look unattractive, while uma's character is filmed in lighter tones (which probably displeased janeane and is probably one of the reasons she detests this film). that really hurts the film if we are to buy the premise that janeane is supposed to be the better looking of the two. as many have said here and on other comment threads, janeane is not ugly, but in fact, quite beautiful. i haven't read one review where someone said uma was better looking. having said that though, i believe that ben chaplin's character would more than likely stay with uma, not janeane. many men don't like really intelligent women (and many women don't like really intelligent men), and sadly, ben probably would have stayed with uma. and despite the director's attempt to make janeane unattractive, it doesn't work. her natural beauty comes through anyway.i think a lot of janeane's male fans who are obsessed with her like this film because they like to think of themselves in the ben chaplin character, and actually scoring with janeane. janeane is a lot more complicated than the character she plays here (real life is always much more complex than hollywood can imagine), so take a cold shower gentlemen. this is the role that janeane is best known for, and that's a shame, as this really isn't that good of a film.

i liked it but then i think i might have been ironing at the same time. this reworking of cyrano de bergerac/roxanne is an utterly undemanding, formulaic romcom rescued from straight-to-video ignominy on its release by the sharp turn of janeane garofalo. playing the frasier of pets, she finds herself caught in a love trap when insecurity leads her to pass her best friend (uma thurman) off as herself when a caller comes a-courtin'.this is an interesting film in the fascinating career of ben chaplin. an average british actor, he gave the hollywood treadmill a shot with this film. he is unremarkable and his anonymity in studio productions is unsurprising on the basis of it, although he has appeared in substantial cameos in both the later terence malick films. uma thurman does a ditzy turn on autopilot and michael lehmann packages it all together competently. icky phone sex though. 4/10

i found out about this film because jewish ben chaplin from game on was in it. game on is a funny british sitcom and apparently he left because he wanted to break into hollywood and star in this film. he failed thank god.the film is a very simple romantic comedy with janeane garofalo playing an ugly woman who uses her neighbour uma thurman to date ben chaplin because she thinks ben chaplin won't like her because she's ugly. the film is just bad for so many reasons. the plot is unbelievably predictable from the overtly slapstick bits to the serious mushy bits: ugh just that montage where all three of them are having fun and then the photograph bit. those two scenes made me cringe! janeane's character is sickeningly arrogant (and guessing from her role as stand-up "comedienne" and arch-feminist is in real life too). she claims that the film is "anti-feminist" when in fact it's just realistic. men more often than not go for looks over personality. it's interesting to note her hypocrisy too. she'd been a feminist and "comedienne" for years before taking this role and then suddenly decides afterwards that the film was bad. i imagine she hated the idea and script of this film before it was released but she made sure she kept that quiet so she could get paid for this travesty of a film. i mean come on! she acted in it for heaven's sake! what this film was really was anti-men if anything. it portrays men as stupid animals whose brains are in their groins with the men doing stupid things to attract the attention of uma thurman's character noelle.there are other bad things about this film too like ben chaplin's character being the british man every american girl finds cute and jamie foxx being the token black best friend of chaplin and of course foxx had to try and mimic his accent a few times for good measure. is that the best the script writers could come up with? blimey they've never done that before except with every hugh grant and dudley moore film ever made. there's also a truly awful phone sex scene which is just grotesque and proves how cheap the film is. the other comments on here all say how janeane garofalo isn't ugly but is actually beautiful. erm was i watching the same film as they were? she's certainly no looker and the only good thing about this film was that she was rightly cast as the ugly one. although having said that, i fail to see the appeal of uma thurman as well: she's lanky and gaunt looking.i guarantee three things about this film if you've never watched it:you will know what the ending will be;you will find the phone sex scene painfully embarrassing and;you will be bored after ten minutes.watch at your own peril.

i had no real expectations going into this movie and i'm glad. even if i had expected it to be bad i would have been disappointed.where to start? first, i think 15% of the movie consisted of stock footage of stationary scarecrows in a dark jungle-field. i get it. there's scarecrows. i think the title "scarecrows" was sufficient.second, not a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences. there's too many times where i was left going wtf?third, the movie takes itself seriously. i'm all for a b-movie with buckets of blood, screaming women, and senseless violence that is the result of a simple psychopath or ancient curse. but those movies often know they're b-movies and even flaunt it, like dead snow (hilarious scandanavian zombie flick) or evil dead 2. but this movie seems oblivious to its crapdom.finally, there should of been more blood and/or nudity. yea, i said it. if you're going to have a crap horror movie, make with the killing. and if you're going to have one hot and one semi-hot girl, one of them needs to show some side-boob at a minimum.so, like the summary says, skip "scarecrows" and just poke yourself in the eye. you'll thank me.

scarecrows seems to be a botched horror meets supernatural film. a group of thugs pull off a paramilitary-like robbery of the payroll at camp pendleton in california. they high-jack a cargo plane kidnapping the pilot and his daughter with demands to be flown to mexico. along the way one greedy robber decides to bailout with the money landing in a cornfield monitored by strange looking scarecrows. these aren't just any run-of-the-mill scarecrows...they can kill. the acting is no better than the horrible dialog. and the attempts at humor are not funny. very low budget and shot entirely in the dark.the cast includes: ted vernon, michael david simms, kristina sanborn, b.j. turner, phil zenderland and victoria christian.

i think scarecrows are creepy, so it's a pity this movie doesn't make more of them. a bunch of robbers do an emergency parachute from a plane into a enormous field with scarecrows. one of them goes missing with the loot and so the rest chase him down while being set upon by inexplicably evil scarecrows. the acting is hammy and the scarecrows unimpressive (when they move). on the positive side, the director does get some suspense out of the static scarecrows. it is as alfred hitchcock says, "a bomb under a table goes off, and that's surprise. we know the bomb is under the table but not when it will go off, and that's suspense."

falls into the film category of "way too ridiculous in the dialogue and execution departments to be taken seriously". whereas shriek if you know what i did last friday the thirteenth or my boyfriend's back know they are bad, scarecrows doesn't. evil dead set such a high standard for the comedic horror on a budget genre, that scarecrows is simply out of place. suspicions of inexperience are immediately at play as there are no hints of noise or vibration in the hull and cockpit of an airborne plane. the repeated display of a picture of 3 men just screams for a story arc, but nothing comes. although the men are obviously the scarecrows, there is no explanation.knowing this film is too serious for it's own good may produce some grins. i don't recall if joe bob briggs ever previewed scarecrows, but i believe that he wouldn't stoop this low. however, with an imdb rating of over 6, there are many people that disagree.

i can't believe that in the 34 prior comments, nobody mentioned that this film is a blatant rip-off of born yesterday. a man is hired to bring an ostensibly dumb blonde up to the requirements of a gangster. hired gun and blonde fall in love and live happily ever after. gangster is left in the lurch. but born yesterday was an intelligent treatment whereas this is just so much fluff. technicolor transfer to dvd is deplorable. natalie kalmus would be rolling over in her grave. check out the paperboy. recognize him? but, it's historically interesting to see the roots of rock 'n roll. also interesting is ewell's introduction to cinemascope, a new format at the time.

vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie. vovochka, the main character, is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood. with the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way, he finds changing his mischievous ways hard, yet worthy of doing. personally, i found actor who played vovochka too annoying to sympathize with, however the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen. this struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre, that's the little flavor i meant. all in all, i did not really care for this movie, although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience.

the reviewer from poland must be a feminist, for she finds "young catherine" to be a great film and historically accurate. nothing could be further from the truth. as a practicing russian historian for many, many years i took exception with yc at almost every turn, and in particular the politically correct depiction of her as the boss who single-handed moved russia into a direction of dominance. the truth? she was only brought to st.petersburg to be a wife and mother, and found she had to "bond" with the dvoriane, the boyars, and the military just to survive. so long as she did not challenge them she was able/ permitted to indulge her cultural wishes (filling up the hermitage with art treasures, etc.). there are so many proofs that she was not "great," but in this area of post-modern revisionism proof is not very popular. yc is only a costume drama, a bit of fluff from ted turner that, like "peter the great" in 1986, is one more example of how badly russia is portrayed in the west.

"smithereens" is the kind of worthless flick which just hangs out among the cable channels taking up space like a cheesy dime novel in the public library. a worthless bit of tripe and first effort for mediocre director seidelman, the film is fraught with bad acting, bad sound, bad camera work, and poor quality in all aspects of the film. many better films never make it to market and why junk flicks like this one do and never seem to go away is one of life's great mysteries. (d-)

a rating of "1" does not begin to express how dull, depressing and relentlessly bad this movie is.

i too like dafoe as an actor but i wasted a few hours of my life actually watching this film, i still cant believe i managed to watch it in its entirety. was there actually a point to the film?, and the ending, well, im glad i never paid to see this awful pointless piece of pathetic excuse of a film!im not sure without hunting the facts out but is dafoe married or seeing the awful actress in this film in real life, if so was it an attempt to kick start her career?, if so im afraid it must have failed..i post this in the hope i can actually put someone off watching this film, even if 1 person takes heed of my comments and decides they would much rather watch paint drying i will feel i have made some good in the world, if only i had had the same advice...

this movie was the worst i've ever seen.it doesn't seem to have a plot but the time you realize this is far beyond the beginning of the movie so you have to watch the shut for a long time to recognize the total incompetence of the director, aka the sloth that plays the tampon chick in the movie, and we do not believe the willem dafoe in this movie, he's a clone, because the real dafoe, like we know from "apocalypse now" and "the boon dock saints", would never agreed to such a script.duh, (da)foe wrote this bill shut together with his twenty years minus baby. this movie starts with the credits of the two main characters, dafoe and colagrande, and then the two script writers, dafoe and colagrande, and then the director, colagrande.bottomline (the story); widow meets guy, guy bangs widow, widow smashes windscreen with guy who banged her.title in netherlands; the black widow (different title, same bullshit).do not watch this movie!!! it's a total waist of time!!!

i understand wanting to make a movie that is edgy and different. i understand the previous reviewer comments that this is a miss-understood movie. my point is as soon as this movie ended my first comment was: " this is what happens when a rich princess wants to be a movie star and has no talent".....she uses daddy's' money to make a movie she wrote, directs, and pays for.....obviously to close to the movie to realize there was no character development and no directions such as a beginning, middle and ending.....the voyeur part was good and edgy but what was the point? i saw a women go to a house, find some pictures, screw the caretaker, come out side on a very cold night (not believable) to check on noise and runs over her caretaker lover....movie ends......some one educate my ignorant arss?? i really want to know what the point is....what was the directors' vision.....why no development of the dead lover? why no background on the caretaker? what is the point of the night vision? what is the point of the lipstick on the car? why a dead caretaker? why tell us about an escaped mental patient/peeping tom? what's with the urn? oh and the lamp is that suppose to signify whose' house this is? territorial? why? why would the caretaker feel like it's his house? that aspect was never pursued......as for william defoe...i rented this movie because he was in it and known for edgy characters.....write back and do tell me what i need to learn....i am just a mom in middle america who loves movies....chris....

only one thing could have redeemed this sketch. a healthy gunfight between the happy couple, the exotic model at the delicatessen, and the old-timer from the motel who was (it would have turned out) secretly watching from the woods and had been aging rent-boy to the guys when they'd shared the rubber house. in the process, they could have blown that freezing shack to smithereens, resolved most of the snags; such as the "whore bitch" ode on the windscreen, the reason why the protagonist had "no friends," as well as explaining his coolness under pressure from bloody tampon, incessant phone calls . . . and that crawl-space chic, the green thumb, and his attraction to the simpler life. quite the technician with the human body, though. ex-abortionist? morgue attendant? a bit of a heartbeat would have been nice.it was fun watching these people move around, i guess, but eleanora's silly italian games were suffocatingly stereotypical while the caretaker had been to too many yoga classes: a dick, a mind, and a pick-up truck about summed it up for him. i also wished they could have had a bit more luggage: eleanora is ready to go after putting some black underwear into her nifty red suitcase and the caretaker just needs a cardboard carton there at the motel.trifling matters, you may well say. i agree, although the niggling bits just didn't add up right in this rush job. good owl-wrangling, though, and i really felt cold all the way through.

i saw this movie today at the haifa film festival in israel after hearing rave reviews, but i guess the critics were just sucking up to willem defoe and his wife (the director) who were present at the festival. it is definitely the slowest movie i have ever seen with numerous pointless, ridiculously long scenes of nothing. besides defoe who was decent, the acting of the two and a half other people in the movie, defoe's wife giada included, was ridiculously awful (how they cast the part of the salesgirl at the bakery is beyond me). this movie is pretty much plot less with a lame attempt to be abstract and off the wall. the only scene that stirred any kind of reaction in the crowd was vulgar and came from nowhere as if just to add some kind of shock value to the dullness that is this movie. sorry for being so harsh, but really this movie is a precious waste of time and money. i appreciate good indie cinema, but this movie is not worthy of moviegoers' time.

i am a huge willem dafoe fan, and really sought out this film (i had to get a region 5 chinese dvd of it!). but, it is truly one of the worst that i've seen in quite a while.the acting (except for dafoe) is horrible. dafoe and colagrande both wrote and directed this ( though he isn't credited as a director), and they have no discernible talents for writing or directing. (stick to acting willem; giada get out of the business, please!)absolutely nothing happens. except a series of completely unconvincing, totally without believable motivation, acts by these two people (that just met) in this house. colagrande's sleepy, i couldn't care less expression practically never changes. and the sex scenes are downright lame. i actually cringed twice at one of them. yuck! they're definitely not the least bit erotic, and yet are the only time the film isn't putting you to sleep. then, it's busy repulsing you.just awful.

predictable, told a thousand times story with the usual drama in between, a couple of pretty raunchy sex scenes intermingled with some character paranoia, 70's style incidental violin horror music that is comical at times, i couldn't help chuckling to myself.i usually like defoe, and it has to be said that the acting is not all that bad, the "plot" develops at a reasonable pace and does keep you guessing from time to time. its just that it's all too predictable, i felt like i was watching a made for tv drama instead of a new movie. maybe thats the style the directors wanted, but it has to be said that the review i read on here before i saw the movie could only have been written by someone involved in its production.don't expect too much, and if i could wind the clock back i wouldn't have gone to see it at the cinema. i would wait for the bargain bins at your video shop, i'm sure it wont take long.

paul naschy made a great number of horror films. in terms of quality, they tend to range from fairly good to unwatchable trash; and unfortunately, horror rises from the tomb is closer to the latter. the plot is just your average story of a witch, wizard or (as is the case here) warlock, who is put to death - but not before swearing vengeance on those who did it...etc etc. we then get a séance and one thing leads to another, and pretty soon the executed warlock is up to no good again. the plot is slow, painfully boring and the film constantly feels pointless. the characters string out reams of diatribe and it never serves the film in any way whatsoever. paul naschy wrote the script, and if you ask me he should stick to acting because the dialogue is trite in the extreme, and only serves to make the film even more boring than it already is. carlos aured, who also directed naschy in blue eyes of the broken doll and curse of the devil provides dull direction here, which likes the dialogue does nothing to help the film. sometimes crap films like this have a certain charm about them; but horror rises from the tomb doesn't even have that. this is a painfully boring film that has little or nothing in the way of interest.

this movie starts out with an execution of a practitioner of witchcraft and his mistress. his head is chopped off and buried separately of his body...sounds like "the thing that wouldn't die" doesn't it? well it does play out a little like that, but once the body is reunited with the head, all the interesting and gruesome deaths are done and the movie moves very slowly. i mean the movie is only 88 minutes long and i kept thinking "when is it going to end"? the characters in the movie are idiots for the most part and they pretty much deserve to die for being really stupid. the villain is also very bad as he is slow moving and really you wonder how he manages to do anything considering he is afraid of jewelery. the only thing to keep you watching after the head is reattached is the fact that there are so many boobs being flashed that you really begin to lose track. still i want to see a horror movie, not a soft core porn flick and as a horror movie it is way to slow moving with way to many slow stretches to be even somewhat enjoyable. and don't read the back of the box as it made it out like there were flesh eating zombies attacking the town, there isn't...only a small scene where three or four zombies attack a house and are so easily repelled they are not a factor in the movie at all and their scene is rather pointless. so for the most part i say you should avoid this movie unless you come across it for really cheap.

the version of this film i saw was titled 'horror rises from the tomb'. the horror in question is a wicked medieval magician played by spanish horror legend paul naschy looking like he's playing abanazer in a church hall panto. he rises from his tomb when a stupid descendant (i think he's a descendant, as he's also played by naschy)returns to his ancestral home and reunites the magician's head and body, which had been separated by by the witchfinders who executed him, in an attempt to stop him, er, rising from the tomb.obviously, once head and body are back together all hell breaks loose and lots of people die. like all good magicians, abanazer here has a lovely assistant. this one's played by another spanish horror great, the beautiful helga line. like practically every other woman in the film line periodically gets her kit off. there's a lot of nudity in this film, and not just female - we even get to see naschy's paunchy body, which isn't a pretty sight, i can tell you. most of the film's sex angle is laughably gratuitous. there's one particularly funny scene where naschy and line discuss their evil plans and then suddenly decide to both have a grope of the nubile young blonde they've possessed.it's also pretty gory in places - notably a herschell gordon lewis-esquire moment where line plunges her hands into a man's chest to remove his heart.the best part of the film is the pretty effective zombies who turn up towards the end. they're quickly scared off by a fire though, and don't bother coming back. which is a shame. the scene where the zombies rise, however, is the film's most ludicrously inept moment. it all happens in long shot, and we haven't really got a clue what's happening until we see some figures shambling on from the distance. there are several rubbish moments like this, thanks largely to poor editing. when a labourer falls under the hypnotic spell of naschy's head there's a big close up of his face that seems to last forever and serves no purpose whatsoever.all in all, not a great horror film, but entertaining enough. of course, the version i saw was a dubbed american version that had probably been chopped to pieces. for all i know, the original spanish version could be a masterpiece...

in 1454, in france, the sorcerer alaric de marnac (paul naschy) is decapitated and his mistress mabille de lancré (helga liné) is tortured to death accused of witchcraft, vampirism and lycanthropy. before they die, they curse the next generations of their executioners. in the present days (in the 70's), hugo de marnac (paul naschy) and sylvia (betsabé ruiz) and their friends maurice roland (vic winner) and his beloved paula (cristina suriani) go to a séance session, where they evoke the spirit of alaric de marnac. they decide to travel to the villas de sade, a real estate of hugo's family in the countryside, to seek a monastery with a hidden treasure. they find alaric's head and the fiend possesses them, bringing mabille back to life and executing the locals in gore sacrifices. after the death of her father, elvira (emma cohen) recalls that he has the thor's hammer amulet hidden in a well; together with maurice, they try to defeat the demoniac alaric de marnac and mabille.last weekend i bought a box of horror genre with five dvds of paul naschy per us$ 9.98; despite of having no references, i decided to take the chance. the first dvd with the uncut and restored version "horror rises from the tomb" is a trash b (or c) movie that immediately made me recall ed wood. the ridiculous story is disclosed through awful screenplay, direction, performances, cinematography, decoration, special effects and edition and with lots of naked women. the result is simply hilarious and i can guarantee that ed wood's style is back. my vote is three.title (brazil): not available

wow! i watched the trailer for this one and though 'nah, this one is not for me'. i watched my husband and our friend's faces during the trailer, and knew this was a 'boy movie'. i mean, hallo! a bunch of chick barmaids that dance - another striptease?then, i started watching it, it didn't look all that bad. so i carried on watching. i watched it right to the end. what an awesome movie. if anything, this is a chick-flick. these girls have attitude. it is really a feel-good movie, and a bit of a love story. really leaves you with a nice feeling.basically, the story of a small-town girl making it big in the city, after going through the usual big-city c**p. there have been a couple of these, it is almost a new urban legend. but it also makes you think of your life, and what you have achieved. well, me anyway. i think it is because the whole working in a bar scenario is very familiar, not just for me, but for many people i know. don't trust the trailers for this one - it is aimed at bringing the men in.

just think, it cost a total of $250,000 to make "clerks". how the hell did they spend $45 million to make this glorified music video? a practically unknown cast, two or three sets, no special effects that i could see... i know, it must have been spent on that expertly crafted, economical, tension filled screenplay. shoot, that bar set must have cost a bundle. anyway, i guess jerry bruckheimer wouldn't be caught dead producing anything for less. i'm just surprised he didn't blow up anything.anyway, it wasn't an awful film i guess. the female leads seemed to have some good chemistry and the soundtrack was ok. imo it just seems a pity that this rather mediocre project could have been made for $5 million without any loss to the production, and 6 more $5 million dollar indy films of merit could have been made as well.

if this movie were more about piper perabo's character and less about the bar, this might have been halfway decent. piper's violet stanford and karen friendly (adventures of rocky and bullwinkle) both have a virgin kindegarden teacher quality to them that's endearing. here's hoping she'll find a better movie to be in.

***spoiler*** do not read this, if you think about watching that movie, although it would be a waste of time. (by the way: the plot is so predictable that it does not make any difference if you read this or not anyway)if you are wondering whether to see "coyote ugly" or not: don't! it's not worth either the money for the ticket or the vhs / dvd. a typical "chick-feel-good-flick", one could say. the plot itself is as shallow as it can be, a ridiculous and uncritical version of the american dream. the young good-looking girl from a small town becoming a big success in new york. the few desperate attempts of giving the movie any depth fail, such as the "tragic" accident of the father, the "difficulties" of violet's relationship with her boyfriend, and so on. mcnally (director) tries to arouse the audience's pity and sadness put does not have any chance to succeed in this attempt due to the bad script and the shallow acting. especially piper perabo completely fails in convincing one of "jersey's" fear of singing in front of an audience. the only good (and quite funny thing) about "coyote ugly" is john goodman, who represents the small ray of hope of this movie.i was very astonished, that jerry bruckheimer produced this movie. first "gone in 60 seconds" and now this... what happened to great movies like "the rock" and "con air"? that was true bruckheimer stuff.if you are looking for a superficial movie with good looking women just to have a relaxed evening, you should better go and see "charlie's angels" (it's much more funny, entertaining and self-ironic) instead of this flick.two thumbs down (3 out of 10).

coyote ugly might have been much more effective if the film-makers had made it an r-rated guilty pleasure/exploitation film (with plenty of nudity.) but since the pg-13 rating is what all the studios are wanting these days, we end up with a movie like this: a pg-13 "tease" flick that isn't allowed to go nowhere near as far as the movie should have gone.the script is go generic that it is easy to guess what plot point is going to occur 15 minutes before it actually happens. the acting is adequate, but the characters are so paper-thin that nothing could be done with them. there were also a lot of points where it seemed like i was watching a music-video rather than a movie.the film's only assets are the amazingly beautiful female leads. we get to see them in some extremely tight and pretty revealing outfits.....but only so much could be shown due to the pg-13 constraints. there's plenty of cleavage and toned, heaving bodies doing some well-choreographed dance numbers, but there's no nudity or sex to speak of. tyra banks (she keeps getting even more insanely beautiful with age) is also in the movie for a very small amount of time. sexy newcomer piper perabo is also very easy on the eyes (and she has a killer smile) and shows some genuine acting potential.the only people i could see this movie appealing to is pre-pubescent boys who aren't allowed to watch r-rated movies yet. that audience might get a lot out of it from a titillation aspect, but adult audiences will feel annoyed and cheated.rating: the movie-1 the women-10

i was talked into watching this movie by a friend who blubbered on about what a cute story this was.yuck.i want my two hours back, as i could have done so many more productive things with my time...like, for instance, twiddling my thumbs. i see nothing redeeming about this film at all, save for the eye-candy aspect of it...3/10 (and that's being generous)

what a disappointment! piper perabo is adorable, tyra banks is beautiful but pitiful as an actor and the talented and beautiful maria bello is wasted! bello must have been embarrassed by some of the lines! the plot, script and premise is a joke!i'm not against silly movies, i think that something about mary is a masterpiece, but coyote ugly is a waste of 90 minutes........

this movie is another fine example of what jerry bruckheimer, since about 1997, seems to be best at--hyping up a movie a year before its release and not coming through with a quality movie. i'm no film critic, but this movie was as predictable as they come. every attempt at a joke, every attempt at a touching moment, and the pitiful attempt at a love story, was exactly what i was predicting in my mind. do yourself a favor and save your money on this one.

let me start off by saying that this doesn't seem or feel like a movie. it seems like just another tv show about popular girls and boys with no real film language top back it up.the camera angles are so straight forward that the story is told the simplest way possible never making the public connect with it. this film takes us to where no movie i've seen has done before: to a realm where the film theater becomes a warm medium giving the public every element of interpretation. too obvious. the large movie screen is only used as an enlarged tv from where we can see every attribute of these women in a larger than life manner.lately it seems that young directors are compromising the art of film making for sales. this is very scary. the industry is spoiling the art in movies. we must educate ourselves and our children about what cinematography and its language are really about. not just sales and entertainment, but a way to communicate feelings, passions and even culture. not as a launching platform for young divas and jocks.

i never wanted to see this film, then one day, for a joke i watched it to see how bad it was; my preconceptions were confirmed.for starters i'd like to question the politics of the film. it hides behind of mask of women 'making it big in the city' but the only way that women can make it big is through using their sexuality rather than their intelligence or skills. these women are nothing more the whores. are slightly less attractive girls not allowed to be successful? this is not the only right wing message of the film, there are hundreds of shots of american flags and huge wads of cash. a fine example of how the only powerful thing in america is capitalism and anything of spiritual, moral or artistic value is not even given a look in of this film. money is depicted as the only important thing to young people.the manageress of the bar states that she does not allow drug users in her bar, and then she goes on to poor gallons of hard liquor down her own neck and then the necks of her staff and customers. any one who knows anything about intoxicants will know that liquor can be just as dangerous as heroin and more dangerous than most illegal drugs.and finally, why are scenes in which the lead character is a point of sexual interest to the audience (when she is getting undressed or with her boyfriend) is her father always involved? we watch get her undressed with the camera virtually caressing her legs while she is one the phone to her father. she 'auctions' her father just as she 'auctions' her boyfriend. i find this most strange.in conclusion, this film is immoral, fascistic, degrading to women and frankly, disturbing. but what else do you expect from jerry bruckhiemer?

the rumor is true: girls like coyote ugly more than guys. and the reasons are obvious as soon as the plot is given. jersey girl goes to new york to become a song writer. and after initial frustration of having no luck, overhears some girls partying about the $300 each they made last night. she gets an audition at the bar they work at and surprise! the place is completely full of "two year old toddlers" bursting at the sight of babes dancing.the story is not bad and some characters are likeable, especially cammie (the "fashion coordinator" part was cute) and the bouncer but let's face it, the drama was horrible and completely laughable from the beginning. violet and her father looked far too ridiculous while they were relating throughout the movie. and check out violet too jamming on that keyboard with the break dancer!for the first time i could think of, how could the production be so terrible? for a brief moment with this movie, hollywood could stand on its two feet and show a new low without any major public outcry without saying, "you were warned!" instead, it seems coyote ugly has a purposeful intent on trying to kiss every major rear in the world. advertising babes in a bar, but showing a paper thin "pursue your dream" story disappointed every male teen you targeted!and finally, the music. there was absolutely no break of music i found in this movie, especially when it was needed (the hospital scene). every scene felt like some short music video you just wish would stop until the bar opened. but the climax was an ultimate laugher: an '80s like song you would expect cyndi lauper to jump on the stage and jam with violet. heck, i personally thought bon jovi was going to jump out with the long hair and jam too!other than some really smart camera work with the coyote girls when dancing (especially the wet scene), and a couple cute cliches, coyote ugly is something to be purely embarrassed about. whether you watched or made it, it looked like nothing but time killing. or wasting depending on how you look at it.

wow. i don't even really remember that much about this movie, except that it stunk.the plot's basically; a girl's parents neglect her, so this sicko pokemon pretends to be her dad. am i the only one disturbed by that? then, this weirdo pokemon kidnaps ash's mom to pretend to be the girl's. i don't care if he was trying to make the girl happy, that's just gross.there was no real plot. the girl was just a whiny brat who wanted things her own way. she played with unowns, was the "daughter" of entei and apparently could grow and shrink in age on a whim with the help of her "dad".that's pretty much all i can remember, but i think you can take it as a hint, and not see it. (or if you do see it, don't expect much.) 1 out of 10.seriously. if you want a pokemon movie, rent "pokemon; the first movie".

this third pokemon movie is too abstract for younger kids to follow and too repetitious to entertain older kids. the message of the film-- about dealing with loss-- is subverted by the return of the young girl's father during the film's credits. team rocket provide some amusement, but they're not really part of the small plot, so they don't appear very often.

pokemon 3 is little more than three or four episodes of the tv series, strung together without the usual commercials. the story is typical of pokemon (conflict, fighting, and a resolution where all are happy in the end), and there is nothing original or unusual in the animation. some of the holes in the plot are filled in (over the closing credits!) without explanation, and everything is just a bit too sweet.why see it on the big screen? the only reason is to be a part of your child's world. both of my sons enjoy pokemon, and by my showing an interest in what they like, we are closer. seeing a film in a theatre is still different than seeing it on the tube, and my sons enjoy the full movie-going experience. i gave the movie a 4, mostly from my children's point of view.

there's a group of fox tv executives sitting around a boardroom table wondering what new show to commission. 'how about aiming for something like 24 or the west wing?' says one of them, but they all agree it would be too expensive, and cheap tv is less likely to harm the station if it flops. 'well, how about getting together some great comedy writers and doing a quality sitcom?' offers another and is fired on the spot. 'don't you know good writers cost lots of money!' the big chief barks. 'that's why we invented reality tv.''we could do yet another crime drama...' suggests a man in a bland suit. 'i'm listening...' the boss replies, suddenly interested. 'people like csi, so let's do another copy of that,' blandman adds.'but there are already far too many csi clones out there, what can we do to make ours stand out?' a naive junior enquires and is sacked instantly. 'stand out! if we do that people may be confused! let's give them more of what they already like!' the big chief screams. 'let's just add more violence and make it really grisly, we are fox after all,' another suit suggests to a hearty reply of 'now you're getting it', from the big chief. 'we could make them the deviant crimes unit,' he goes on to add, clearly on a roll. 'by jove, he's got it!' the big chief laughs, 'and the victims could be beautiful and vulnerable women who wear very little on screen.' 'well that would certainly distract people from the average acting and poor scripts,' blandman points out. 'then it's settled, we just need a name,' the big chief announces. 'we could call it sex cops violence?' 'too literal, how about killer instinct…it conveys violence, but sounds a bit like basic instinct which had lots of sex.' 'puuurfect', the big chief replies and then they all slap each other on the back and go and cancel arrested development.

i just saw this movie (mainly because brady corbet is in it), and i must say that i was not pleased. of course, the computer graphics were amazing, but the story line needed a little touch-up. also, i think this movie would have done much better with more curses and blood, as well if it were rated pg-13. that would definitely attract more people to see it-->teens. what would also attract more teens (particularly teen girls), would be a large close up of brady corbet on the thunderbirds poster! even though the movie had it's down points, i still saw it and thought it was okay!

i am very sorry to say this but "thunderbirds" does not even come up with a loud pop, never mind any thunder. at one stage i gave serious consideration to walking out of the cinema, i stayed in the forlorn hope that the film might improve. i was to be disappointed, it did not get any better, it got worse if that is at all possible. had i gone to see the film with the thought that it was going to be a "spoof" i would still have been let down. they had an excellent opportunity to make a great franchise of films here, they have totally wasted that opportunity. bill paxton and sir ben kingsley should be embarrassed to have there names attached to this film and jonathan frakes well what can i say, he should be embarrassed and ashamed would not be to far from the truth. i saw this film at a pre-release showing, i had been waiting to see it most eagerly, having grown up in the sixties with the original shows. to say i was disappointed would be something of an understatement. one final thing i will say about the film was the puppets in the tv shows were just a bit more wooden than where the actors in the film.

i was one of those "few americans" that grew up with all of gerry andersen's marvelous creations. thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action/adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.i expected it to be a romp, but i did not expect it to aim at such a low age group. like lost in space, this could have been both visually stunning and exciting. it should have focused on more action/adventure and the goal of the original series... saving people in trouble.instead, it focused on alan saving the day instead of his brothers (who were cast too young anyway vs. the original). the breakout part was lady penelope and parker. i didn't care too much for the characters in the original, but i was grateful for them in the movie. they stole the show!i always enjoyed thunderbirds more for the high-tech than the stories, and even that did not get enough screen time as far as i was concerned. i would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.but then, i'm just a big kid... ;)

i was one of those "few americans" that grew up with all of gerry andersen's marvelous creations. thunderbirds was a great series for the time and would have made a great action/adventure movie if only the writers could have figured out where to target it.i expected it to be a romp, but i did not expect it to aim at such a low age group. like lost in space, this could have been both visually stunning and exciting. it should have focused on more action/adventure and the goal of the original series... saving people in trouble.instead, it focused on alan saving the day instead of his brothers (who were cast too young anyway vs. the original). the breakout part was lady penelope and parker. i didn't care too much for the characters in the original, but i was grateful for them in the movie. they stole the show!i always enjoyed thunderbirds more for the high-tech than the stories, and even that did not get enough screen time as far as i was concerned. i would have enjoyed seeing more of the cool gadgets.but then, i'm just a big kid... ;)

this film is just a kids against evil genre. thunderbirds is just the hook to get people to see it, but are almost incidental in use. the fact that the action takes place on tracy island is just a ploy to pull in the public. it was interesting to note what the film makers view of future london will be and how the world all fits together.the best part of this film are some of the lines delivered by lady penelope which are highly comical. these provided some light relief for those expecting a rerun of the tv series.having said that it passes 90 or so minutes in a 'fun' way and so may just be worth watching.

to say that thunderbirds is a horrid, forced, in-your-face, ugly looking, nasty to listen to and painful to watch film wouldn't be saying enough. there are only two reasons i can think of why you'd watch this film: 1; you've seen thunderbirds when you were young (like i did) and are curious as to what it is like but you will really only be watching to find out how badly they screwed things up. or, 2; you're seeing it with someone under ten years old.thunderbirds manages to cock up everything it attempts. the list goes on and on but there are other more subtle, humiliating things that are painfully obvious when you think about it. from the off, thunderbirds is wrong, wrong, wrong. the whole moral message and 'goal' is set up in an excruciating way: jeff tracy (a new low for bill paxton) tells his youngest son alan he's not yet proved himself to be a thunderbird after alan randomly and stupidly decided to go down into tracy island's bowels to fire up thunderbird one. the whole film is then a series of events and miss-fires consisting of alan trying to prove himself whilst his father and other brothers are trapped in space aboard thunderbird five.the film relies on kid actors to carry the film: a 16 year old alan tracy (corbet), a 16 year old tin tin (hudgens) and a 14 year old fermat (fulton) who is brains' son. to say that watching the 'adventures' they get up to is painful is an understatement. frequently trying to act and utilise the script whilst combating the evil 'hood' (kingsley) in ridiculously unfunny and hammy ways acts as the entertainment for the duration of the film; it only differs when everyone's in a different location. also, the whole 'mind control' thing was very tiresome and basically dragged the film down as it was overused and offered a way for our heroes to see a weakness in the hood – forced and incidental.i know that most 'film's for kids' these days try to integrate some sort of material for adults but in thunderbirds it's done in a way that fetishises lady penelope. sophia myles plays penelope and i think it's no coincidence she's a little older than the rest of the kids – at 24 years old, it's almost too good to be true. her scenes are often highly charged and carry an erotic push. we see her in the bath, bubbles up to her neck watching tv; in comes her butler and sneaks a peek as she seductively changes channels with her wet, bare and bubble covered foot. frequent shots of her massive, bright pink high heeled shoes filling the screen during various scenes: this first happens when she is actually tied up with the second happening during a fist fight with another woman! twinned with this, her bright pink costumes that reveal just enough yet cover just enough are particularly outstanding as is the way she moves and talks with that posh, dominant, english accent; sounding like a commanding mistress (well, she is lady penelope after all – and you'd better make sure call her that) the whole thing is laughable but the editing is so quick that the kids won't notice but it sure as hell is there.the actual plot of the hood doing all that he does just to rob a few banks is very bizarre, the characters that are his bodyguards: a geeky looking woman and hard bodied black man who gets agitated a lot. are we supposed to be laughing at this? what about the fight scenes? poorly choreographed stunts and what the hell was with the silly noises? it's utterly, utterly laughable.the list goes on. the way bill paxton plays it all so seriously, like he was told they were doing it one way but it was made another, the way ford motor company have their logo slapped all over the place. news bulletin: sponsored by ford, the camera even moves to endorse ford several times when cars are in shot, the way the cgi looks like something out of a computer game video clip – it's infuriating. the fact we are told to believe that a 16 year old girl can swim in the freezing thames, against the current, rescue a downed monorail (monorail over the thames!?), get back to the hatch and thus; save the day all the time holding her breath. it is absolute bull and the makers know it – i don't even know if a 10 year old would swallow it.in short: avoid, avoid, avoid. thunderbirds is infuriating, unfunny, poorly scripted and even the rolls royce was taken out and replaced by a flying car – everything that could go wrong, did go wrong.

spoilers.first off, nothing really happened in this movie, other than a woman bleeding inexplicably. second, it wasn't scary. third, it had the worst soundtrack of any movie ever. let me elaborate. the sound was edited by either beavis or butthead – i'm not sure which, so let's just go with beavis. the movie gradually gets more and more quiet and the people mumble and mutter, forcing you to turn up the volume (i watched this at home). then beavis blasts some really loud sounds with supposedly scary/shocking images, forcing you to quickly lower the volume again. this occurs many times until, mercifully, the movie ends. i can picture beavis laughing vulgarly from behind the two-way mirror while watching the test group franticly reaching for the remote each time. if you have children and prefer to watch scary movies after they fall asleep, this one is a big mistake. but then it's a big mistake anyway. here's a thought – if you're going to make a horror movie, at least add a gratuitous beheading, a 19-year-old blond girl who screams at the top of her lungs just before she can take off her sweater, the shadow on the wall of someone being eaten alive just out of the camera range, a cat being thrown at the camera to scare the audience, some drifty weirdo with a maniacal laugh, or a monster who looks like a stage hand covered in aluminum foil (a la tv's lost in space). these people didn't even try to scare me. they just wanted to hurt my ears.

i didn't really know what this movie was about when i went to the theater to see it (hype about the satanism etc etc etc) as the trailers in the last movie i saw looked pretty interesting.oh dear, roman catholic mythology? not my idea of a good scare and honestly, i just felt like watching a really good, scary movie, not some loosely plotted religious farce that tries to score cheap thrills by having some chick getting bloody every few minutes!i'll try to keep away from the spoilers (!) but i found it very odd that an atheist, who gets a string of rosary beads from a deceased priest, could suddenly end up with christ's wounds (aren't stigmata supposed to be deeply religious??) i mean, she hangs out with losers, does loser stuff, behaves like a typical rebel et al, and here she is displaying the wounds of jesus christ?? come on!scenes of her crucified, head thrown back, screaming, blood everywhere, became rather tedious after seeing it a dozen times. it was neither frightening or scary, just repulsive. it did, however, become quite painful to watch - those flicking scenes were highly annoying...conclusion: if your a catholic, defintly don't see this. if you're not, still don't see it.

honestly, this is easily in the top 5 of the worst movies i have ever seen. partly, because it takes itself so seriously, as opposed to regular light hearted trash, this movies wants you to be emotionally involved, to feel for the characters, and to care about the alleged conspiracy. none of this ever even comes close to happening.****mild spoilers******there are 3 main reasons why this movie is so terrible: 1.) incoherent and totally non-sensical plot. 2.) annoying style-over-substance "mtv" camerawork. 3.) moronic characters and plot holes.allow me to elaborate.1.) apparently, when this movies was being made, they couldn't decide whether to make a movie about church conspiracies, the stigmata, or possession. so, guess what? they combined them! an aetheist gets possessed by a dead person, who then makes her exhibit the stigmata so as to expose a church conspiracy. how a regular person is able to transcend death and possess another human being through his rosary is never explained, nor even talked about. now, instead of just saying what he wants to say, he gives her the stigmata. why? why not just spit it out? instead, we get treated to scenes of screaming things in harsh voices, carving cryptic messages on cars, and writing messages on walls. apparently this priest was also a violent guy, because the possessed young lady also wigs out on one o f the characters, while talking in that cliched, harsh, "possessed" voice that we all have heard countless times. this also starts to tie into my second complaint, because whenever the young lady gets the stigmata, she also defies the laws of gravity by floating into the air, and tossing everything and everybody around her as if they were in an earthquake? why does this happen? who knows!?! my guess is that the director thought it looked "cool".2.) this movies contains dozens of shots, in slow motion, of course, of birds showing up out of nowhere and flying off, and most annoyingly, of water dripping. this woman's apartment is constantly dripping water! constantly! logically, the place would probably fall apart with this many holes. to sum up this complaint, towards the end, and for absolutely no reason, the camera cuts to shots of water dripping, in slow motion, in reverse!! why!?! i have no idea! it has no relevance to anything, and once again, i'm betting it's because the director thought it looked "cool".3.) one of the main characters says he became a priest to explain away holes in science. this doesn't make sense to me. i would think that going to church would be enough, but no, he has to go through the entire rigamarole of becoming a priest. i just don't buy it. secondly, there are lots of plot holes, a few of which i will elaborate on below. for starters, when she first gets the stigmata, the scene ends with her laying unconscious, bleeding. next, she's in the hospital. who called the ambulance? another one is towards the end, when the previously mentioned "scientific priest" character is talking to the spirit who is possessing the girl. he says, "take me as your messenger!" not a word for word quote, but you get the idea. his response? "you have no faith, only doubt!" so, because of this, he possesses an aetheist! an aetheist has no faith, far less then any scientific priest! and then, there's the fact that the object of this movie's conspiracy, this lost gospel (of st. thomas, i believe) is available at local bookstores. the characters are willing to kill to supress this document, but you could walk down to a bookstore and buy it. maybe this is supposed to take place in an alternate history, where it isn't wide known, but the movie never tries to tell us this, or to even hint that this is an alternate happening of that document's uncovering.in closing, this movie is terrible to a spectacular degree. it is my arch-nemesis, which i feel the need to insult every chance i get. i loathe it. final grade: f

this was one of the worst wrestlemania's i've seen. it just didn't stand out at all, really. card wise, i thought it was going to be pretty good, but every match just seemed to fall short.chris benoit vs. mvp one of the better matches. benoit carried it. i just didn't think mvp was that great, but benoit saved this match. kane vs. khali wow, these two guys don't mix. or maybe it's khali and any other person alive don't mix. awful match.melina vs. ashley i'm not a fan of female wrestling.ecw originals vs. new breed i was excited about this match, until i saw it. really, really disappointing.edge vs. cm punk vs. king booker vs. jeff hardy vs. matt hardy vs. mr. kennedy vs. finlay vs. randy orton absolutely the worst mitb match so far. just a major let down, to many people in the ring at the same time. it just didn't live up.bobby lashley vs. umaga o.k. not extremely impressive, but not the worst of the night.batista vs. undertaker this was maybe the best match of the night. very, very, very nice to see something good for a change. john cena vs. shawn michaels i really feel like this match deserved to be last. people make a case for batista vs. undertaker, but this match was just as good. i am starting to get sick of seeing cena win every match though. it's getting a little old. now, i have to say, i feel this match is the best of the night, but i'm a huge shawn michaels fan, so i'm a little biased. batista vs. 'taker may have been better, but i'm biased, so...sorry. the last two were undoubtedly the best matches of the night and most everything else really came up short.

when i looked at this years wrestlemania's match card, i was so stoked and unable to control myself because i was full of excitement.it starts...and it ends.i'm sitting there, angry to hell because of how much i wanted my money back. i mean, you watch wrestlemania 22 (one of my favorites) which will go down as a classic and then you expect the same and get the average garbage they have every now and then. the one moment in the entire show that ruined it for me was when hbk tapped out!!!! that very moment of hbk losing to john cena!!!!!!!!!! john cena is such a loser/poser. it almost ruined wrestlemania 22 for me when he beat triple h! i couldn't watch wwe after seeing wrestlemania 23. i'm starting to watch it again (luckily). i again have faith in wwe after wrestlemania 24 (the greatest i have ever seen) which was a pure classic wrestlemania. it definitely made up for 'mania 23 and gave us lots of memorable moments as well.if you have watched any of the wrestlemanias before this one, like the ones that turn you into fans (wrestlemania 20 turned me into a fan), please don't watch this and make the same mistake i made and leave wwe behind. and if you do watch it and are angry, start watching it again and watch wrestlemania 24, it is absolutely classic.

not only does the film's author, steven greenstreet, obviously idolize michael moore, but he also follows in his footsteps by using several of moore's propaganda film-making tactics. moore has expertise in distracting the viewer from this focus though, while greenstreet is obviously less skilled here.having been privy to all of the issues surrounding moore's speech at uvsc, i was disappointed to see that the major complaints of the community -- that moore was being paid $40,000 of the state of utah 's educational funds to basically promote john kerry's campaign and to advertise his own liberal movie -- were pushed to the background by greenstreet while lesser issues were sensationalized.the marketing methods for this video have been equally biased and objectionable... promoting the film by claiming that "mormon's tried to kill moore". not only is this preposterous, but it defames a major religion that greenstreet obviously has some personal issues with. i followed moore's visit very closely, and all of the major news agencies noted that moore's visit came and went without any credible security problems or incidents in utah.greenstreet has banked on this film to jump-start his film-making career to the point that he has even dropped out of film school to help accelerate this. this seems to have been a severe miscalculation though, since moore's visits to roughly 60 other colleges and universities across the country in 2004 diluted interest for this rather common event. greenstreet's assumption that american audiences would be interested in this film due to the promoted religious and conservative angles doesn't seem to be well founded.even the name of the film, this divided state, is somewhat of a misnomer since utah voted overwhelmingly for bush's re-election and thus appears to be more politically unified than any other state. the division in the movie title seems more indicative of the gulf that exists in greenstreet's ideological differences with his religion and state. if anything, i find a humorous correlation between the religious angle of this supposed documentary and woody allen's hilarious contention in sleeper (1973) that, "i was beaten up by quakers".

i was one of the few non-liberals who showed up to see steve's video. it was quite an experience... in propaganda film-making and boredom.i was hoping the film might be an actual documentary of michael moore's visit to my local school, uvsc, but it turned out to be another liberal, slash-and-burn effort to slam conservatives and the local religious community. it sure seems self-serving for a filmmaker to make a documentary that only reflects his preconceptions on issues.what's more surprising is to see all the '10' votes his homeys have posted here. did they even see the video? golly gee batman, this must rank with all the president's men! their ratings are as obvious as the bias in this film. yeah, like stacking the votes at imdb will help a lame movie. maybe my vote will help balance this out.

most college students find themselves lost in the bubble of academia, cut off from the communities in which they study and live. their conversations are held with their fellow students and the college faculty. steven greenstreet's documentary is a prime example of a disillusioned college student who judges the entire community based on limited contact with a small number of its members.the documentary focused on a small group of individuals who were portrayed as representing large groups of the population. as is usual, the people who scream the most get the most media attention. other than its misrepresentation of the community in which the film was set, the documentary was well made. my only dispute is that the feelings and uproar depicted in the film were attributed to the entire community rather than the few individuals who expressed them.naturally it is important to examine a controversy like this and make people aware of the differences that exist between political viewpoints, but it is ridiculous to implicate an entire community of people in the actions of a few radicals.

when evaluating documentaries that focus a relatively small group of ugly ultra right wing and conservative groups like this in the usa you must consider the following. the united states of america with its population of 270 million and its complex history as an aspiring democracy and its hopes and desires to uphold human rights that it has its failings and downside. it is of course expected that extreme right wing groups and ultra –conservative groups exist in sizable numbers however relative to the size of its population they are very small and isolated . on a per capita basis europe, britain and even australia have similar right wing groups in fact on a per-capta basis the actual size of neo-nazi groups in australia is actually higher than in the united states of america. it is for the above reasons that it is unjustifiable to demean and vilify the american people and their level of debate in educated american society by very fraudulently and deceptively presenting this ultra-right wing bunch of psychopaths as being representative of american society. by doing so greenstreet, deliberately chose small and isolated groups at opposite ends of the spectrum to construct an image of america that is an outrageous and deliberate sensationalist lie. this film is clearly designed to inflame and pander to the views of people who harbor this subconscious and morbid hate the american people and way of life under the guise of spurist fashionable and cliché idealist left wing ideology. this film was made for profit not for furthering the truth about american society and the human condition. greenstreet can make documentaries that focus on ultra right wing conspiracies, the military industrial complex but fail miserably to present an intelligent and balanced factual debate let alone alternative solutions to the failings of a vibrant democracy. movie show is exposed as anti american by its support for this trash. sensationalism at its worst anti -usa garbage shameful.

the western society has been fed ideas about india being a poor country. movies like these only make those beliefs stronger. such illustrations make it all the more difficult for indians to be accepted abroad. agreed there are poor and homeless in india, but why is there no representation of educated people if not the successful ones.i totally hated the idea of the movie portraying patrick swayze as another mother teressa. in my opinion this movie has shown india in a very bad light giving wrong notions. it is unjust to discuss only one aspect of the society. exactly the reason why people ask me, "when we go to india, can we hire an elephant right outside the airport so we do not have to walk on the roads so full of filth and snakes?"those who want a second opinion on contemporary indian society should watch "monsoon wedding".

i purchased this film for $5 in a bargain bin at my local video store for one reason only, chase masterson, but i should have crumbled up the five, thrown it in a toilet and flushed. the film is about a bunch of twenty somethings that peaked in high school and reunite on the anniversary of their idiot friends death, who got drunk and wandered into the woods and died. there problem is a reptilian monster is hunting them down one by one. the acting is abysmal, these worthless people were apparently cast offs on shows like 90210 and dawsons creek. the directing was on par with a twelve year old and the script was probably done by a thirteen year old. the entire set looks like someone's backyard in malibu. the people on here that have praised this film are obviously friends of the director and/or actors. avoid this pile of garbage at all costs.

creature unknown is the right word for this movie. or maybe it should be called unknown movie. this movie is a piece of crap right from the beginning. it has a really stupid "plot," really pathetic "acting," and so-so "special effects." some thirty-something year old "post-teens" are trapped in the woods with a mad, reptilian, rubber-suit creature lurking around endlessly. what you get with this movie is a bunch of talk and precious little action. you have girls walking through the woods talking, and then you have guys (with heavy mascara on) walking through the woods talking. the whole thing is so boring!the creature itself is rarely seen throughout most of the movie. when it is shown the picture is distorted to mask the fact that it is a man in a rubber suit, and the movement shows that it is a suit, hence the reason for the blurring and distortion of the image. this is not a good movie in any since of the word and the ones here who have praised it are most likely the people that were picked up off the street to "act" in this truly stupefying movie! skip this one for certain!

imagine the big chill with a cast of twenty-somethings whose characters are all unlikable, and an iguana-like man-lizard chasing them around and you have an idea of the foolishness herein. on the positive side, the movie does not skimp on showing the monster. there's no peek-a-boo shots, or nighttime scenes where you have to imagine what he looks like; he's right out there folks. unfortunately, the design and construction aren't that inspired. a little bit of mystery might have helped. mind you, i've seen far worse, but if you're going to have him out on full display for a lot of the flick, your monster better look damn good. spoiler ahead!!!oh, and there's a twist ending involving the supposedly dead brother that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. this came as no surprise given the shoddy writing of the script. as for the acting; well let's just say it wasn't painfully bad, but i don't expect we'll be seeing many of these kids in future cinematic outings.gore quotient: 2 out of 5; nudity quotient: 1 out of 5; intelligence quotient: negligible

well this movie is amazingly awful. i felt sorry for the actors involved in this project because i'm sure they did not write their lines. which were sometimes delivered with slight sarcasm, which lead me to believe they were not taking this movie seriously, nor could anybody who watches this obnoxious off beat monster slasher. while watching this " creature unknown" i could not help but think that there was not much of a budget or a competent writer on the crew. but, if you go into watching this for a laugh you'll be happy, the movie is shameless to mocking itself because i cant see how anybody could look at this and be proud of pumping this straight to dvd clichéd wanna be action thriller/horror movie fightfest to light.

"steve"(chris hoffman)gathers a group from high school for a reunion at the cabin location where his twin brother wes went missing. while they are there, a reptilian creature in the shape of a man(reminded me a lot of the gillman from creature from the black lagoon)awaits in the wilderness choosing the right time to pick them apart one by one. a biker, ellen ripley-type time female bad-ass, kat(chase masterson)has an underground military bunker she practices experiments in, while it also serves as a place of safety from the thing on the bloody rampage. kat knows more than she's telling(she also suffered the loss of a child), but there's another novelty twist most of the group have no idea of. this creature might just be more human than they realize..and it's former identity might shed some light on a deception only one other person has been hiding since wes' death. kat holds the key to many of the mysteries that unlock as the group remains near the cabin.thankfully, a large portion of the film stays away from the creature which leaps in the air while we also see a hazy screen when we look through it's eyes. the film has dawson's creek-type melodramatics which often hinder any real tension that needs to build in a little monster movie. the direction is very bland leading to a relatively dull experience instead of eliciting scares. the cast is rather life-less and uninteresting. pretty maggie grace(the fog remake) might be the only draw for this film.

you know the story..pretty kids alone in the woods,when bam!something starts cutting them up.well this crap is no different.a bunch of kids return to a cabin where the male leads twin brother disappeared for years before.suddenly an "unkown creature" stars cutting them up,and their only help is a doctor/biker.to say this film was bad is an understatement,it's smut! the acting was horrible.the creature looked very cheesy. and as all films do these days they try to get you with a twist ending,which they do not!there is one bright spot to this film- lost star maggie grace as the female lead.

there's hardly anything at all to recommend this movie. chase masterson is always nice to look at and actually can act, though her role in this clunker is a waste. unfortunately the rest of the cast ranges from bad to mediocre. in a lot of films like this someone will shine through the material and you make a note of them for future reference. no such luck here. creature unknown" a clichéd monster-on-the-loose flick with the kids getting knocked off one after the other. the monster is a man in a rubber suit which hearkens back to the days of paul blaisdell. so bad it's good! the rest of the show is just so bad it's bad. a little humor might have made this more palatable, but everyone plays the deadly dull material straight up. there is a twist or two at the end, but by then you won't care anymore.

the monster from enemy mine somehow made his way into a small mountain community, where he has taken up residence. he's being hunted by a female doctor-turned-vigilante who is out to exterminate him. this female assassin, who looks like a refugee from a motley crue video, rides around on a motorcycle and tries to save a bunch of kids who have chosen to have a big chill weekend right smack dab in the middle of the monster's turf. decapitations and lots of blood are primarily in place to draw attention away from the story which limps along like a bad version of the island of dr. moreau (and yes, it's worse than the one with val kilmer).

really a terrible movie. it's to be expected, though. clearly a low budget: nothing all that innovative, an actress (if you can call what she does "acting") who always has roles with nudity in a shower scene, a man in a reptile suit almost modeled after predator, a cabin in the woods, etc. but there are some redeeming points. although the story is not new, for the most part, there's a few parts that aren't so regurgitated. for one, the black guy doesn't die when he's attacked (the first time) and he isn't even one of the first couple to die. but that's minor. more importantly, there's a very interesting twist regarding kat's experiments and wes & steve that i didn't see coming. when steve told kat he knew what she did, i believed what he said and what kat replied with. but when the creature revealed who he really was, i was pleasantly surprised at the novelty of the revelation. it could be because of my lack of experience with the genre, or that it's a genuinely clever twist.either way, the movie's pretty bad and don't watch it if there's anything better on... unless you're in the mood for a cheap scifi flick.

well, what can it be said about this disaster? i watched it because it aired on cable. i regret for wasting my time but at least i didn't waste money. the creature is the cheesiest you can get! please, you need to be very generous not to get angered by the cheap halloween costume. oh well, there are also displays of horrible acting, f/x, and dialogues. the confrontation with the creature is unbelievable, you can't get a more pathetic scene. this is the worst you can get from direct to video flicks. "creature unknown" makes full moon pictures movies look like "halloween". avoid this one at all costs, please. the only "positive" thing about this trash are the sexy women.

i guess i've seen worse films, but that may be becuz i'm so jaded by how standard these bad horror movies are. the killer monster thing is really really bad, basically its a guy in some kind of green body suit. there is much worse acting as far as b movie go, but don't think for a second this was anything stellar, hell no. it actually did have a plot with substance, but was still pretty stupid. basically its just a bad low budget horror movie. but at least its not as bad as titanic, that movie sucks balls, this one just sucks. the blood looks really fake in this movie. thats one complaint i have about all the horror of the new millinium, low grade gore, looks stupid. a good gruesome death scene with really fake blood is so stupid. at least there was a nice shower scene

in all my years of film-going, only once have i walked out on a film, and that was the dreadful "stay tuned." fortunately, the cinema refunded the ticket and i went to see "buffy the vampire slayer" instead (a minor improvement). that film is "gone with the wind" compared to "dick," a comedy so unfunny that it nearly became the second film i ever walked out of. "dick" was so unfunny it was even impossible to laugh at it, let alone laugh with it.granted, paying to see a movie with a title like "dick" suggests that it will be filled with inane "dick" jokes and wind up a huge letdown, and yet i had high hopes because of the notable cast (daniel hedaya, bruce mccullough, dave foley, kristen dunst, etc., etc.) and a premise that at least promised something fresh. what the film delivered was, as portended, four woefully predictable "dick" jokes, comic timing suffering from jetlag, and a premise that wore thin after the first five minutes. in short, it was the watergate scene from "forrest gump" stretched--nay, laid on a rack and mangled--over 90+ excruciating minutes.as soon as you understand that the two main characters--airless, insipid squealers who gasp and roll eyeballs incessantly--will participate in every major watergate event, you begin to mentally check off the plot as it progresses: 18 and a half minutes erased from the nixon tapes, check; the deep throat meetings with woodward and bernstein, check; john dean getting a change of heart and testifying, check. the process drags out more languidly and about as engaging as the real watergate affair with about as much laugh-getting to boot. and though it posits to be an amusing re-deconstruction of the events leading to president nixon's resignation, it turns into a paint-by-the-numbers, choose-your-own-adventure, fill-in-the-blanks comedy that says very little and entertains even less.even the film's strong point--the aforementioned cast--is bewilderingly unproductive here. the most disappointing of all is harry shearer as g. gordon liddy. trapped as he is behind the thick liddy moustache and strait-jacketed in this numbingly morose screenplay, shearer mumbles a few lines, tries desperately to leer from behind the prosthetic nose and eyebrows, then disappears. dave foley, one of the comic masterminds from kids in the hall (two others, bruce mccullough and mark mckinney also appear in this film--ah, the blessings of nepotism) fares badly as well. his h.r. haldeman occasionally lends a much-need lightening of the funeral plot, but the funniest thing about him is the buzz-cut he sports--perhaps the films funniest bit of all. and then there's daniel hedaya as richard nixon--oops, i mean "dick." (ha ha how amusingly funny.) he manages to play a solid nixon, avoiding the pitfalls (such as overdone make up, rubbery nose and false teeth a la anthony hopkins) while preserving the essence (the vacillations between human tenderness and coarseness). i seem to be forgetting someone . . . oh yes, the two stars of the film, those over-bubbly teenagers. can't remember their names, perhaps because i have repressed their performances. nothing could be farther from funny; nothing could be more painful than having to endure their deliverly that ran the gamut of "hyperactive" and "super-hyperactive" with an occasional "pouty" tossed in.this film seemed to be a bad excuse to string together a 70s soundtrack and parade outrageous period clothing, both of which seem to be the norm these days for films and tv shows set in the "me decade." but the clothes and the music wind up being an ersatz substitute for true characterization and plot, a kind of extra-plot shorthand that the producers hope will compensate for anemic writing.the only possible use for this film is years down the road when any one of its talented cast appears on david letterman or conan o'brien. this dreadful cinematic excretion will be dragged out to embarrass and hopefully humble the stunned guest star. the sad thing is that the real bad guys in all this--the writers and producers--will be far from the cameras gaze, possibly cooking up another disaster such as this.

such great actors such a disappointment. marlon brando plays and awful character, the movie is not funny at all, a subconscious message can be seen "it is a damn crap!!!", "it suucks so badly!!", "throw your tv through window", and so on. it is simply disgusting and irksome. in addition to foolish plot, sense of humor, there is something else. the way the rooms are decorated, the colors. it makes me sick, everything is so colourful that it might cause epilepsy. usually i do not care about the decoration in movie but this from "free money" made me angry. avoid at all costs! "free money" - probably for charlie sheen, sutherland and brando, but a viewer gets nothing! one watches it at cost of sanity.

*can anybody tell me where is the comedy ??!! *(charlie sheen) is a very weak comedian, (thomas haden church) is looking so feeble (with him !), and the whole thing is so thickheaded ! *they tried to make a live comic book which turned out to be super bloody comic nightmare and it wasn't even funny? like the plan's scene in the bathroom; it was so good with its cinematic imagination but there is nothing more.. except pain ! *donald sutherland ??! his relationship with his daughter ??!*this is actually a kind of work which they made it just to made it and earn some money from it , but it became such a crime when this money would be robbed from the very us whom got deceived by so low art work and an entertainment had absolutely no entertainment at all !*well, it would've been uglier if it was big production and starring brando in his golden years with a real star.*the sheen's family in here. just be aware of that !*anyone who found themselves admiring this movie or -god forbid- loving it ! then you must go directly to therapy before you become more dangerous and hurt anybody else !*(brando) undoubtedly is a genius but the movie isn't ! and he wasn't intending to be one in here after reading this for sure !! but the main big problem is that no one else ever worked in this thing trying, or wanting, to be a small time smart or even good !!! (sorry i'm crying now ! the movie's torturing is unbelievable !). *there is a scene where (brando) hitting (mira sorvino) by her shoes ! that was so realistic !? maybe he was seeing himself in her so he was punishing himself for being in such a crap ! *for the milliard time : this one could've been better (or less worse !). the script, till the train's heist, was nice and i just imagined that they'd escape to have some chase like it's another (smokey and the bandit) but with (brando) as the sheriff. in fact any of those chimeras was much merciful than what i've watched !*why this masterpiece didn't receive any razzie award ?! you want to make me believe that there was lower movie than this ? i do not think so ! it's a situation where the razzie's supervisor must himself win one for his negligence !!*martin sheen is here also as a guest star maybe for supporting his failure son but ironically the father was as failure as his son ! and why is that ?! well ! because i hate martin sheen maybe more than i hate comic movies weren't as good as its ambition ! *it's not a comedy movie, no.. it's a horror one !, and i just hate horror movies especially those which have been propagandized as comic ones ! *name good thing about it? hmmm ! well, this one compared to another marlon brando's monster movie (the island of dr. moreau - 1996) would be close to (casablanca) !! p.s : if you still want to know what are or who are precisely the bad, the ugly and the very ugly in this movie.. just pray your last prayers and go watch it.. may god help you !

i think it's a great movie!! it's fun, maybe a little unrealistic, but fun and dramatic!! i would like to see it again, if they were showing it in tv!! just 1 question: are we still talking about the same movie???

this wretched movie shows that not even some of gollywood's best can salvage a true landfill deposit..i could spend much time describing everything that was bad about this effort, but that would require more time and i've already wasted 91 minutes watching...it.looking at it now, after brando's death, shows how tragic the life of one of our greatest actors had become.donald sutherland? why? i have to fill more lines to get this accepted. i have to fill more lines to get this accepted. i have to fill more lines to get this accepted.don't waste your time with this movie. i'm overdue to do something interesting. bye.

i watched free money last night & it was the longest 90+ minutes of my life. with such an intriguing cast, i really thought that i was in for a treat - especially since i'm a brando fan. wrong! what a waste of talent. it's almost embarrassing to watch at times (like the cattle prod scene), & there were so many missed opportunities for humorous setups (why didn't they show charlie sheen's character going back to tow brando's truck?) ugh. it tries to be a slapstick comedy, but i just wasn't buying into it. skip this one. only for die-hard brando fans.i'm giving it 2 out of 10 because i still think the worse movie ever made was skidoo.

watching marlen brando on screen is like watching a master carpenter chiseling intricate details into a piece of mahogany. brando's acting is the only thing that makes this movie watchable. the plot is inane and laughable (not comic). the other big name actors seem to be making desperate attempts to give the characters they portray some modicum of humanity... these characters have the humanity of wet cardboard. everything about the technical side of this film is either mediocre or just plain awful. the director throws freeze-frame and slow-motion shots about with impunity. the incidental music is cartoonish and destroys any hint of dramatic effect. it's not something i really look for in a movie, but even the wardrobe was way off. the venerable brando couldn't take focus away from the awful rags they had him decked out in. i've heard this movie called "david lynch-esquire" and "irreverently funny"... it is neither. david lynch films are borne of wicked creativity - this film was in no way creative. and don't confuse irreverence with stupidity.

this charles outing is decent but this is a pretty low-key performance. marlon brando stands out. there's a subplot with mira sorvino and donald sutherland that forgets to develop and it hurts the film a little. i'm still trying to figure out why charlie want to change his name. every movie with "charles" has been pretty bad.

marlon brando had long since lost interest in acting when he made this film. his performance as "the swede" is the worst of his career, and that is precisely what he intended it to be. he doesn't overact. instead, he simply acts in a bizarre fashion and pokes fun at his embarrassingly gargantuan girth. the scene where brando climbs over the toilet stall is probably the worst, funniest moment in the history of cinema. as we witness him fall head-first into a toilet, it is hard to believe that we are watching the same actor who starred in a streetcar named desire, on the waterfront, and the godfather.i guess the real question is why marlon behaved like this in his later years. was he sick of the movie business? did he just like making a complete and utter fool out of himself? i guess we'll never know. but this film serves as a fascinating study as to what bad acting is all about.on that note, watch fellow acting veteran donald sutherland as he struggles to deliver his lines, embarrassed at himself for agreeing to participate in this travesty.

this movie makes a promising start and then gets very confused and muddled. kamal hasan has made a lot of effort in getting the period look right, pity he did not spend more time on the plot. most of the small characters in the movie show up for no particular reason.overall very disappointing, i would recommend avoiding this movie.

i would of given this film a zero out of ten, but i will give it a two. reason one is that shah rukh khan appears in the film, which is not really a reason. last point is that rani appears in this film and does a smooch with kamal. i love rani very much and have a respect that she is a great actress. which is why i didn't enjoy her in this movie kissing kamal, but its no big deal. anyway enough of the bedroom scenes that made this film noticeable, lets actually talk about this film. is it good or bad, i think its a completely rubbish movie that made me yawn. me being a fantastic critic, you can see my other 250+ review's by clicking on my name, i have great taste. the movie is not entertaining is one thing and if this is suppose to be hard hitting cinema, why is there no morale in this movie. its a biased movie thats not a true story and it stinks. watching kamal kissing these actresses makes me sick, man cant kiss properly anyway.

i'm not sure this is a spoiler; perhaps it is a public service. if you are one of those people focused on instant gratification who skip end credits, you will miss the final line of the end credits news announcer's voice-over, which states the u.s. has just surrendered to nazi germany on may 7, 1945 to end wwii. here are just a few of the problems with this close: 1)the older viewer must conjure up the equivalent of two or three more unholy movies in their mind's eye to fill in the yawning chasm between movie events and this startling conclusion.2)the average person will really kick themselves that they did not "watch" one of these unholy fill-in-the-blanks flicks created in their own head for free, instead of shelling out time and money to see this unholy from the video store (or on cable).3)this end credits sequence of imagined news bulletins may be the first information some younger viewers are exposed to about wwii, leading them to the conclusion that george w. bush is the latest heir to the nazi throne.

when i started watching this movie i saw the dude from buffy, xander, and figured ah how nice that he's still making a living acting in movies. now a weird movie i can stand, given that it's a good dose of weird like for example david lynch movies, twin peaks, lost highway etc. and you sort of have to be in the mood for one. this one however made me mockingly remember the crazy websites about there about conspiracy theory's that make absolutely no sense. i mean come on people nazi's who conspire with america to make an unholy trinity of evil powers? i was surprised they didn't mention the hollow earth in this movie with hitler flying saucers and lizard people. maybe if you had like 60 grams of heroine with this movie it would make some sort of sense, but seriously i don't condone drugs like i don't condone this movie. it should be burned, shredded and forgotten just so good ol' xander might get another acting job. it wasn't his acting though, that was alright, but the script just didn't make any sense. sorry.

can i please say first of all, that i felt so strongly about this movie that i signed up to imdb specifically to review it. and my review? this is easily the worst movie i have ever seen.the synopsis of the movie sounded interesting- nazis, occult, time travel, etc., but the movies plot failed to properly bring all these elements together. remember the episode of south park that featured manatees writing family guy using 'idea balls'? did these manatees also write unholy? its like the writer wanted to include all these different ideas, but had no idea how to link them all together, and then to make things make even less sense, included a donnie darko-esquire time travel theme to the ending, messing up the chronology.i could tell from early on that this was a bad movie. special effects were too low budget for anything better than straight to dvd. the acting wasn't great, but in fairness i've seen worse. i will praise the nazi paintings, they were creepy, but the evil nazi butcher guy was just comic.i don't have a vendetta against this movie or anything, but to be honest, i'm not even into the horror genre. but this movie cannot be described as a thriller or a drama. if this story had been well told, this would have been a good movie. but it has been over hyped. waaaaay over hyped.

this is a movie of tired, yet weirdly childish, clichés. there's a nazi witch master performing sf-related experiments in the basement? oh please! aiming for a creeping sense of horror and fear, the general impression of the film is that of a very immature conception of fright. not having any expectations beforehand, i am left with: an aged xander from buffy and a heroine with ape-like face who doesn't seem to know how to act. said adrienne barbeau have i only only encountered before in the much more enjoyable "cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death".camera and editing adds to the general impression of lame.

this sounded like a really interesting movie from the blurb. nazis, occult , government conspiracies. i was expecting a low budget nazi version of the davinci code or the boys from brazil or even shockwaves. instead you get something quite different, more psychological, more something like from david lynch. that was actually a plus. but the way the story is told is just awful.part of the trouble is the casting. andrienne barbeau's character starts off the moving being somewhat timid and afraid. she just doesn't do that well, even at her age, though she certainly tried. the actor cast as the son apparently thought this was a comedy. most of the other actors also seemed to have thought this was a campy movie, or at least acted like it, rather than simply being quirky. the only one that i thought did really well was the daughter, siri baruc.another big part is the pacing. it starts off very slowly. so slowly you might be tempted to turn it off. but then it gets compelling for a while when you get to the daughter's suicide and the aftermath. but shortly afterward, it all becomes a jumbled mess. some of this was on purpose, but much of it was just needlessly confusing, monotonous, and poorly focused.the real problem, is it's simply not a pleasant movie to watch. it's slow, dull, none of the characters are likable. overuse of imagery and sets. some movies you see characters get tortured. in this, it's the viewer that does. it does have a few creepy moments, most notably the creepy nazi paintings and the credits, but the rest of the movie is mostly just tiresome.

this movie is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. there is absolutely no storyline, the gags are only for retards and there is absolutely nothing else that would make this movie worth watching. in the whole movie fredi (oh my god what a funny name. ha ha) doesn't ask himself once how he came from a plane to middle earth. there are plenty of stupid and totally unfunny characters whose names should sound funny. e.g. : gandalf is called almghandi, sam is called pupsi ... and so on. i didn't even smile once during the whole movie. the gags seem like they were made by people whose iq is negative. if you laugh when someone's coat is trapped in the door (this happens about 5 times) then this movie is perhaps for you. another funny scene: they try to guess the code word for a closed door (don't ask why- don't ever ask "why" in this movie) and the code word is (ha ha): dung. so if you laughed at this examples you might like this movie. for everybody else: go to youtube and watch "lord of the weed": it's a lot, lot more fun.

it was meant to be a parody on the lotr-trilogy. but this was one of the most awful movies i've ever seen. bad acting, bad screenplay, bad everything. this is my personal opinion. i don't doubt any second that there are people who'll like this sense of "humor", but there have been better parodies on movies from acclaimed directors as mel brooks or the zucker brothers. i'm working in a movie theater and in dvd shop and the success for this movie was similar in both areas: at the movies it was a nice (but no big at all) success during the first two weeks but then, when the reviews of those who have seen it were not too good, the movie dropped very fast. in dvd sales it was good for short time but then nobody asked for it anymore. in the last ten years, the two worst movies i've seen are the ring thing and torque. i can't decide which one was worse, but i'm happy that there a so many good movies so i don't have to think too much on this question.

the main reason people still care about "carlton-browne of the f.o." is that it features peter sellers in a second-billed role. but watching this film to see peter sellers is a mistake.sellers plays amphibulos, a vaguely reptilian prime minister of the dirt-poor island nation of gaillardia, formerly a british colony, now hosting a lot of russian diggers during the height of the cold war. amphibulos wants to play both u.k. and soviet interests against each other for easy profit, "everything very friendly and all our cards under the table". terry-thomas is the title character, a lazy british diplomat anxious to show gaillardia that great britain hasn't forgotten them, all appearances to the contrary.a positive review here says: "the reason this movie is considered average is because the comedy is understated." i would argue that the reason "carlton-browne" is considered below average is because the comedy is non-existent.after a decent opening that establishes the film's only two strengths, a sympathetically doltish terry-thomas and john addison's full-on larky score, things quickly slow down into a series of slow burns and lame miscommunication jokes. the low opinion of carlton-browne by his boss and the obscurity of gaillardia (which no one can find on a map) is milked to death. by the time we actually reach the island (after a labored series of airsick jokes), expectations are quite low.they're still too high, though. the island itself, which seems to exist either in latin america or the mediterranean, is so pathetic its honor guard faints at the airport, and the review stand falls apart in the middle of a parade. the army is apparently still horse drawn, allowing for another lame aural gag by a thick-accented announcer: "in war, the army uses many horse."sellers never quite takes center stage even when we're on his character's island. the plot is taken over instead by ian bannen as king loris, who inherits the throne of gaillardia after his father's assassination. bannen is dull and plays his part as straight as it is written. normally this would make him the likely target for scene-stealing by sellers, but trapped behind a thick accent and greasy moustache, sellers is only a threat to those of us who remember him far more happily in two other films made this same year, "the mouse that roared" and "i'm all right, jack."strange that this film, like "jack", was a boulting brothers production, with roy boulting here serving as co-director alongside jeffrey dell. usually boulting films combine wicked social satire with anything-goes comedy, but here there are only fey jabs in either direction. amphibulos works his mangled-english vibe for all its worth ("this man is like, how do you say, the bull in the chinese ship") while carlton-browne is generally ragged on by his superior far more than he seems to deserve.the weakest and most protracted element of the film is young loris's romance with ilyena. score one point for her being played by ravishing luciana paluzzi, dock one for the fact that they are apparently cousins is never addressed.the film winds up with a lamely staged revolution whose surprise resolution will surprise no one, and a final bit of action by carlton-browne that would seem to nail the lid on his coffin literally. apparently he lives to see another day, but the film of the same name is strictly doa.

this film, though ostensibly a comedy, is deadly serious. its subject is imperialism (with a capital i): how britain, foolishly, humiliatingly, tries to convince itself that it's still a great power after world war ii. at home, the empire is run by amiable dolts, benevolent tories who are so in-bred that they can't distinguish close relatives; the offices of government consist of long forgotten archives (a dig at orwellian paranoia?), inhabited by indolent rats, and ante-rooms wherein lounge bored synacures, reading popular novels.abroad, britain clings to the old pomp; but pomp out of context looks threadbare and silly, especially when its embodied in bumbling twits. carlton-browne is an unsentimental picture of decline, with none of the lachrymose rot that marred the supposedly anti-imperialist jewel in the crown.the film is also about the cold war, bravely admitting that it's a dangerous farce, whose participants deserve mockery and contempt, not fear and respect. it's about how colonialism, characterised more by neglect than tyranny, destroys the colonies it deserts, robbing them of amenities, power, and, most importantly, self-respect, leaving them vulnerable to the machinations of dangerous cowboys.it's the seriousness, of course, that kills it. that's not to say that weighty subjects can't be treated in comedy - the miracle of morgan's creek, dr. strangelove and the life of brian have all proved that. indeed, one might suggest that serious themes should only be treated by comedy - it allows for a clearer-eyed view.the problem with carlton-browne is that every situation must have a significance beyond the merely comic, so that it becomes weighed down and unfunny. in the three films mentioned above, much of the comedy arises from character reaction to an extreme situation, not the extreme situation itself. here, the script is too poor to sustain rich comic characterisations, and some of the greatest comedy talent ever assembled - peter sellers, terry-thomas, raymond huntley and john le mesurier - are criminally wasted.terry-thomas, sublime so often, shows that he couldn't handle lead parts, and that he needed to play sneering, arrogant bounders, not brainless toffs. the music is made to carry much of the comedy, but its heavy irony only draws attention to the lack of hilarity on screen. (to be fair, unlike the majority of british comedies of the period, which were stagy and underproduced, the boultings often try to make their points through film itself, by montage and composition) only huntley manages to raise genuine laughs, and that's by essaying a character he could have played in his sleep.none of the boultings' farces have dated well - they're never thought through enough. although carlton-browne revels in the decline of the empire, it also seems to be anti-democratic and militaristic. i'm sure this wasn't intended, but these blunders are bound to happen if you allow worthy intentions to take precedence over comic intelligence and film form.

you may want to know up front that i am not a mormon, unlike a good number of those who have already reviewed this film. i mention this so you'll understand that the way i look at the film may differ greatly from those in the faith. for some, being critical of the film might be seen as being critical of the faith--and that is not my intention. so, my review is that of an outsider trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were. well, after seeing the film, i doubt if i have learned much at all. since i have been a history teacher, i have a good basic understanding about young as well as joseph smith as well as the teachings of the church. but anyone wanting to see this film to really learn anything will probably be disappointed because the film seems so gosh-darn nice--too nice and too unrealistic in its portrayal. plus, you learn practically nothing about the church's beliefs other than they are nice people, work hard and some have many wives (and this latter part is only barely hinted at in the film). instead, the people are almost cartoon-like in their simplistic portrayals. joseph smith and brigham young and their followers are angelic, the non-mormons were all devils and brian donlevy (playing exactly the same sort of role edward g. robinson later played in the ten commandments) is the trouble-maker who claims to be a mormon but just comes along so the film can have a bad guy. it's all so very simple....too simple. almost like an indoctrination film or infomercial.brigham young especially was a very complex man--with many good points (an excellent organizer and visionary) as well as bad (don't even get me started on his views about blacks within the church or intermarriage). to portray him in such vague terms is just plain silly. it's also a lot like how gandhi was portrayed in the film with ben kingsley--only the facts that led to his being almost super-human were emphasized. heck, now that i think about that, this is the trouble with most religious films--they often come off as one-dimensional, trite and bland. let's have a full and more complete film of these men--one that will stick to facts and not emotional appeals.now if you can ignore the fact that you won't learn very much about the faith or its second leader, the film is enjoyable enough. it's obvious someone at 20th century-fox really cared about the film, as they had a wonderful cast of both premier actors (tyrone power), up and coming actors (linda darnell, jane darwell and vincent price) and wonderful character actors (dean jagger, john carradine and brian donlevy). the film also had wonderful location shooting and lots of gloss. it just didn't have a lot to tell us other than they were all "swell". plus, there were plenty of factual errors and a few just plain dumb scenes. a few of the mistakes include young taking over the helm immediately after the death of joseph smith (it was three years later), no mention of the various mormon denominations and splinter groups, talk of "gold in california"--even though it was 1847 and gold wouldn't be discovered until 1948, as well as no specific mention of polygamy or smith's many wives. just plain dumb scenes include carradine pulling out a gun and waving it about in the courtroom scene--and no one seemed to care--even though it was a very hostile audience! don't you think at least the judge would tell him to put it away and stop threatening people with it?!one final comment. do not, i repeat, do not watch this film when it's shown on american movie classics (a one great station that has sunk a lot in recent years). while i am critical of the film because of its simplistic message, i was horrified with the complete disrespect the station had for the church and its traditions. what i mean is this. the film was punctuated with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop-ups (some advertising a show that features the "sexiest cast"). talk about disrespectful and gross and i would be just as offended if they did this for any other religious film. by doing this, they not only insult the faith but marginalize their market--after all, who is into hearing about these things and the life of brigham young?! is this a movie, in this form, that you can show to your kids or recommend to others?!

this film has got several key flaws. the first and most significant of which is the clear lack of a good plot! this sadly makes the film not only difficult to watch but also sends the watcher certain feelings of hopelessness, as if he or she is wasting valuable time of their short life. this means that the film cannot captivate it's audience, instead it encourages the viewing public to grow contempt for the film and everything associated with it! in short, it really is very very very very very very very bad! do yourself a favour and chew on a large rubber shoe, you'll find it far more interesting and enjoyable than watching terminator woman.

one scene demonstrates the mentality of "terminator woman" pretty well: karen sheperd and another woman are trying to escape from the villain's camp. karen runs across an armed guard, who points his gun at her, but after a few seconds throws it away and challenges her to a fight. karen kicks him in the balls, picks up the gun and runs away! then again, when a film is directed by a martial artist and written / produced by another member of his family, you know you shouldn't expect too much. karen sheperd and jerry trimble do get some amusing banter going early on, and the film might have turned out better if it had focused more on their love-hate relationship. but after about 20 minutes they get separated, and the film slows to a crawl, and even with the occasional fight scene to liven things up, it lacks excitement. the finale has trimble fighting qissi inside a cave and sheperd going womano-a-womano against the beautiful ashley hayden on a speedboat, but the fights are intercut in a way that breaks their flow and diminishes their value. on the positive side, kudos to the costuming department for giving karen the chance to show spectacular cleavage throughout the film! (*1/2)

i just didn't get this movie...was it a musical? no..but there were choreographed songs and dancing in it...was it a serious drama....no the acting was not good enough for that.is whoopi goldberg a quality serious actor..definently not.i had difficulty staying awake through this disjointed movie. the message on apartheid and the "tribute" to the students who died during a student uprosing is noted. but as entertainment this was very poor and as a documentary style movie it was worse.see for yourself, but in fairness i hated it

the concept for sarafina appears to be a sound one, that is aside from the musical perspective. it attempts to combine upbeat african music with a story describing the atrocious conditions and atmosphere that black people were forced to endure at the time the film was set. the contradictions of each of the two elements are too glaring and the film never justifies such rapid shifts between jubilation and terror. had it simply been a drama reflecting these conditions it may have been a good film, however the scenes of school children being shot down by soldiers don't exactly sit well next to the songs. aside from the poor premise the acting isn't the best either, goldberg gives a mediocre performance as does the remainder of the cast. overall a disappointment.3/10

this was an awful movie! not for the subject matter, but for the delivery. i went with my girlfriend at the time (when the movie came out), expecting to see a movie about the triumph of the human spirit over oppression. what we saw was 2 hours of brutal police oppression, with no uplift at the end. the previews and ads made no mention of this! plus, for all that they played up whoopi goldberg, my recollection is that she is arrested and killed in the first 20 minutes! again, the previews say nothing about this! (not that you would expect that, but it's just more of the problem). if i had known how depressing this movie would be, i would've never have seen it. or at least, i would've been prepared for it. this was a bait and switch ad campaign, and i will never see this movie again!

i am amazed at the amount of praise that is heaped on this movie by other commentators. to me it was rather a disappointment, especially the combination of historical facts, fantasy and the main character's internal turmoil does not work at all (in vonnegut's book slaughterhouse five and even in george roy hill's adaptation for the screen it does). credibility is often overstretched. too many questions are left open. did i miss some central points? or did i fail to spot the lines that supposedly connect the dots? a boy called campbell, jr., grows up in upstate new york. at home his father has many technical trade papers and one book. it has photographs of heaps of dead bodies in it. the boy leafs through the book, his dad doesn't like his doing that. what should this tell me? the family moves away from upstate new york to berlin. bang. it is 1938, the boy is a married man in berlin and a theater playwright. what kind of plays does he write? in what language? is he successful? his wife is an actress and looks glamorous. the parents move back to the usa and invite their son to do the same. he does not. why? because having grown up in germany he feels more german than american? because he is successful? because his wife is? because he likes his life there? because he likes the nazis? because he is just plain lazy and doesn't like change? don't ask me.possibly, the man just does not care, is not interested in politics, is a kind of an existentialist. he states that he is deeply in love with his wife. he speaks of his republic of two (meaning he and his wife). there is little to no evidence proving his love for his wife in the movie, it much more seems a republic of one.on the request of an american agent campbell, jr., agrees to broadcast anti semitic nazi hate propaganda to american listeners as a device for transmitting encrypted messages to american authorities who read between the lines. the crucial meeting with the agent on a berlin park bench is short, unexciting and anti climactic, the decision to play along comes pretty easily with no explanation, the rise up to broadcaster seems to be uneventful and apparently fast.so now we have campbell, jr., presenting himself over the air as the last free american. the scheme for transmitting secret messages is fairly realistic and exciting - although one wonders what happened when campbell, jr., really and honestly had to cough, hiccup etc. (must have scrambled the messages terribly). anyway, the nazis lose, the wife dies (touring in the crimean for german troops - i never heard such tours really happened on german front lines in ww ii), campbell, jr., says he goes to the russian front but does not go, is captured by an american soldier who recognizes his mug (how come?), is dragged to a sight-seeing tour in auschwitz, is then released and resettled with the help of the crucial agent somewhere in the city of new york.and this is where the story really starts bang. from now on it is like a short story by paul auster. it is 1961, campbell, jr., lives in new york tenement as a has-been and mourns the loss of his wife. nobody really cares - or do they? yes, somehow they do, and his neighbors offer some sort of distraction. auschwitz survivors. a painter. some american supremacists „discover" him and want him to be their figurehead. they even find his presumed dead wife for him, or is she his wife? anyway, in the end campbell, jr., calls in at the israeli consulate, and they obligingly give him the big war criminal treatment, placing him in the cell adjacent to adolf eichmann's. he writes his life story and, once this task finished, hangs himself on the typewriter's ribbons without getting sooty the least bit.while i can see that there must be an issue of guilt and of loss, i just had the impression that the main character is a person who at all times is pretty indifferent to everything and hardly capable of love for anyone. so i found it difficult to sympathize for this looser who mourns his loss. amazingly, many reviewers focus on his status as a potential war hero, having put his reputation at stake for playing the last free american. i assume according to them this took a lot of courage. as a matter of fact, however, the movie suggests that by accepting the assignment campbell created for himself a win-win situation, as he would have been politically on the safe side no matter who had won the war. the danger of his being uncovered never comes up during the first part of the story.one might argue, that the whole story is a dreamlike fantasy and that nobody should bother with historical accuracy or a logical development of the story which explains everything. but even then it fails to make a point, primarily, i suspect, because the love affair in the republic of two falls completely flat. this is a pity, especially if you consider that the wife was played by sheryl lee, a talented, versatile and sensuous actress. she has much too little screen time and is forced to use a ridiculous german accent. another somehow neglected aspect are the different texts (confession, broadcast and hidden messages), but i guess this is largely unfilmable. maybe i should give the book a chance.

i am really shocked that a great director like chuck jones started out making some of the most incredibly boring cartoons i've ever seen. i did not laugh once throughout this short, and it's a bugs bunny cartoon, for christ's sake! bugs bunny cartoons are always funny, not boring! alas, this short turns out to be good night elmer (another incredibly boring jones short) with the addition of bugs bunny.the first warning sign of a dull cartoon is always no gag payoff. good night elmer was boring because it dragged on the same two gags forever with predictable payoff. this cartoon, on the other hand, is afflicted with the second warning sign of a dull cartoon: there's too much dialogue. the cartoon at least has more than two gags up its sleeve, but most of them seem longer than they are thanks to the immense padding of the dialogue. at one point, elmer finishes eating dinner, and comments, "that was weawwy awfuwwy good weg of wamb," possibly the most redundant dialogue i've ever heard in a cartoon (characters reading text out loud in the later-era woody woodpecker cartoons doesn't count in my book). even though this cartoon is only 8 minutes long, it feels like 20 thanks to redundant dialogue like this.elmer's pet rabbit was not a fun cartoon for me, but if you've sold your soul to chuck jones and are unable to acknowledge that he directed a few clunkers during his career, you might enjoy it.

i am very disappointed with this movie because i like these french actors and i liked "buffet froid" from this director (bertrand blier) but the script of "les acteurs" is very poor. why these actors they agreed to play this poor scenario.

before starting to watch the show, i've heard it was great and aesthetically very interesting. what a deception, the scripts are so dumb that i am quite sure the authors are son and grandson of scoobidoo writers. and what about the sfx and colors, they are so extreme that it is painful to watch, colors are not saturated they are over saturated, like scripts are overwritten and show is overrated. this show is like a bad pie in which a child would have put only sugar and butter thinking that because these ingredients are the best, they are sufficient. unfortunately for this show, the only two ingredients of this show are finally vacuity and a total lack of credibility.

i have not seen the first film and if it anything like this have no great desire to. having just watched it a few hours ago i am struggling to remember a thing about it. from what i remember it's main plot seems to be a group of very annoying people stay at a house with that dodgy old woman from friday the 13th and are stalked by plank of wood man.some people die, the film ends, i am starting a law suit against the person who sold me this film as i want compensation for the missing time in my life. i will pay u £1 to take this film off my hands......oh wait i already gave it away to a "friend".

mike hawthorne(gordon currie)is witness to the brutal murder of his mother and suicide of his father morty(jon fedele). twenty years later, mike gathers a group of his friends to his family's cabin in the woods for a halloween party. while playing a game where the guests confess and confront their worst fears...mike tries to summon the spirit of his late father. it is soon discovered that morty's spirit inhabits a wooden indian in the cabin. the statue comes to life and the blood bath begins.most of the f/x are not very convincing and the movie takes on a cheap teen slasher theme. stale story pitifully acted. cast members of note are: kelly benson, phillip rhys, emmanuelle vaugier, byron chief-moon and veteran actress betsy palmer.

a young boy sees his mother getting killed and his father hanging himself. 20 years later he gets a bunch of friends together to perform an exorcism on himself so he won't turn out like his father. all the stock characters are in place: the nice couple; the "funny" guy; the tough (but sensitive) hood; the smart girl (she wears glasses--that's how we know); the nerd and two no-personality blondes. it all involves some stupid wooden statue that comes to life (don't ask) and kills people. i knew i was in trouble when, after a great opening scene, we jump to 20 years later--all bad horror movies do that!the dialogue is atrocious, the acting is bad (except for betsy palmer--why betsy?) and the killings are stupid and/or unimaginative. my favorite scene is when two people are supposedly having sex and the statue knocks the guy off the bed to show he's fully dressed! a real bad, stupid incoherent horror film. avoid at all costs.

those of you who, like me, were disappointed with the original 1995 horror yarn, "the fear" will find more to be disappointed with in this silly little sequel. it sort of follows a similar plot, but it is impossible to connect to the original, with the exception of the presence of morty, the mannequin monster made of wood. here is a brief overview.twenty years after mike hawthorne (gordon currie, in a decent performance) witnesses his father brutally murder his mother and then take his own life, mike is still suffering from the fear of that day. in hopes of ridding his fear, mike takes his girlfriend and a bunch of friends up to his grandparents' home. his plan is for everyone to dress up in costumes that represent their fears, and then present the fears to the mannequin morty. according to an indian friend, this process is supposed to magically take away one's fear. what mike doesn't know is that morty is possessed with his father's spirit, and begins killing off the friends...or is it really mike himself doing the killings? who cares?a have a few troubles with this film. the first lies with morty. i thought the original made morty look rather convincing. this time, it is painfully obvious morty is a man (actor jon fedele) in a fake looking suit. this can especially be seen in early scenes, where morty is still supposed to be inanimate, but if you watch closely you can see him blinking. another trouble is that most of the characters don't try hard enough. some of them do, namely betsy palmer, of friday the 13th fame, who was excellent in this film. but most of them don't make the effort or weren't given the chance. finally, there are the killings. the opening scenes involving ax murders were very convincing. actually, when i saw them i thought i was in for a good movie. when the second half of the movie arrives, and the killings really start, everything falls to pieces. deaths are either uncreative, unseen, or foreseen (glimpses of the next scene as currie has a blackout). one character dies in the end and no one, including the viewer, even notices. while more characterization was needed in the beginning half, it wasn't too bad. the second half was. i think new director chris angel got to this point and really didn't know how to shoot the violent scenes, so they turned out real sloppy and pedestrian. a silly ending doesn't help either. thus, unless you really loved the original and enjoy plucking splinters out from under your skin, you should probably skip "the fear 2: halloween night." zanatos' score: 4 out of 10.

this movie was crap with a capital "c." the opening scene showed promise. but that "promise" was broken shortly after the viewer learns where the plot is going.and the wooden statue, morty, who was rather creepy in the original film, looks plain goofy in this one. it was so obviously just a guy in a cheap plastic costume. (and by the way, who else thinks "morty" is one of the most un-scary names on planet earth? it ranks right up there with "jimmy" or "fred" when it comes to horror value. or why not just name the wooden statute henry-freakin'-kissinger. "run, it's dr. kissinger!" that'd be about as scary as "morty.)and then there's a scene where the "hero" hits his father's tombstone with---"a sledgehammer?" you might guess--"a two-by-four?" someone might venture. no, he angrily beats his father's tombstone with a twig---a freakin' twig. but worse than that, once the characters walk away, the tombstone actually, and inexplicably, bleeds. oh brother!there's also a native american guy who lives with the main character's grandparents, but apparently, does nothing except morty-maintenance. he perpetuates creepy morty-legends, warns those who scoff, and even fixes morty's arm when it becomes damaged during a childish prank. but for all his respect for and tenderness toward morty, does morty give a rat's hairy behind? no.the movie drags on, and eventually several people die in ways that correspond to their worst fears (sort of). this film is a real yawner. don't rent it.

five-year-old michael sees his mother getting axed to death by his serial killer father "the highwayman," who later commits suicide. "20 years later" grown mike (gordon currie, from puppet master 4 and 5) invites seven of his friends to his secluded grandparents home to "master their own fears" at a halloween night costume party. morty, a life-size wooden doll kept in the attic by the indian handyman, becomes possessed by the dead father's spirit and kills them off using their phobias. characters are thrown out a window, drowned in a toilet, eaten by rats, blown up, etc. morty morphs into the dad and a tree, walks around and makes stupid wisecracks. after finding a girl chopped up and stuffed in a cardboard box, the characters remain in the house, act cheerful, crack jokes and have sex.the morty design is good and betsy palmer (mrs. voorhees from the original friday the 13th) is surprisingly delightful as the grandmother, but this thing is even more senseless and confusing than the original and is full of false scares, bad acting, brain-dead characters, repeat flashback footage and annoying distorted camera-work. plus the only two minority characters (the indian and a half-black girl) are the first to die. blah!

twenty years ago, the five years old boy michael hawthorne witnessed his father killing his mother with an axe in an empty road and committing suicide later. on the present days, michael (gordon currie) invites his girlfriend peg (stacy grant) and his best friends chris (myc agnew), jennifer (emmanuelle vaugier), lisa ann (kelly benson), ned (brendon beiser), mitch maldive (phillip rhys) and trish (rachel hayward) to spend the halloween in the country with his grandparents in their farm. he asks his friends to wear costumes that would represent their greatest innermost fear, and together with his indian friend crow (byron chief moon), they would perform an ancient indian celebration using the carved wooden dummy morty (jon fedele) that would eliminate their fears forever. the greatest fear of michael is to become a serial killer like his father, but something goes wrong and morty turns into his father, killing his friends."the fear: resurrection" is a disappointing and pointless slash movie that uses the interesting concept of eliminating the greatest innermost fear of each friend before it grows, but in a messy screenplay full of clichés. there are some exaggerated performances, like for example ms. betsy palmer; others very weak, but in general the acting is good. unfortunately there is no explanation why the dummy is brought to live; further, in spite of being surrounded by close friends, the group does not feel pain or sorrow when each one of them dies. the low-pace along more than fifty minutes could have been used to built a better dramatic situation. in the very end, michael shows a charm that his father was interested that i have not noticed along the story. i do not know whether the previous reference was edited in the dvd released in brazil with 87 minutes running time. the special effects are very reasonable for a b-movie. my vote is four.title (brazil): "fear 2: uma noite de halloween" ("fear 2: one night of halloween")

wow!i just was given this film from a friend of mine, who bought it for 1.98 at walmart, and he felt that he got taken! it is beyond boring, most of the scenes are filmed in front of a green screen, the acting is somewhat improvised, almost as if they didn't have a script. the martians are cgi, which look like they were done by a novice, or a fan produced movie. i cannot stress just how bad this dvd really is!example: in one of the scenes, the martians are torturing a local female captive. she goes from a woman in front of a green screen, to a cgi copy of that woman. the change is totally noticeable, and when she is killed, you can see that it is a computer figure, looking like something from a game back in 1990!if at all possible, avoid this movie like the plague! you can download two trailers from their site, and see how god-awful it really is!

let this serve as a warning to anyone wishing to draw attention to themselves in the media by linking their name to that of a well-loved and well-respected, not to say revered author, in order to draw attention to their home-movies out on dvd.hyped to the skies by its obviously talentless makers, in fact lied about only to be revealed, finally, as ludicrously inept in every department, the fans of wells and of his book have been after the blood of its writer-producer-director since it appeared on dvd.many good points have been made by the other comments users on this page. particularly the one about using this as a teaching aid for film school students, since this "film" does not even use the basic grammar of scripting, editing, continuity, direction throughout its entire 3 hours running time. it is possible the director did show up for the shoot. certainly there was no-one present who knew even remotely what they were doing.an ongoing thread continues to evolve on this imdb page which should at least furnish the watchers of this witless drivel with a few laughs for their $9.00 outlay.much was promised. absolutely nothing was delivered. except "monty python meets "war of the worlds" with all the humour taken out.indefensible trash. just unbelievable.there are real independent film-makers out there to be checked out. people who actually try to work to a high standard instead of flapping their gums about how great their movie is going to be.people could do worse than keep an eye on brit film-maker jake west's "evil aliens" for example.

a romance without feeling, a drama of issues without point (or drama).... this film is supposed to be all these and fails on each and every account, as if it isn't trying. or as if the director/editor/scriptwriter team isn't really trying. the actors are able--they need better support.one element that doesn't fail is the score by george delarue. beautiful and moving. what a shame it's attached to this film. in a good film actors' words and movements and music synchronize and enhance the impact. this editor plastered on music with no regard for dialogue and movement. the love scene is particularly grating in this respect: an insult to the talents of the lead actors.there is another element in the film that works: location photography. notably one moment in grand central station. i'd guessed in advance what was going to happen; but how it was filmed in that setting was breathtaking.some commentators on this board have pointed out that us assimilation of criminal nazi scientists actually happened during these years of the maccarthy scare. the moment the film seems to start looking seriously at american society, it switches into conventional romance; before any human feelings can move us, it's away on a (predictable) 'thriller' escapade.just as the film insults the talents of the actors, it insults the issues it's pretends (and fails) to take up.you are warned.

watching beautiful women sneaking around, playing cops and robbers is one of the most delightful guilty pleasures the medium film lets me enjoy. so the house on carroll street was not entirely a waste of time, although the story is contrived and the screenplay uninspired and somewhat irritating.there are many allusions to different hitchcock pictures, not least the choice of kelly mcgillis in the starring role. she is dressed up as grace kelly, and she is not far off the mark. not at all. but her character is not convincing. the way she is introduced to the audience, she should be someone with political convictions and a purpose in life. after all the movie deals with a clearly defined time period, true events and a specific issue. but the story degenerates within the first minutes into a sorry run-off-the-mill crime story with unbelievable coincidences, high predictability and a set of two dimensional characters. this is all the more regrettable, as the performances of the actors are good, as are the photography and the set design.the finale in central station, new york is breath taking. it starts in the subterranean section and then moves up to the roof. the movie can be praised for its good use of architecture.

well, i could nt get into the plot, but thats just me maybe. listless camera-movements at times, nevertheless this movie has got a charming vintage quality.the acting is genuine at times and entertaining with the occasional chase sequence involving scantily clad ladies, which was nice. the climax is confused and disjointed, but still ...err riveting, thanx to stella stevens.the stunts are interesting, specially because of the 70's las vegas backdrop. there are a few jerky hand-held camera-movements at the end, which keep me guessing, for a while. but i don't think i ll b chasing the dvd, just yet.

there's really not a lot to say about las vegas lady. it's harmless enough, but it is little more than a dull heist film from the 70s. the movie is neither as clever nor as sexy as it strives to be. the plot is a retread of the tired old casino robbery storyline that's been done to death. except in the case of las vegas lady, i think the robbery plot was designed by a 3 year-old. the plan involves three women – one to unnecessarily and in plain view scale the outside of the circus cicus building, one to pose as a waitress only to blow her cover at the first opportunity, and one to stand around exposing her cleavage. that's pretty much it. intricate, huh? other than stella stevens and her aforementioned breasts, the other women involved in the plot aren't particularly memorable. las vegas lady co-stars stuart whitman. when not pawing stevens, his involvement in the movie is highlighted by one of the most idiotic gun fights ever put on film.i really wanted to like this movie. it does have that 70s feel to it that i always enjoy and some nice shots of las vegas circa 1975. but the movie itself is too dull to rate any higher than a 4/10 – and that's probably overstating it. in the end, las vegas lady is a waste of some perfectly good cleavage.

very, very humdrum movie fare here with stella stevens taking directions from someone in disguise(it didn't take me long to guess who it was) in old nevada town outside vegas for a money heist in the circus circus hotel in las vegas. stevens leads her girl gang of three, and they find out that they must act much quicker than had been anticipated. despite some neat looks at las vegas in the 70's, very average yet credible acting from most involved, and a plot line with potential, las vegas lady lays one big boring egg. it seems forever for the film to kick into gear,and when it does it just sputters here and there and never really speeds up. i was somewhat disappointed with this film. sure, i wasn't expecting anything great, but i at least thought this might be one of those neat exploitation films from the 70's or something like it. not even close. no one dies. there is a lame gunfight between creaky stuart whitman and officious george dicenzo, one year prior to his grand performance as the prosecuting attorney bugliosa in helter skelter. the gunfight has all the suspense of watching a waterfall. there is one punch and one head hit with a blunt instrument. beyond that nothing in terms of action. and as for the girls, don't expect much there either. stella and her girls(both very mediocre yet pretty talents, get in a sauna and a bath. what do we see? nothing but a fleeting side profile. stella wears these nice open blouses accentuating her real talents, but i wish she would have been a bit more open with her performance. that way i could write one thing that would recommend the film. alas, it was not to be, and i have little to say in this film's favor. it isn't a horrible film in any way, it just has nothing going for it either. yawn.

this tiresome, plodding las vegas casino heist movie in almost impossible to watch and get involved in. it's something you 'look at' if you have absolutely nothing else better to do. the only two decent things in this movie are both attached to gorgeous stella stevens and one spends the entire program hoping she'll fall out of one of those skimpy tops she wears. many great shots of mid-70s las vegas (when it was still a cool place to visit) and the fashions of the day are good for a giggle as well. otherwise, one big yawn. the rhino dvd has a very good widescreen transfer but even at under 10 bucks it still ain't worth it in my humble opinion.

i couldn't believe it. i had to rub my eyes a few times. was it true? yes, there were billy dee williams, jeff conaway, maxwell caulfield and tracy scoggins - all of them have some manner of talent but here they all were in what basically adds up to a cinemax-style skin flick set on board a spaceship!sad as it is, "alien intruder" tries to be unique, with a computer virus/alien demon/harpy/whatever else you want to call her named ariel (scoggins) infiltrating this sort-of high-tech virtual reality station on board a spaceship where four men are allowed to live out their fantasies as the system is over-seen by their captain (williams).interesting? maybe, but here everything just plays out like a well-padded episode of "red shoe diaries". williams out-classes everything right and left, and looks like he'd rather be doing anything else, anywhere else. ah, the things people do for money....the fx are pretty static, maybe even less than what you'd expect for a straight-to-video cheapie like this. unfortunately, even the female nudity is less than you'd expect. sexual innuendo is the real star here and, of course, it gets all the best scenes.if you like a movie that's all tease and no brains, check out "alien intruder". of course, you'll probably have to look no further than cinemax at 2 or 3 in the morning.no stars, not even for what star power this flick can muster.leave this one lost in space.

when a friend gave me a boxed set of "12 amazing scifi/horror movies!" i was understandably a little cautious. but, since the item was a gift, i really didn't truly pay my common sense much heed. after all....movies for free! so what if they are a little ropey. after much consideration, alien intruder was the first of those movies. ironically, it was first choice because it looked the best of the bunch. all i can say is, if this is the best of them, i shudder to think what the rest are like.on the surface, it had some good things going for it. four (count 'em!) actors that i was familiar with. billy dee williams, tracy scoggins, maxwell caulfield and jeff conaway. i told myself..."billy and tracy have been in some good scifi (star wars and babylon 5, respectively) so they wouldn't sign up for a turkey. max is a veteran soap actor who never really managed to break into film....but not too shoddy an actor. an jeff....well...he's done the good and the bad as far as films and tv go." i was soon to discover that jeff had decided to add "the ugly" to his repertoire of movies.the first clue was in the opening scenes. jeff mugs his way with gusto through an "i'm mad" scene before finally killing himself. an amusing cameo performance, really. unfortunately this is, without much exaggeration, the highlight of the film. it goes downhill from there.next up we have the commander of the mission (williams) who is being sent out to see what happened to jeff and his crew busy picking his new shipmates from among the ranks of the criminal element. but this assortment aren't so much the dirty dozen - more like the unconvincing foursome. plus, one of the crims, a computer hacker, is shown in his cell working away on a laptop computer. isn't that a bit like letting a murderer run a gun shop in the slammer? pretty lame prison, if you ask me.when they finally take off the effects are truly horrible. it looks like the spaceship model was knocked up in an afternoon by some bored 8 year old who had parts left over from his airfix kits.but the horror doesn't stop there. whilst on route to the area where jeff's ship vanished, the criminal crew are rewarded for their good behaviour by being given weekends of virtual reality, in which they indulge their male fantasies. all well and good, and the use of scenes from their fantasies serves as an introduction to the "alien menace" which begins to appear there. but did they have to drag it out for quite sooooo loooooong? alien intruder? alien boring, more like.finally they make it to g-sector and the alien presence makes them fight against each other for her affections until only good old max is left. the ending, in truly optimistic rubbish film vein, hints at a sequel - as if! also making an appearance in this movie is a character i'll nickname the "sweatdroid". he's supposed to be an android, but apparently that fact was lost on the make-up crew, who provided him with sweaty features at any opportunity. but don't worry, he's just there to make up the body count numbers at the end.williams and scoggins, to be truthful, do very little in the film. they only just barely stay awake, let alone act. and, as i mentioned earlier, jeff gets an early trip to the showers, so his manicness isn't allowed to enlighten much of the film. max tries his best, as do a couple of the other cast members, but the movie is just direly atrocious, to be honest.the one, and only, half-way imaginative thing this movie offers is the ship naming convention. they are all named after musicians - holly, presley, joplin. the rest of the film is bland and uninspired.made in 1992, i had thought, on initial viewing, it was one of those 80's straight-to-video jobs. looks like they still made crap movies well into the 90's, it seems.it's best avoided. even as a beer n chips movie this film is a stinker, but at least you can fast forward it, i suppose.

as usual, on imdb, going by the majority vote instead of the "weighted average" is far more indicative of the movie's entertainment value. in this case, the majority gives it a "one". how right they are! to start my review, i'll first admit that i am completely clueless as to why this movie is titled "alien intruder". it does involve space and even an "alien" (i suppose), but there's no rhyme or reason (at all) for anything in the long run, at least, no actual plot basis or resolution that i can make out anywhere.there are quite a few scenes that are so atrocious (with regard to both the lines, the timing, and how they are spoken), that it far exceeds the weird feeling you get when watching similar really bad movies. i have no idea about that part near the beginning where an electronic bugs bunny seems to be ranting about something.the "plot" solely involves an area of space known as the g-spot, sorry, make that g-sector...and a virtual reality program infected with some sort of alien(?) virus. i think it is alien since the image of the otherwise normal ariel appears as a photographic negative.for most of the movie, we see people getting shot with space weapons, falling out of lofts, and seemingly endless, pointless close shots of "where's ariel?", "can't find ariel" (pointless because most of the other shots include interaction with ariel, anyway - whatever) on a computer monitor. commander skyler (billy dee), sits and watches each fantasy of the convict's vr programs hoping to find this alien virus and become one with it...??? or maybe i missed something...billy dee williams took a few courses on "how to act in despair" prior to the filming of this. we know this because he spends a lot of time moving his fingers down over his face and looking mournful.the docking scene with the nose of one ship going into the rear of the other was semi-hilarious at least, and provided for a laugh in addition to the early scenes where we see several shots of the ship as it is just spinning in a circle, looking much like a lego experiment gone awry.it seems everyone dies in this movie, so why bother? even the vr females get killed, as if that is supposed to mean anything (especially since everyone else dies anyway)...outrageous.because of the money i save on groceries, i won't rant about wanting my money back that i paid for the dvd of this. the dollar that i saved on that bag of vanilla wafers paid for this reviewer's time.i'll just add that the story itself, at least as a novel, and with far more detail added, could probably be quite interesting with the right author.1/10

who me? no, i'm not kidding. that's what it really says on the video case.plot; short version: pretty woman stands around smiling. this, for some reason, makes all men kill each other."find ariel...where's ariel...can't find ariel..." she's right behind you, you idiot...most of what can be said about this horrendous little space opera has already been said, looks like.a bunch of corny actors playing mostly convicts come in after the first selection of actors is knocked off very quickly. then they get knocked off in the same way. every scene is broadcast nearly fifteen minutes in advance. perhaps it was a drawing of straws to see which actors had the most screen time and bigger pay check. the alien virus/hologram/vr witch/glitch seems physically powerless and doesn't do a thing. why can't she just stay in the computer instead of doing her "teleporting vampire" routine? (actually, it would've been more interesting if she had been a vampire, or doing more than just standing around looking at people, which is all she ever does. this is enough to make all the men kill each other. go figure...)this isn't really a space flick. there are far more shots of the old western trail, 1950's easy rider trail, film noir's night club scene, even a jog on the beach in fantasy-land, none of which has any real depth or even makes any sense. the night club scene is in black and white, of course. worked with "the wizard of oz". doesn't work so well, here. this is probably a good thing, as those few shots they do show of space are depressingly silly. you will probably cry during those moments, especially upon seeing that swirling "space ship", which looks about three inches long.nothing is felt for any of the characters, not because they are convicts or have no personality, but because they are in serious need of acting lessons, except for billy dee williams who really does look depressed and at a loss, probably by being in this work...this is one of those movies that, when viewed with friends, is going to cause some extremely "loud" silences, especially when the nerd throws out his attempt at comic one-liners (including the line about french-kissing a meteor...? did i hear that right? perhaps not...)the original virtual reality girls get "killed", which means nothing, as they are not even real to begin with. well, the other "characters" aren't, either, but that's beside the point. haha.what's kind of funny is that the scene that graces the video case is some sort of skull-horror-alien looking thing (green filter added on top of that, to give it more of a...uh...green look), which is actually the android after he gets killed and ultimately has nothing to do with anything else afoot.another odd deal i noticed. whenever there is an explosion (at least on my cheap dvd copy), everything becomes highly pixelated. i don't mean a little pixelated, i mean huge blocks about 1/16th the size of the screen. wow.

it's interesting to see what shape pierce brosnan's career was in before bond arrived on the scene. in this "tense" thriller, pierce brosnan plays the gentle patrick, who works leading ghetto kids on "confidence courses". he romances a woman, who has a bog-standard mop-top mid-90s kid called eric. the woman's drunken ex-husband soon arrives on the scene and begins to mess with pierce.at one stage pierce is innocently making "vegeburgers". the husband enters. pierce resumes making vegeburgers. the husband then assaults pierce. little chunks of half-eaten vegeburger call fall from pierce's mouth. the fight abruptly ends without showing the outcome. this is as good as the film gets.

carry on matron was released in 1972 and it's becoming clear that the series has reached a natural end with the best entries like cleo , up the kyber and screaming being from the mid to late 60s in itself matron is by no means bad it's just that we've seen it all before with a thin plot ( a bunch of spivs trying to break into a hospital to steal a supply of contraceptive pills which they plan to sell to third world countries ) surrounded by gags of a slightly amusing though unsophisticated nature . i think that's where the problem lies - the gags aren't all that amusing with the unsophisticated nature starting to show its age . did we need another movie that uses a man dressed up as a woman in order to drive the plot ? perhaps the worst criticism i can make is that i saw carry on matron this afternoon , less that twelve hours ago and i have a problem in trying to remember a very funny line . that's a serious problem for a comedy

one of the weaker carry on adventures sees sid james as the head of a crime gang stealing contraceptive pills. the fourth of the series to be hospital-based, it's possibly the least of the genre. there's a curiously flat feel throughout, with all seemingly squandered on below-par material. this is far from the late-70s nadir, but williams, james, bresslaw, maynard et al. are all class performers yet not given the backing of a script equal to their ability.most of the gags are onrunning, rather than episodic as carry ons usually are. so that instead of the traditional hit and miss ratio, if you don't find the joke funny in the first place you're stuck with it for most of the film. these continuous plot strands include williams – for no good reason – worrying that he's changing sex, and kenneth cope in drag. like the stagy physical pratt falls, the whole thing feels more contrived than in other movies, and lacking in cast interest. continuing this theme, matron lacks the customary pun and innuendo format, largely opting for characterisation and consequence to provide the humour. in fact, the somewhat puerile series of laboured misunderstandings and forced circumstance reminds one more of terry and june ... so it's appropriate that terry scott is present, mugging futilely throughout.some dialogue exchanges have a bit of the old magic, such as this between scott and cope: "what about a little drink?" "oh, no, no, i never touch it." "oh. cigarette then?" "no, i never touch them." "that leaves only one thing to offer you." "i never touch that either." that said, while a funny man in his own right (livening up the duller episodes of randall and hopkirk (deceased) no end), you do feel that cope isn't quite tapped in to the self-parodying carry on idealology and that bernard bresslaw dressed as a nurse would be far funnier. this does actually happen, in part, though only for the last fifteen minutes.williams attempting to seduce hattie jacques while charles hawtrey is hiding in a cupboard is pure drawer room farce, but lacks the irony to carry it off. that said, williams's description of premarital relations is priceless: "you don't just go into the shop and buy enough for the whole room, you tear yourself off a little strip and try it first!" "that may be so," counters jacques, "but you're not going to stick me up against a wall." williams really comes to life in his scenes with hattie, and you can never get bored of hearing a tin whistle whenever someone accidentally flashes their knickers.carry on matron is not a bad film by any means, just a crushingly bog-standard one.

i have to be completely honest in saying first that i fell asleep somewhere in the middle, so i cannot give a full opinion about the film until i see it in full. basically, a group of thieves, including sid carter (sid james) and ernie bragg (bernard bresslaw), plan to make a fortune stealing a shipment of contraceptive pills from finisham maternity hospital. this is where title character matron (hattie jacques) works, along with staff members sir bernard cutting (kenneth williams), dr. francis goode (charles hawtrey), dr. prodd (terry scott) and nurse susan ball (barbara windsor). patients and their visitors are around too, including pregnant mrs. tidey (joan sims) and her nervous dad-to-be husband mr. tidey (kenneth connor). also starring bill maynard as freddy and eastenders' wendy richard as miss willing. this plan by the way is not working out by the way, because all the staff are getting in the way. that's pretty much all can say about the film until i see it again in full. okay!

if this is based on the true-life relationship, as purported, between ms. curtin and mr. levinson, i'm thrilled i do not know them personally. this is painfully slow, and both characters take stupid pills liberally throughout the movie while the theme song gets played into the ground. many stupid scenes with people acting stupid does not make for a comedy.

after seeing the trailer for this movie and finding out spike lee was directing, i was excited to hear about this event. i wasn't alive at the time, i didn't live in new york, so i expected more of a history lesson than anything. what i got was some interesting acting, a lot of sex, and about 30 minutes worth of film that actually had anything to do with the son of sam. i guess the film wasn't about the son of sam, but it was a peek into the summer of '77. label me disappointed.

spike lee has been in a decline since his early successes and this mess does nothing to help. i looked at my watch frequently hoping the movie would end or get to the point. lee's first movie with an all-white cast is a major disappointment.what's the point? that italians swear and like funky sex, but not with their wives? if i wanted to see scorsese, i'd go to a scorsese movie. the incredibly lame godfather character only adds to the stereotype.i've admired several of lee's films, especially "do the right thing". this movie is a waste of time.

john leguizemo, a wonderful comic actor, is a new york latino, able to get inside a myriad of characters, both male and female, to show the bizarre foibles of an ethnic group trying to cope in an alien culture. he is not, however, italian. he doesn't look, think or behave italian...especially sicilian or calabrese, immigrant groups who live in bensonhurst or bayridge brooklyn. every scene in which he interacts with his "gumbas" rings false, as though he'd wandered in from a college production of "west side story" while the other guys were doing a low-rent "mean streets". that's only one problem with this ill-conceived, mean-spirited flick. spike blew this one big time. btw, cbgbomfug means "country, bluegrass, blues and other music for uplifting gourmets [or possibly gourmands] ask hilly crystal who founded the club. 

spike lee has to be one of the most over rated directors i have ever seen. he is the critic's darling because he supposedly makes films with a "message" or he is just so bohemian in his approach that it makes critics that are waterlogged from formula hollywood films eat his stuff up just for being different.summer of sam does not even do that well. the cinematography and editing style is oliver stone, and so is the narrative. the plot is a lot like "do the right thing". the portrayal of "guidos" or for the pc set italian-americans (of which i happen to be one) is straight out of eddie murphy's raw. only eddie murphy's impression of a macho italian guy picking a fight with a much taller african-american is much, much more believable than the cartoonish, broad italian caricatures shown here (the john leguizamo character being a possible exception).is there anybody who saw this movie that could not figure out how it was going to end up? as soon as richie came into the film i could already see the fist in his face and the foot in his stomach, i could already see him being accused of being the killer. this character had the most integrity in the whole film so, of course, lee is going to show what happens to people that stand out in a crowd (what a white bearded clique!)someone please, please give spike lee a lifetime pass to all the basketball games he wants. so, maybe he will be enjoying himself too much to pick up a film camera for a long time and we won't have to be subjected to his self important drivel and furthermore i won't have to see critics (some of them whom i respect) ohhhh and ahhhh to an emperor with no clothes.

most definitely the worst columbo ever dreamt up. no murder and the abandonment of the tried and tested formula makes this a real drag. falk looks bored throughout and so will you be if you waste anytime watching this.

an uninspired and undistinguished "new" columbo which sees the man-in-the-mac attend his nephew's wedding, only for his bride to disappear on their wedding night. columbo investigates...and that it is about it: indifferently plotted and surprisingly laden with a flat script, given that it is written by robert van scoyk, who penned the highly enjoyable columbo story "murder under glass" in the detective's heyday; there is not even a murder to speak of and the greatest amount of ingenuity afforded to columbo by the script-writer is the narrowing down of suspects via the photos taken at the wedding, which include everybody who was there!devoid of every columbo trait possible, i thought i was watching an episode of hill street blues. an insult to the history of the series, with appropriately soap-opera style acting. very avoidable stuff.

absolute garbage. the reason that this is so terrible is not because it deviated from the formula, but because the plot was just pathetic. the supposed star didn't do anything to solve the case - and neither did anyone else really - it was just routine police work. utterly tedious.you sat right till the end hoping for a twist - and got nothing but a huge sense of disappointment. there was so much potential in having a relative in apparent kidnap. could the lt's personal involvement finally cloud his judgement? all the obvious signs were of a stranger doing it. but surely a genius like lt c, by constant conversation with the wronged husband, would gradually uncover a fiendish plot involving a tape recorder playing in the shower room while a masked groom surprises the bride, hides the body and then plants subtle clues. it could have been good. it was a complete waste of time.

loyalty to peter falk is all that kept me from giving this awful picture the (1) it deserved. (for that matter, loyalty to mr. falk was what kept me watching this film all the way from heads to tails.) even if you forgive all the glaring errors, this was just plain the poorest excuse for a made-for-tv "columbo" film ever. i'm glad i watched it on tv for free; would have hated to have coughed up the bucks for a print.

this is your only spoiler warning. what a sad state of our cinema when unprofessional junk like this is considered "oscar worthy".i divide material into three levels. the first is the stage theatre. here the viewer is stagnant and the power rests in the presentation of the actor and, most importantly, in the power of the writer. a good playwright is better than a good screenwriter because he or she knows the ways of words better. the best playwrights know how to create imagery that the barren stage cannot show.the second level is film. in this medium, a weaker writer can be used, but the viewer is not sitting in one spot the entire time. with film, the context can take the qualities of visual poetry and meaning in addition to strong writing. furthermore, film can manipulate everday elements like sound and color in ways that are almost surreal.the final level is literature. in this context, everything is imagined by the author, translated onto paper, and then re-imagined by the reader. far more detail can go into a novel than is conceivable for a film studio.this is why adaptations can go up, but never down. novelizations are never better than the base film (see the dime-per-dozen ones at your local book store), whereas the film cannot convey the same power as the original book (catch-22 and lotr). movies can rarely be made into plays and plays can always be made into movies.as for 'the last picture show', it fails. it is a film that should stick to the stage because the director is too stupid to shoot anything right. the characters talk the same and act the same, it's pure futility. add to that an obnoxious soundtrack and you have an entirely unwatchable film.i saw this in my high school drama class with about 20 other wannabe thespians. the instructor raved about how sad the movie was. what is sad is how such stagnant work is considered depressing when the material itself is hilarious. had this been in color the scenes of impotence, the pool party, and the old hooker would be considered great comedy. look what lucas did with 'american graffiti' a few years later.the american secondary education system needs to start teaching about film rather than trying to teach with film. two visually powerful downbeat films: apocalypse now and barry lyndon. rely on them, not this. it's the 'last' i want to see of it. 1 out of 5.

after hearing raves about this movie for years, i finally decided to rent it and watch. let me start by saying that i'm glad that the rental was free from the local library. this move was slow, boring, unrealistic and the plot made no sense. after 2 hours, i was ready to nuke that backwater texas town and put the group of those characters out of their misery. i realize that taste is subjective, but believe me, i just do not understand all of the hype that i have heard about this movie. dallas provided as good a detail of the life in texas as this movie. rent it only if you want to understand how movie studios can pay enough money to reviewers to convince the general public that a bad movie is good.

for getting so many positive reviews, this movie really disappointed me! it is slow moving and long. at times the story is not clear, particularly in the evolving relationships among characters. my advice? read the book, it's a fabulous story which loses it's impact on screen.

black and white film. good photography. believable characters. just awful.i have wasted another perfect evening watching a film that other rated as "worthy" and "very good." there is some good acting here and the back ground setting for the plot is good (more should have been done with this) but it is very slow to grow and never develops. it is totally bases on sex without much romance with much un needed nudity. more could have been done with the main characters. if you are looking for something to watch with you family this in not the movie and if not you will have trouble sitting through it. though this film is long its only about 1 inch deep!

i gave this movie a very fair chance, and it betrayed me. this is very little more than a black and white excuse to bore the hell out of the audience even as the egotist bogdanavich (who did way better with targets) gets "great performances" out of a ton of hams in their debuts. lots of teenage sex clichés come out of this movie, such as doing the teacher's wife, impotence, doing the ugly prostitute(which is very awkwardly shot and grinds things to a complete halt, not that things were really going anywhere anyway) and skinny dipping.i suppose this movie is supposed to be funny because of all the sex nonsense, to me, it was just annoying. i was seriously much more entertained by cleaning my finger nails than watching this mess.

i love columbo and have seen pretty much all of the episodes but this one undoubtedly ranks as the worst of the lot. a mind-bogglingly tedious, pointless, muddled pile of unwatchable drivel that wastes both the time of the viewing audience and of the acting talents of an exceedingly bored-looking peter falk. the 'plot', such as it is, just seems to be made up as the film goes along with not even the slightest hint of the ingredients to the formula that made the show such a brilliant success to start with. one part of the proceedings which i found extremely puzzling ( or possibly annoying ) was peter falk's character being introduced to the guests at the wedding as 'lt' columbo. if the producers insist on keeping columbo's first name a secret, why couldn't they have omitted this line altogether as it sounds ridiculous? like i said, this is the pits and all true columbo fans would do well to avoid it like the plague.

a boring movie about a boring town in the 50's. how can anyone think this is a classic? the producer pretty much ended his career by pushing his girlfriend, cybil shepard, into several movies that were way above her acting ability. i think this movie gives an insight to how bad peter bogdonovitch's future movies were going to be. cybil shepard's career took a dive after being in several movies that peter bogdonovich produced. it wasn't until "moonlighting" that her career started to come back. i thought the acting was poor rendition of the, "graduate". i have noticed that this movie hasn't been shown in the us. the only place i have watched it was overseas in europe late at night.

i'm not going to comb over tlps's obvious peterbogdanovichian flaws. instead, i shall take a look at the positive aspects of this overrated celluloid pygmy of a film.1. peter bogdanovich managed to make a movie that can be endured in its entirety. this fact alone places the movie high up above and all the way up to the top of his lame filmography.2. bogdanovich had shown how amazingly generous some lucky boyfriends can be, by sharing cybill shepherd's (his then-gal) fabulous body and breasts with his male audience - and not just on one but on two occasions. brava! the unquestionable highlights of this cinematic festa del siesta.3. tlps has barely a scene without stereotypical country music doodling in the background. (peter tried to make the obvious point that the movie is set in america's deep south (as if it weren't bleedin' obvious) so he hammered that point on and on and on...) how is this an advantage, you might ask? well, when the movie finally ends and the monotonous country music finally ceases massaging your tired ear-drums, you start experiencing a strange exhilaration: "the movie's finally over!" it's pure joy.4. the movie gives all women who look like cloris leachman hope. hope that they, too, may one day snatch a much younger and maybe even good-looking boyfriend.5. cloris leachman's biography (which i realize isn't technically a part of tlps) gives hope to all women that look like that, that they too may one day win a miss chicago beauty pageant. (provided they have enough money to bribe the jury with.)(you think i'm joking abut cloris having won a beauty pageant, huh? well, check out her bio and then we'll see who laughs last...) 6. the movie was shot in black and white which spared us the sight of cloris leachman's face in its original, natural non-glory.

the script for this columbo film seemed to be pulled right out of a sappy 1980's soap opera. deeply character-driven films are great, but only if the characters are compelling. and in this film the only thing compelling was my desire to change the channel. the villain's dialog sounds as if it were written by a romance novelist. the great lt. columbo himself is no where near his famous, lovable, self-effacing, crumpled self; and the bride/kidnap victim is a whimpering, one-dimensional damsel-in-distress (she cowers in fear from a tiny scalpel held flimsily in the hand of her abductor - come on!!! i could have knocked the scalpel out of his hand and kicked him in the you-know-what in 2 seconds). in any sense of reality, this character would have at least tried to struggle or fight back at least a little. and speaking of reality....the story revolves around a kidnapping which is worked and solved by the police. the police?? give me a break. everyone knows the fbi takes over every kidnapping case. this was no columbo, just a shallow and totally predictable crime drama with our familiar lt. columbo written in and stretched to 2 hours.

seriously what were they thinking? over the course of years the columbo series has tried out some new things and diverted away from the usual successful formula but this movie really overdoes it. this movie is basically very different from any other columbo movie but the differences are not for the good of the movie.main thing that of course makes this movie different from any other columbo movie is the fact that there is no murder being committed. the entire premise of this movie is totally different and it places the columbo character in a totally different environment and situation. also the overall is just totally different and more 'modernized'.director alan j. levi did some other columbo movies in the past, which all very much sticked to the usual formula. it also makes it an odd choice that he got picked to direct this movie.the columbo character himself also feels quite different, perhaps because of the reason that he gets placed in a totally different environment and situation, when he helps out his nephew after his bride disappeared right after the wedding. the absence of some good relieving and trademark columbo humor also doesn't exactly make this a good or enjoyable watch.in all honesty, the movie doesn't begin too bad but the movie starts to become more and more ridicules with its story as it progresses. it's such a stupid written kidnap-thriller with a story that starts to become more and more unlikely. it also makes the movie more and more unwatchable. this is a very little interesting columbo entry that also really doesn't know to entertain its viewers in any way.it also doesn't help much that the supporting actors aren't the most talented ones around. despite the fact that his character is put in such a totally different situation and the movie is shot in such a completely different style, peter falk still holds up well and his presence still somewhat saves this movie. can you just imaging how this movie would had been without him? it would had been an extremely bad and ridicules cheap movie i can tell you.an odd columbo entry, which could be described as a failed experiment to divert from the usual formula.4/10

whenever a columbo story deviates from the familiar plot (colorful killer commits crime, columbo smokes out killer, columbo becomes a pest in the process), the writers somehow are never able to match the quality and interest of most traditional episodes. this episode deviates in the extreme, and the result is a major flop. would you believe: columbo never faces the villain till the very end?!!frankly, i was tempted to turn it off about two-thirds through. oh, the sacrifices we self-appointed reviewers make!!!

this should not have been listed as a colombo because in my opinion it does not resemble any of the other colombo ever made. this should have been listed as a movie starring peter falk and not playing the caracter of colombo because it does not do justice at all to our great lieutenant colombo.

i agree with most of the columbo fans that this movie was an unnecessary change of format. columbo is a unique cop with unorthodox police methods. this movie looks like a remake of any other ordinary detective dramas from the past. and that is the disturbing point, because columbo is no ordinary detective.there are two parts in this film that left me intriguing. first, i can't figure out the title of this movie. it is misleading. maybe a better title would've been "the vanishing bride" or something similar. second, columbo hides a piece of evidence without offering the reason (to the viewers at least) why he does it.i don't feel betrayed, just disappointed. i'm glad peter falk went back to the usual columbo.

the major fault in this film is that it is impossible to believe any of these people would ever be cast in a professional production of macbeth. hearing david lansbury's soft voice struggling laboriously with the famous "tomorrow, tomorrow, and tomorrow" speech made it impossible to believe anyone would ever consider him for the role. i kept believing therefore that he didn't get the part because he was a lousy actor; not because a bigger name was available. then when we see portions of the play in rehearsal it is difficult to believe the director is not parodying things with a hopelessly miscast, misdirected travesty of actors who are unable to articulate or even understand the verse and directors who see the play through their own screwball interpretations. sometimes directors are so anxious to have their films done (and writers think they have the ability to direct their own works)that they settle for less. this appears to be such an example.

the majority of stephen king's short stories are little gems, with original ideas that don't take a long time to develop; basically lean and mean--he sets them up quickly in a scarce number of pages, you read 'em, and you're finished before you know you've begun. they're like the equivalent of a carton of mcdonald's fries--they taste really good and you know there's not much nutritional value in them (re: from a literary standpoint, they don't say much about the universal human condition), but you're still gonna scarf 'em down, just don't be a pig and go for the extra-super-sized portion and fill up on too much grease ("too much grease" is a metaphor for the prose in king's novels when find yourself reading one of them and saying come on--enough with the pop-cultural observations or clever yankee asides--get on with the story already!) he has compiled four books of short story collections. i've read them all--from nightshift to the latest, everything's eventual, and they all display an efficiency of getting-to-the-point which is sometimes sorely lacking in his tome-sized novels.but his short stories never overstay their welcome...which brings us to the tv adaptations of nightmares and dreamscapes...how in the hell did they (the series' producers) get a green-light to turn stories that usually averaged 15 pages into 50 minute episodes? i'll tell you how--two words--"stephen king." stories with his name on them probably didn't come cheap, and one hour shows enable more advertising than half hour ones, so...what should have been an anthology of mostly 23 or 24 minute episodes is turned into double that length, and double the commercial time...ka-ching!i'm not going to waste time synopsizing the plots of these stories--this review supposes you have already read the stories and/or seen the show; what follows is merely my gut reactions to what tnt presented... of the four installments so far, here's my ten cent assessment (from first to worst): battleground-- not a classic by any means, but hey, how could anyone argue with keeping william hurt from opening his trap by filming this episode without a single line of dialog? and the tongue-in-cheek reference and destruction of the killer zuni doll from trilogy of terror proved to me the producers (and the writer of the teleplay, who is richard matheson's son--the writer of tot) knew their mission with this one was to make the action deadly, yet at the same time, fun. it took longer to get to hurt's apartment than it should have, but i think it fulfilled it's objective. 8/10umney's last case-- liked this one primarily because of william h. macy's performance. i think the writer/umney should have appeared in the story sooner into the private eye/umney beginning because he was the actual reality of the story, and anyone familiar with the king short story (probably half, if not more of the audience) knew the chandleresque set-up was due to get interrupted by the writer's reality, so let's get on with it already, and cut-out the cute and clever hard-boiled repartee' private dick banter already. once the writer/umney's family tragedy began to reveal though, i thought the show developed an emotional connection that made the viewer (me, at least), feel sympathy for the real-life macy's attempt to escape his sorrows by usurping his fictional creation's exciting life. 6/10 the end of the whole mess-- uh, this title is how i felt about this episode when it was over. after twenty minutes, i was ready to scream at the tv--ok, we get it already, the younger brother is a mega mensa genius prodigy extraordinaire! we know from ron livingston talking to the camera ("time is running out for me"--not fast enough, i thought) that the young whiz kid is going to discover something really bad for humanity--we know this because he's already built an airplane but almost died because he couldn't steer it out of the path of a tree; and, he blew up his chemistry lab while teaching himself chemistry (to think the end of the world could have been prevented if only this kid had some more parental supervision). so much time was wasted on establishing the uber-genius of henry thomas, when we finally get to the resolution of his discovery--the end of the world through unintended idiocy--how much do we get to see of the world "ending?"--a cheap video shot of a reporter starting to forget what she's reporting on, and brief radio broadcasts announcing the day of judgement is at hand. oh, and the brother's parents drooling and singing old songs. my point is, if your story is really about the "end of the whole mess (world)", i wanna see the "mess" as it goes up in flames and crashes and burns. talk about ending with a whimper, indeed. 2/10 crouch end-- this episode just ticked me off totally. i could have lived with the taking-forever exposition of the happy couple arriving at their hotel, playing slap-and-tickle, having lunch, and getting a taxi (that was half the episode right there), if once they finally crossed-over into crouch end the episode delivered the chills, but it failed miserabley. not only wasn't it scary, it was practically laughable. ooh, look--a kitty...wait, it turns...oh my god! look at it's scary eye! uh-huh. they could have gone a long way towards filming the crouch end sequence at night instead of in daylight, too. things you might unintentionally find funny can become scarier when you see them in the night shadows. but i guess the budget wasn't high enough to shoot at night on the fake london sets they slapped together for this one. on the page, this is a very scary story about tourists wandering into places they shouldn't and the terrible things that might lurk just around a corner there. the only terror in this adaptation was the directing and acting--those were truly horrifying. 1/10 overall series average (so far): 4/10

this film was basically velvet goldmine if the writers of party of five got a hold of it and made it a t.v. movie. the film lacks what velvet goldmine had which was good acting, writing, and basically everything else. the film had some of the worst writing i've seen since wild wild west. it definitely needed to be interesting. i know vh 1 has become a household name for their behind the music shows. which are a lot better than all this which would have worked if it was a behind the music episode but didn't and feel flat on it's face.

serge farnel made a very precise critics of this film in the revue "the rwandese night" (www.lanuitrwandaise.net)a critics which shows how france was behind all the situation undergone by the united nations in rwanda.the un soldiers were in a dangerous situation while the french soldiers were warmly welcomed by the genocide forces.the day before, ten un soldiers had been killed by the genocide forces.that is why the un soldiers decided to protect their own lives by driving behind the french trucks.by doing so, they gave up the tutsi which is unforgivable of course.but we must keep in mind that the french soldiers organized this situation.

this movie is told through the eyes of a young teacher at a catholic school, watching as the rawandan genocide un-furls around him.the movie starts off with a brief explanation about the past history and rivalry of rawanda. then it jumps to the story as told through the eyes of a young idealistic "new-comer" a young teacher who doesn't take life or the situation too seriously. as he and the driver approach a road-block he plays around with his drivers i.d. not realizing that this is a serious moment and that if the driver can't identify himself as being of the right tribe to the soldiers they'll be killed. and thats how he treats the unfolding story of chaos and unfolding around him. suddenly realizes that every rawandan (including his driver) is involved and that the europeans soldiers and tourists cannot and will not help. the media cameras cannot stop machete's, and there's too many machete wielding militia-men too shoot. the title comes from the armies captain saying he's going to shoot the dogs eating the dead-bodies around his compound, but won't shoot the militia-men that are killing people around the compound. mainly because they haven't fired at the soldiers yet. finally he realizes the hopelessness of the situation and the guy who tells the evacuation team that he wants to give up his seat for one of the intended victims, flees with his tail in-between his legs, rather than face immanent death with the school kids he's promised not to leave behind.it's more of character study, and a come to jesus moment for one character, than a story about the genocide in "rawanda". this movie didn't have to take place in rawanda, it could have taken place any one of the genocidal hell holes going around this world at any given time.

i thoroughly enjoyed a man called horse when it was released in 1970, but return played like a typical sequel. everything about it -- budget, script, plot, casting, and acting -- was inferior to the original. gale sondergaard as elk woman, an elder of the yellow hand tribe, looks nothing like an indian, and neither do half of the other "indians," who were played by italians, mexicans, and latinos with cheap wigs. and the old guy who played the chief acted more like a fat old squaw than a fierce leader of warriors. he even used the bow like a woman! finally, richard harris, who did such a superb job in the original, seems to be coasting this time around. i guess he couldn't resist the easy paycheck he got for reprising his role as horse.to be fair, there are some interesting moments in the movie, such as horse's undergoing a painful purification ritual to "find his vision" and rally the yellow hands against their indian enemies and white oppressors, but on the whole, return is uneven, boring, corny, and predictable -- just like most sequels.

while exploring some caves with his wife, a doctor is bitten by a bat which causes some alarming side effects...occasionally creepy atmosphere and some decent (though under used) makeup effects don't save this b horror flick from being a sub-par tale of man-becomes-creature. the bat people aka it lives by night suffers from its senseless story that's awkwardly plotted and lackluster in pacing. the plot never seems to go anywhere much and the movie never offers an explanation for what happens, or even a satisfying conclusion for it all. the cast is fairly mediocre in their performances.still i give the film some points for its haunting theme song and nice filming locations. the makeup work of the late stan winston is pretty good too, but it doesn't get much of a showcase here. a missed opportunity for sure. definitely one of the lesser man-creature flicks out there.* 1/2 out of ****

unless the title is supposed to be some kind of spoiler for the wife's transformation (the fiends! ruining it for us). anycase, if this movie wasn't made-for-tv, it should have been, it's so remarkably low-budget, underscripted, underacted, and hits every 70's cliche except disco. nobody is likeable, and you could careless what happens to anyone in this one. eminently forgetable except for the bad, bad performances.

really, the use of stock nature documentary of swarming bats employed by the bat people is some of the most effective ever. there are shots of teeming bats hanging from the ceilings of caves, swarming bats flying out of caves or swirling about near the mouths of caves. that alone is enough to be unsettling: imagine all of them swarming after you? and they do indeed swarm in what should have been a show-stopper sequence that happened at about the forty minute mark, a downright inappropriately hilarious sequence where a teeming swarm of bats seem to attack a police car, splattering across the windshield like bloody broken eggs. the problem is that this sequence happens about fifty minutes too late to save the film, most of which consists of one or more people running around, screaming, waving their arms about at jabbering excitedly about some poor goofball who managed to get bitten by a bat during his vacation.the fear is that he is coming down with rabies, which does indeed suck, so their vacation is ruined, as the plot synopsis on the top of the bat people's reference page does indeed point out. so here is an effective summary of the movie: a young couple goes on a romantic getaway which is ruined when the guy is bitten by a bat. they bravely try to stick it out but he starts raving, trying to convince those around him that it's a bit more involved than rabies, that he can't control himself, and they everyone should keep away.now, when some one is frothing at the mouth, covered with sweat, eyes boggling about like one of the cheaper muppets and screaming at you to get away from me, you get away from him. you don't try to give him drugs, you don't try to tell him you love him, you give the guy his space, go home, and try that scenic getaway next year.but no, the people in this movie all behave like morons, insist on pushing the guy to his brink, and he flips out, mutates into a part man part bat type creature, and kills a bunch of non-essential secondary characters. nothing wrong with that, but the movie forgets that it's a low budget creature feature and tries to be some sort of psychological study. instead of a monster movie, we get lots of people running around trying to get this guy to take a chill pill, and eventually he runs off into the hills looking very much more human than he should have, people insist on trying to chase him down and pay the expected price.the main thing wrong with the movie is that this should have happened in the first fifteen or twenty minutes, thirty tops, and the movie should have been about the guy after he had turned into a bat person, rather than about the journey there. it takes a good eighty minutes to really pick up steam on that front, with some interesting character sketches along the way involving the always entertaining michael pataki as a small town cop who's lost his moral edge, and the late paul carr as a physician friend who doesn't quite get the message.the movie is dreadfully boring, about fifteen minutes too long and missed the opportunity to be a nice, forgettable little creature feature about a mutant run amok like the italian horror favorite ratman, which i watched today and was sadly inspired to try this one after seeing. me and my bright ideas, though the scene with the cop car was a howler: too bad we couldn't have had another twenty minutes of that.3/10

the movie is just as fun as staring at the sun.sheriff pataki is a total retard that loves nothing better to do than sit on his fat rear making a smoke ring from his puffy cigars and drinking booze while the doctor acts like a zombie version of nicholas cage sucking up all that so called "blood" which in reality seemed like fruit punch.most of all the plotting seemed very horrid to even call this piece of crap a movie.the rest of the characters in this movie are total wastes of time, the ending was awful, the outlines were cheesy, and the scenes were terrible. what else more should i say to you viewers out there? my advice would be to get your rabies shot if you've already watched the movie. this movie may give you the foam in the mouth if you didn't get your up-to-date shots.

a man wakes from a nightmare about bats. he and his wife go out into the desert for a picnic on their honeymoon. he seems to hear a strange noise, and she is disturbed by the sight of a bat crawling across their picnic blanket. he wants to go on a tour of a cave, which has something to do with some kind of work he is doing, but she wants to enjoy their honeymoon. she relents. they go on the tour, but leave the group to make out. she falls down a slope, where she is disturbed by insects. he follows her. he hears the strange noise again, and seems to know a bat is approaching; one does, and gets in her hair. he fights it off her, and it attacks him, biting his forehead.they get out of the cave, but when they are in a gondola at a ski resort, he starts having seizures in which he has hallucinations or visions of bats attacking people. he becomes angry when this happens. he's unable to drink alcohol without spitting it out. his wife worries about rabies, and he starts a pasteur treatment for that, but reacts violently to the injection.and then some people are killed. we see parts of the man's transformation into a bat person. it seems it is not just in his mind. whether the bat bite causes these transformations is not clear, since he already was having some symptoms prior to the bite.while the title seems inappropriate, the implication at the end is that the same thing is happening to another person. not a very good movie, but i liked the variety of the desert, cave, and ski-slope locations, and some of the weirder scenes. i didn't think this was as bad as other people do, and i didn't think the 1999 movie bats was as bad as others think either (i rated that one a 5/10).

this movie promised bat people. it didn't deliver. there was a guy who got bit by a bat, but what was with the seizures? and the stupid transformation? where was the plot? where was the acting? who came up with the idea to make this? why was it allowed to be made? why? why? i guess we'll never know.

ok,so.....guy gets bitten by a bat and then turns into a bat (well,sorta). i can only assume this made sense to someone at the time! aren't bats supposed to fly, use radar, and eat bugs instead of attacking humans tho?

stewart moss stars as a scientist who is on a working trip with his wife, and one gets the feeling that he was picked for this role for his ability to roll his eyes back in his head...imagine the auditions for this.."can you...no, that's not quite it, thank you, next!". anyway, he's bitten by a bat, and then, he's either changing into some kind of bat creature and killing people or....he's not. for no one else sees his strange transformations, but he himself seems to think that he's changing because his wedding ring pops off when his hands turn into claws, etc. to its credit the movie does kind of hold back on whether he's just nuts or whether he's actually transforming into something until almost the very end. this has some good locations & sort of a decent atmosphere at times but unfortunately none of that can make up for the somewhat lame story and the wonderfully bad acting. kind of fun in a "so bad it's good" way, but leans more towards just plain bad. 4 out of 10.

"the bat people" is a proud resident of the imdb bottom 100. every once and a while the movie suddenly vanishes from the infamous list, depending on whether there are new movies with paris hilton in the lead or documentaries about american idol stars, but it always reliably returns sooner or later. and why? because, unlike the majority of crap in that list, "the bat people" is a legitimate bad film and it deserves to be on there regardless of any media influences or internet buzz! this nearly isn't the worst film ever made, since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity, but it's still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing. the script is incredibly boring, with absolutely unnecessary padding footage and gigantic gaps in continuity, and yet the main characters still remain total strangers throughout the entire film. other than a sensible screenplay, the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and the make-up effects – although courtesy of a young stan winston – are ludicrously inept and remain largely unseen until the end of the film. the film's title is inaccurate, as "people" refers to a number in plural whereas the story actually just revolves on one bat person. much more than bruce wayne, the real batman plays in this movie and he as well has a genuine bat-cave and a bat-mobile (a stolen ambulance)! the plot introduces a young couple on their honeymoon-weekend exploring caves. they wander off from a guided tour group and he gets bitten by a bat whilst trying to protect his wife from the animal's vicious attack. worried that he might be infected with rabies, he undergoes an intense treatment at the local hospital, but still this doesn't prevent him from slowly transforming into a bloodthirsty bat creature. he kills random people at night and toys around with the suspicious police sergeant whilst his loving wife is still vastly convinced the awkward behavior is exclusively due to allergic reactions to the rabies treatment. sure, honey! the script never explains why a bat would attack people and how come john always changes back into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat-guano. so basically, "the bat people" is a variation on the good old werewolf-theme, but obviously not a very interesting one. the concept showed a lot of potential, but somehow the sub plots center on whiny drunks and perverted sheriffs instead of on ghastly monsters. some of the settings and exterior filming locations look impressive, the misfit song playing during the credits is strangely catchy, there's a nice bit of gore during the climax (finally!) and main actress marianne mcandrew is ravishing to look at (though not to listen to). this truly bad and boring film's current listing in the bottom 100 is spot number 80, and personally i hope it sticks somewhere in that region. the list simply wouldn't feel and traditional without "the bat people".

or maybe that's what it feels like. anyway, "the bat people" is about as flat as a rug, bland as a sack of flour and as exciting as a rock...and as intelligent as all three combined.okay, plot in a nutshell (fitting vessel, that...): a doctor (moss) gets bitten by a bat while checking out a cave with his wife (mcandrew) and subsequently turns into a bat - well, not exactly a bat but a bat-like creature that looks more like a werewolf who kills his victims in a first-person camera viewpoint....but then there's the business of the sheriff (pataki), who is about the worst kind of sheriff: the hick kind. he hassles people, he leers at married women, he steals handkerchiefs from haberdasheries (the fiend!), he smokes with one of those cigarette holders in his mouth and talks at the same time, making him look and sound like buford t. justice in "smokey and the bandit" and (this is the worst part)... he's the most likeable character in the whole film!the whole film, though, is just tv movie-of-the-week-like crapola (guano, in this case). it's an aip, for crying out loud! what did you expect, oscar caliber stuff?and what else can you say about a film that not even mst3k can save?how about...no stars for "the bat people", full version or mst3k version!by the way, if there's ever a sequel for this movie, i'm burying my tv.

i saw this movie on mystery science theater when it was called "it lives by night". that title is much less misleading than "batpeople". in fact it would more accurately be called batperson. this movie is about a doctor who studies bats i am thinking because he wants to make a better cure for rabies. this is not really clear. what is clear is that he and his wife take a tour of a cave and he gets bitten by a bat. why a scientist needs to take a tour to study bats is beyond me. shouldn't he be able to go in by himself. well after being bitten he and his wife go on their honeymoon where he starts having fits. they go to the worst doctor ever. the guy stays in the hospital and kills a nurse. in the end the guy kills 3-4 people and his wife stands by him and you are supposed to be rooting for him instead of the sheriff investigating the murders.

watching it lives by night makes you wonder, just who in the world greenlit this crap. a newlywed couple go spelunking on their honeymoon, get attacked by bats and the husband starts to run around in his pajamas attacking various people. and where exactly are they? they're in the desert, then they're skiing, then they're in a small town that looks like it has mountains nearby. the town is run by a sheriff who likes to watch and has a personal vendetta against whiny doctor boy. the ski hospital is run by a really groovy guy with a nice thick mustache and the wife looks like mary tyler moore or marilyn quayle. there's no dramatic tension and the ending will leave you filled with anger. special effects and makeup guru stan winston did the effects for this movie. i guess you have to start somewhere.

after being bitten by a bat in a cave,a doctor named john beck undergoes an accelerating transformation into a man-bat creature.his wife assures him that there's nothing wrong with him,it's all just due to rabies or the anti-rabies drugs he's taking.the local cop thinks that john is responsible for several gruesome murders."the bat people" by jerry jameson is one hell of a horrible film.the script is deadly dull and there is no gore nor nudity.this pointless piece of crap is so mind-numbingly boring that you'll scratch your head in a total disbelief after suffering through it.even the design of a man-bat creature by a young stan winston is completely pathetic and unmemorable.avoid this stinker like the plague.2 out of 10.

i had the distinct displeasure of seeing this movie at the 2006 vancouver international film festival. i have been attending this festival for over 5 years, and i have certainly seen some poor movies on occasion. however, 'first bite' has reached a brand new low in film. in spite of being shot in beautiful locations, with the occasional, exquisite close up of fabulous food, the movie contorts an excessive number of plot twists and stilted characters until i was practically begging for it to end.the lead actor, david la haye, completely failed to show any character development throughout the movie, portraying a pompous chef from beginning to end. additional sub-plots, such as eating disorders, were developed so poorly and completely did not fit within any context that the movie had shown up to that point.a theme of mysticism was used as a poor attempt to conceal a movie that achieves nothing, goes nowhere, and completely disappoints.

i just saw this at the 2006 vancouver international film festival. the synopsis in the festival guide sounded pretty good so we decided to check this one out. i'm sorry to say i was very disappointed.besides being poorly written, it was boring. i won't take away from the actors as there is not much they could do with this bad script.first bite was cliché without being ironic, over the top seriousness without being funny. the movie would have been better had hunt hoe went with a campy horror feel. instead he took himself to seriously and this resulted with a boring film. i can't recommend this film. it felt too long and all in all just plain weak.

this film is so bad i can't believe it was actually shot. people who voted 10 or 9, 8 and even 7, are you insane? did we really watch the same movie? or the same sh** should i say. everything is bad in this film. the story (is there a story?) is going nowhere, completely incoherent, the acting (some dialogs are simply just ridiculous), the music score (what the **** is that?), the editing, and especially the artistic direction, a pure disaster. reminds me the old macist movies... to give you an example of the amateurism of the production, the mermaid's costume is a sleeping bag with spangles sticked on it. i'm not joking, that's exactly what it is.another example of the enormous mistakes we find here: you see in a scene an extra, a fat woman of about 200 pounds, who's talking on her cell phone. the next shot, which is in a complete different location, you can see this same woman, still talking on her cell phone (!) yes, it goes that far. a big, huge, waste of money. useless.

1st watched 11/7/2002 - 2 out of 10(dir-john bianco): pretty lame gangster movie about a godfather-like family in brooklyn who like to say four-letter words a lot and kill people. the only thing of interest here was their attempt to show the feds being a lot like the gang. this is the only attempt at good film-making. the rest of the movie was predictable, and cheaply-made. the quality of the photography on some of the scenes inside bars and floozy joints almost made you think there was a problem with your dvd player because of the bad contrasts and some of the actors were hard to hear at times because of the bad sound. the acting was pretty-much characatures of all your favorite gangsters from better movies with corny names like vinnie `knuckles' and jimmie `tattoos', and the plot pretty much followed those patterns as well. so, go see a better gangster movie before you put your money out for this one.

this movie was a confusing piece of garbage. you never knew what was going on. the characters were poorly written and for the most part they were totally unsympathetic except for gus (played masterfully by george eads). i hate this movie but compared to others (dark harvest, dracula's curse) it should have won an academy award. it was particularly sad to see a talented actor like george eads in such a disgraceful and tacky film. lifetime you have sunken to whole new low. someone needs to make sure that this director never works in movies again. also was this supposed to be a horror film because it was a lot more funny than scary. for shame lifetime, for shame.

did i miss something here? this "adaptation" has everything that brookmyres first novel had. everything apart from the story, the laughs, the black humour, the political intrigue, the characterisations, the plot, and some semblance of sense.spoilers;godamnawful, from beginning to end. they made a mockery of the plot, they had a romance between parablane and a cop, and what was that all about, dr slaughter was portrayed as a bystander, and who the hell was annette crosby supposed to be?it looked like they had made a three hour adaptation, then chopped it down to 90 minutes. (even though the 90 minutes seemed to last forever.) please, please, do not do this to any other of brookmyres books, (especially "country of the blind.)

what an absolute pile of pants. having read chris brookmyre's books religiously since i came across "quite ugly...", i was delighted to find out that this drama had been commissioned.i obviously had too much faith. nesbitt is probably the best thing in this show - and even he doesn't quite fit. how anyone can read the book, and then adapt it to this piece of dross is beyond me.entire characters are changed, situations are dropped, and to see parlablane's dramatic break-in reduced to nesbitt doing a quick chin up and sliding open a bay window... it brought tears to my eyes.i dread to think what's going to happen with "country of the blind" if this is the benchmark...please, just avoid it...

if you want an undemanding and reasonably amusing hour or so, then it's ok to watch this. it's not all that bad, really. yeah, it's got more lapses in logic than i care to describe here and might tax the patience of people - like myself, i have to admit - who are inclined to throw things at the tv on occasion, but it's funny at least. just because it's not always intentionally funny, there's no need to let that get you down.however, if you've read the book - or any of the other books by brookmyre - then you'd probably best avoid it. i've read them all and when i first watched this film, i despised it. i've trashed it in detail and at great length on another site, in fact. the tv plot bears practically no relevance at all to that of the book and served only to outrage and infuriate many faithful (and admittedly rabid) brookmyre fans.best bit of advice..? watch this, then read the book and only then make your comparisons and submit your judgement.

leslie sands' stilted play "deadlock" becomes a poor-choice vehicle for bette davis and gary merrill, just after their joint-success in "all about eve". after killing her spouse, a scheming woman is visited by her husband's best friend, who passes himself off as her husband once others begin stopping by the house. irving rapper, one of bette's best directors from her peak years, is sadly unable to elevate this ridiculous material, in which davis is curiously aloof and restrained until the outrageous finale (where she thankfully pulls out all the stops). production and supporting cast strictly second-rate; only for bette davis completists. *1/2 from ****

"don't drink the water" is an unbelievably bad film. it's based on a 1966 broadway play by woody allen. it stars jackie gleason, the comic genius behind "the honeymooners". the director, howard morris, has appeared in several mel brooks comedies (life stinks, high anxiety, silent movie)and has made a mark in animation (characters he has voiced include gopher from "pooh", jughead (archie)and beetle bailey) what went wrong?i think the problem is that the premise is played out too seriously to work effectively. allen's original play was tongue-in-cheek, which is why it worked on broadway and in allen's 1994 remake. the screenplay by r.s. allen and harvey bullock beats the premise to death and makes too many changes from the original play. making gleason's wife an airhead in this version when she was a headstrong woman in the original is just one example of why this doesn't work.the acting isn't much better. gleason does the best he can with the material, but he can't save this. gleason was a comic genius , but also a fine actor as he demonstrated in "the hustler" and "soldier in the rain". his abrasive personality could have worked here, but the lousy script doesn't even give him a chance. too bad. estelle parsons' airhead wife will drive you nuts after 20 minutes. see how soon it'll take for you to want to strangle her. that is also a shame because she is also a fine actress, having turned in two exceptional performances in "bonnie and clyde" and "rachel, rachel" none of the other actors do particularly well either.woody allen hated this film so much that he remade the film in 1994 with himself and julie kavner (marge simpson) in the leads. they manage to hit all the right notes and the film itself is a comic masterpiece. it's finally on video after a long battle over rights. do go out and find that version. all the 1969 original is good for is clearing out unwanted guests who overstay their welcome.1/2* out of 4 stars

the toy box (1971) bombsure, i like looking at nude women. while i prefer hardcore porn flicks, i'll take softcore exploitation grindhouse junk like this too under the right circumstances. well, these aren't the right circumstances. these aren't any circumstances. there's supposed to be a horrific subplot lurking in here somewhere, but i'll be damned if i can untangle it. this is another of those amateurish steaming piles of badly made manure that bores you to tears rather than stimulates you, despite all the simulated sex going on all over the place. bah -- if i want to see good sex scenes, i'll watch the real stuff.

the long list of "big" names in this flick (including the ubiquitous john mills) didn't bowl me over to the extent that i couldn't judge the film on its actual merits. it is full of stereotypes, caricatures, and standard, set scenes, from the humble air-ace hero to the loud-mouthed yank flyer. the music track was such that at one point, about an hour before the end, i thought the film was over: loud, rising crescendo, grand flourish and finish then silence, but then the movie continued! i found no real storyline, haphazard writing, but smartly-pressed uniforms and the pretty jean simmons (pre-nose job) with a rousing little ditty. i cannot say that this picture has any of the ingredients which make a film great. i found it maudlin, mawkish and minor.

i actually prefer robin williams in his more serious roles (e.g. good will hunting, the fisher king, the world according to garp). these are my favorite robin williams movies. but seize the day, although well-acted, is one of the worst movies i've ever seen and certainly the worst robin williams movie (even worse than death to smoochy, club paradise, and alladin on ice).every good story is going to have its ups and downs. this movie, however, is one giant down. i don't need a feel-good hollywood cheese-fest, but i've got to have something other than 90 minutes of complete and utter hopelessness. this movie reminds me of "love liza" (which is actually worse) because it seems that the only point of the movie is to see how far one person can fall. the answer? who cares.

prom night 2 is an ok horror movie but prom night is way better and this movies about how the prom queen mary lou in 1957 gets killed by her boyfriend and comes back 30 years later for revenge.the best actor in this movie is micheal ironside and the movie stars other ok actors and actress like justin louis (i),wendy lyon,lisa schrage and richard monette(i).and there are some good gore scenes like when mary lou kills the girl that is trying to hide in her locker by crushing the lockers together and how one of the students are on the computer and mary lou electrocutes him to death.over all this is an ok/good horror movie and my rating is 4 out of 10.

hello mary lou: prom night ii starts at the hamilton high school prom of 1957 where mary lou maloney (lisa schrage) is cheating on her date bill nordham (steve atkinson) with bud cooper (robert lewis). bill finds out & is devastated, meanwhile mary lou is announced prom queen 1957 & takes to the stage to accept her award. bill, still hurting, decides to play a practical joke on mary lou so he throws a firecracker on stage but the still lit fuse catches mary lou's dress setting it & her on fire, within seconds mary lou is toast. 30 years later & hamilton high is soon to hold it's annual prom night. bill (micheal ironside) is now the principal & has a teenage son named craig (justin louis) who is dating vicki carpenter (wendy lyon) & are both planning on going to the prom together. bud (richard monette) is now a priest, that terrible night 30 years ago still haunt both bill & bud. one day vicki is looking around the schools basement when she discovers a large trunk which she opens, this turns out to be a bad move as the vengeful spirit of mary lou is set free & is intent on claiming her crown as prom queen & in her spare time sets out to avenge her untimely death. first up is jess browning (beth gondek) whose death is put down to a suicide, mary lou begins to posses vicki's body as the night of the prom draws nearer. after disposing of some competition in the shape of kelly hennenlotter (terri hawkes) who tries to fix the prom so she wins. mary lou in vicki's body is crowned hamilton high prom queen which allows mary lou herself to come back from the dead to make an unexpected appearance & really liven the party up...with absolutely no connection to the original prom night (1980) & directed by bruce pittman i thought hello mary lou: prom night ii wasn't a particularly good film. the script by ron oliver concentrates more on supernatural elements rather than cheap teen slasher themes, whether this was a good or bad decision will depend on your expectations i suppose. personally i found these different elements didn't really gel or work that well together at all. the whole film was far to slow to be really enjoyable, after the opening sequence where mary lou dies no one else is killed until the half hour mark & then the film plods along for another half an hour until vicki is finally possessed & the film finally picks up momentum for the climax where an evil mary lou kills a whole one person at the prom before she is supposedly defeated, come on horror film fans you did expect that clichéd 'killer not dead & ready for a sequel' ending didn't you? don't expect a hight body count, just five throughout the entire film & none particularly graphic although i did like the way monica (beverley hendry as beverly hendry) tried to hide in a shower room locker which mary lou crushed & resulting in poor monica's blood oozing out. the supernatural side of hello mary lou: prom night ii is depicted by vicki having lots of hallucinations for the first hour & mary lou controlling objects during the latter stages including a couple of creepy shots of a rocking horse which comes to life, the blackboard scene is quite good as well as it turns into water & zombie hands drag vicki into it. the slasher side of hello mary lou: prom night ii isn't outstanding, i did like mary lou herself as she churns out the obligatory one-liners & she made for a good villain even if she didn't get to kill enough people. oh, & yes i did get the running homages to various other horror film director's with almost all of the character's sharing last names with one, this obviously adds nothing to the film but is a nice little touch i suppose. the acting is ok but the normally dependable micheal ironside looks lost & uninterested almost as if he's asking himself what he's doing in this & if he'll ever work again. forget about any gore, someone is hanged, there is a stabbing with a crucifix that happens off screen, someone is impaled with a neon light, a computer goes crazy & electrocutes someones face(!?) & mary lou bursts out of vicki's body at first as a rotting zombie which was quite a cool scene. there are some full frontal nudity shots in the girls shower as well, if that's your thing. to give it some credit hello mary lou: prom night ii is ok to watch, has reasonable production values throughout & is generally well made. overall i was disappointed by hello mary lou: prom night ii, it was just too slow & ultimately uneventful to maintain my interest for nearly 100 minutes. i'm not sure whether it deserves a 3 or 4 star rating, i'll give it a 4 as there's nothing specifically wrong with it i suppose & i've sat through much worse films but it just didn't really do anything for me i'm afraid.

what is the point of creating sequels that have absolutely no relevance to the original film? no point. this is why the prom night sequels are so embarrassingly bad.the original film entailed a group of children hiding a dark secret that eventually get them all killed, bar one, in a brutal act of revenge. can someone please explain to me what a dead prom queen-to-be rising from the grave to steel the crown has to do with the first movie then? prom night 2 had continuous plot holes that left the audience constantly wondering how did that happen and why should that happen? but in the end, i guess you could call it one of those movies that is so bad, you end up laughing yourself through it.

like most people i love "a christmas story". i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason--it is awful. same locale, same narrator, same director but the warm fuzziness of the original was lacking. charles grodin was a poor choice to replace darrin mcgavin but i cannot imagine anyone being able to replace him. the story seems forced and lacks the sweetness of the original. the interaction with the neighbors, the bumpuses, is ridiculous. in "a christmas story" ralphie's obsession with the bb gun seems cute but his obsession in this movie is boring. scud farkus, the original neighborhood bully, is replaced in this film by yet another kid with braces and a weird hat but with little of the scud farkus menacing appeal. it would be pretty difficult to equal the original, even if this movie had been made with the original crew.

et's obsession with dannielynn smith is despicable. leave the child alone. with all the constant attention she'll most likely grow up psychotic, depressed or worse. think of princess diana and how she longed for privacy. now poor little rich girl ashley olson just wants to be left alone. no wonder greta garbo became a recluse and said "i want to be alone". how much does et make off this little girl? does et not have anything better to report on? i bet there's lots of people who really don't care what color her birthday cake and balloons were. by the way, i never heard that anna nichole ever won any of those court cases over the will and her inheritance. who is paying for the lifestyle of larry, howard and little dannielynn? could it be et?

this show is unbelievable in that . . . what it represents and what it focuses on and . . . words cannot describe how insane et is. they will report anything. if a celebrity is even remotely indirectly connected to the story et will report on it. if a dog poop in the tom cruise's yard they will report on it. if a celebrity dies . . . they will talk about it for weeks on end to the point where the public envy that celebrity. if a celebrity is on trial . . . et will report it for months on end. there is no end to what this show will reports and no time frame that dictates how long they will focus on a story. is it even considered legitimates reporting? the reports are so dang annoying too, with harsh rambling voices and end with an unnecessary pause to convey a sense of important. i cannot watch this show without questioning humanity's existence. et is one big reason i avoid pre-evening shows in general. i regret that imdb can only allow a minimum of one star rating and not zero or even in the negatives. for this show deserve -10 stars.

entertainment tonight has been going down hill for the last few years, but as of last night (aug 17th 2006) they reached a new low.in an effort to try to hype up their broadcast, they decided to post actual photos of jonbenet ramsey's body in their teasers last night ...saying "pictures from the case you have never seen before". the two photos were graphic and very disturbing. one was of the side of her face and head/neck and you could clearly see the cord that was used to strangle her around her neck, and bruising on her face. this was so hideously awful, i could not believe it. how has this got to do with anything remotely related to hollywood entertainment?? nothing!! they have dropped their level of dignity and values to a new low....and it shows. this used to be the premiere show to watch...and it's just garbage now.i will watch access hollywood from now on.

apparently none of the previous reviewers,most of whom praise the film for its accuracy, have actually read a biography of louis pasteur.the most glaring inaccuracy is in the relationship between pasteur and napoleon iii.back in the 1930's the latter was invariably shown in a bad light.while far from an admirable character-he was an inept politician and a self-appointed "military genius" who allowed france to be dragged into a disastrous war,he was not the stupid reactionary depicted here. he had an intelligent interest in science,and like many other people in the 19th century saw a bright future because of the improvements it would bring.far from exiling pasteur, he was his patron,building him a laboratory and providing him with all the resources that he needed for his research.while the lab was under construction, pasteur became gravely ill.a bureaucrat, deciding it was a waste of money to build a laboratory for someone who would soon be dead, ordered work halted on his own authority.when the emperor heard about this, his outrage shook the bureaucracy so that there was a flurry of buck-passing, and work promptly resumed.the emperor personally visited pasteur to comfort him and reassure him that he would get his lab.the emperor would often bring members of his court to admire pasteur's projects,and it was obvious to everyone that pasteur was one of the emperor's favorites.pasteur's main worry concerning the emperor was that napoleon thought pasteur was virtually a miracle worker who could do almost anything, and was constantly assigning him tasks outside of his previous experience.pasteur, a very modest man, was always protesting this, but napoleon would say that he had complete faith in him,and pasteur despite his misgivings, always came through.they always had a close and friendly relationship,and after the emperor was overthrown, pasteur refused to say a bad word about him,grateful to the end of his life.the part about his daughter having the baby, and pasteur sacrificing his principles to get a doctor, never happened.the part about the anthrax and rabies, for which he was famous, is generally correct, but the notion that the anthrax experiment raised him from obscurity to fame is false.he was famous and respected at the time this happened.this movie is ok from a dramatic standpoint,but very distorted as biography.

another vast conspiracy movie that tries to blame the us government and the armed forces (especially the army) for every disaster since the great flood. anyone who has ever served time in the us military can see how bogus this film is. uniforms, equipment, sets, and mannerisms are all wrong. (and of course, all senior officers are either corrupt criminals or total idiots.) blatant propaganda with no attempt at objectivity. most of the theories presented have been disproven over the past few years. uses every cliche', rumor, and urban legend from the gulf-all are presented as gospel. (the truth is, no one knows for sure why some gw vets are sick and others are healthy as horses.) ps this is not new. war is not fun and i know wwii, korean, and viet nam vets with some pretty serious ailments, too. (and the government has the responsibility to take care of all of them.) sensationalistic movies like this will not solve the problem!

what this movie fails from answering is how wrong this war is (and most us wars recently made only to get some oil).how many innocent civilian casualties there has been, how many lives perished and how blatantly stupid the perpetrators are.so, let me ask you - if american soldier kills women and children apart from enemy, its ok, but if government accidentally kills their own forces by deadly chemicals while killing many civilians as well, it is not? your logic fails, gentleman.i'll give it 5 for the solid performance and 1 to everything else, 3 in total.

the thumb idea isn't such a winner the second time round. thumbtanic wasn't as good as thumb wars for a number of reasons. primarily, i think, mr oedekerk had far less to work with in the titanic send-up. unlike star wars, the movie titanic hasn't (yet?) become a cultural myth and there are far fewer references to be made which will resonate with the audience.in thumbtanic, the holes are filled by one-off jokes which don't really seem related to anything. for example, the hero's insinuation that the heroine isn't clean during the "jump off end of ship" scene - it's not funny. rather, you just think to yourself, "did i miss something in the original movie?". there were too many of these type of baseless jokes (cf. arachnid).by contrast, the send-up of the smarmy ship's designer had meaning and was funny. also very funny was the send up of the bloke in the movie who wanted to go "faster" as a maniac running around demanding *everything* be "faster" including the sinking of the ship and himself being the first to die. these sort of jokes meant something in the titanic context and lent meaningful humour to thumbtanic.the thumb "media", the faces and the voices, are still amusing. the props and sets and the cg animation are worthy of appreciation. overall, although thumbtanic proves that quirkiness alone won't work, this filmette still keeps you amused and chuckling to the end.

i watched this on a whim because it was available and i'd heard the thumb movies were funny. this one was not. the majority of the jokes were based around "geranium's" physique and, in turn, kate winslet's. i think it's really pathetic of the the "thumbtanic" creators to stoop so low to make jabs at a respected actress just because she (heaven forbid) doesn't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty.my favorite part was the line that goes something like, "hey, i have a great idea! let's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see!" thirty seconds of amusement out of a 26 minute movie does not redeem its value.

i saw chan is missing when it first came out, about four years after moving from san francisco to new york. maybe it was the perspective of a few years away, but this movie seemed to capture the essence of the city and its people better than anything else i'd ever seen (still does). it concentrates on one particular community - the chinese - but that's fine, because so much of the city's soul is refracted through the settings, the faces, and the maybe above all the voices of the characters.this isn't the tourists' san francisco. the settings are humble and everyday: a taxi cab, the kitchen of a chinese restaurant, richmond district row houses, little chinatown apartments and small-business offices, the piers, a philippine elder center. this is what the city looks and feels like day to day to the people who live there - even now, in the era of silicon gulch urban redevelopment. unlike, say, dirty harry (in its own way an excellent san francisco movie as well), everything is filmed at street level: we come to understand the characters' points of view from the perspective their surroundings give them, not from some fancy vertiginous shooting.wang apparently filmed in b&w because he didn't have the money to do otherwise, yet one of the strongest visual elements of the movie is the natural light he achieves. the often harsh, pervasive quality of the sunlight is one of my closest associations with san francisco: it seems to expose everything, bringing the buildings, the hills, the other landmarks down in scale and, in a funny way, making the people you pass on the streets seem more individual and potentially closer to you than they might in another place. wang's photography perfectly conveys this, and even helps the story along at points.wang captures the speech and conversational style of chinese and other san franciscans better than anyone ever has, i think. if there's such thing as a true san francisco "accent," it's what you hear from the balding taxi medallion broker (i think) who appears talking on the phone in one scene (listen to the way he calls the person on the other end "ya dingaling!").the story is poignant and, despite a few very small missteps, makes its points beautifully about the longings that pull at the hearts of people living in old immigrant communities - including the justified political and ethnic resentments, and little ironic amusements, that help to fuel them. all this is communicated delicately - perhaps why some respondents here think the film meanders. it doesn't - suffice it to say that the two cab drivers' quest for chan becomes a quest for something more personal.chan is missing finishes up with a chinatown travelogue sequence backed by a goofy novelty song from the 1930s (i guess) about san francisco and all its crazy diversity. an american caricature, yes, but somehow not entirely off the mark either.

what a wasted opportunity to actually make an interesting film about a complicated subject. there is very little exploration about what it really feels like to be a straight (or gay) man working in a gay sexual environment.the dancers keep talking about their art as if it has no erotic component. they may not all be prostitutes for hire, but they are indeed sex workers playing out fantasies and selling private sessions where more than dancing is offered. from the film one would get the impression that they mainly appeal to the women who go to the gay clubs and then end up hiring the "dancers" for private sessions. even the shots in the club only show women in front of the stage and the "dancers" only playing to the women in the audience. this just isn't the reality of these clubs. it would be pretty hard to make a living doing private dances for straight women and couples. so what do they really feel about their gay admirers and clients? we learn very little. instead we get filler. a gay activist who adds nothing to the study of straight dancers. a manager who tells us about the costumes for the drag acts but offers no insight into the dancers' lives and attitudes.the pictures of mexico city are generic. the phallic montage showing sausages roasting is ridiculous.this is a totally simplistic film which should be of interest only to those who want to see a few pictures of pretty boys dancing. the rest of the movie is an insult to gay men.

cedric kahn's films have been character-based, rather than action-based (i'm thinking of l'ennui and feux rouges) so it is jarring to see this series of really expert car chases interspersed with some plodding attempts to give character to succo. i don't find stefano cassetti to be an interesting actor; he reminds me of pro athletes who are coaxed into movies, like bret favre. that blank stare looks like a really vicious deer caught in the headlights. a real actor would have forced us to reflect more on succo's personality, rather than admiring his skill at carjacking.the little acting there is comes mainly from isild le besco as the needy schoolgirl succo takes by storm. the interview at the police office is a marvel of bland obstinacy with a little fear of the future blended in. le besco apart, there is little to recommend this film.

for a film about a killer this is surprisingly dull.nothing much happens and even when things do happen they don't generate any real excitement or interest.the acting is good from the two leads, cassetti in particular delivers a great performance combining the certainty and stupidity of succo but the rest of the cast also do what they need to.the problem is that there is poor writing and direction and the fact that as a true story it isn't interesting, succo is not a unique character, he isn't interesting or exciting.films of this sort normally try to generate tension or empathy or outrage and this generates nothing except a feeling of regret that you wasted your time watching it.

i have seen already fantastic stories, but the premises of this one are so unbelievable that it comes very close to being ridiculous. a rich and young guy undergoes a heart transplant the day after his marriage, and he is somehow witnessing his own surgery and the plot of his surgeons to kill him. even if there is a medical explanation to such a phenomenon what next happens is a mixture of dialog among ... say ... souls? ... maybe and real life where the dedicated mother will do everything to save the life of her son. there is no shade of suspense or thrill, just a combination of a bad and simplistic plot with a series of coincidences that can never happen in life.this is not to say that the film is completely lacking quality - actually first time director joby harold does a decent job in directing a good team of actors that includes hayden christensen at his first major role after having taken off the anakin skywalker costume, fabulous jessica alba and super-gifted lena olin. all would have deserved a better story.

quite unimpressive. the 'twists' are all pretty predictable, if you've seen any movies within the last ten years, and the few somewhat interesting parts (wherein someone utilizes context clues to make a decision) are few and lack much punch, since the 'secret' has already been shown before these clues are explained.(spoilers, sorta)the acting is decent enough. the story simply isn't very interesting. the whole 'still awake' premise becomes nullified by the astral projection stuff(not kidding). the surgery scene is initially tense, a bit discomforting, but then becomes utterly banal.not horrible, but not memorable. terrence howard's least interesting role to date, so far as i've seen. kind of boring, overall.

it was jon pertwee who said " it`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly " . well if that`s the case pasty faces is " very easy " . david baker ( as director /screenwriter ) and his cast seem to be under the impression that comedy involves stealing scenes and style from superior britcoms like lock stock.. and trainspotting , using a completely underdeveloped script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly . alan mccaffrey especially suffers from this type of ott performance but not enough to ruin the film because there`s not enough of a film to ruin .pasty faces is terrible on all fronts especially scriptwise . i couldn`t understand why it ended the way it did , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and silly manner . oh and other glaring errors are that you need a visa to visit the usa and a green card in order to work there - this film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in america without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in america - people who i know in america , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop . as far as i know gun laws in america differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter . so we`ve got a very erroneous view of america from a very unreal and oh so unfunny film . maybe this is revenge for braveheart a very hollywood view of the scots ? perhaps , but this doesn`t stop pasty faces from being a crap comedy

i will never forget the night i saw this movie. we were on a submarine on patrol in the north atlantic and this was the scheduled movie of the evening. we all gave up after the second reel. they did not even try to show it at the mid-night showing. opting for a rerun instead...... this is all i really have to say but they have this stupid rule that my comment must contain ten lines. i'm not supposed to pad the comment with random words so i will just continue to ramble until i get my ten lines of bs. i could not find george goble listed in the credits but i remember him in the movie. the sining was terrible and the songs even worse.

this paramount version/ripoff of oklahoma!/annie get your gun/calamity jane isn't all that unusual or innovative. the marketing and intro comments may be there to salvage what is really a pretty bad movie musical western shot on a soundstage and like a live tv show. i don't find the use of the background cyclorama, lit in various scenes with yellow, or pink, or red, or....all that innovative. as noted, it looks more to me like a movie that was produced on a tv budget: all soundstage, with minimal sets backed by the lighted cycs! (compare to new faces (of 1952). the actors come off reasonably well, though. and this style was much better realized when paramount shot li'l abner in 1959. of couorse, this movie suggests the often repeated question: "what were they thinking?"

my nose is bent slightly out of shape as i write this. i had sent a previous comment on this film some weeks ago that has not yet appeared, so i assume it was rejected, even though it met all the usual guidelines.i found this film interesting for the first thirty minutes, particularly the performance of jordi mollà, a veteran actor who has appeared in such major productions as "blow" and "the alamo." leonor watling is also quite good. unfortunately, everything sinks eventually under the weight of a truly awful, melodramatic script. there is also an abundance of gratuitous nudity that does nothing to advance the narrative or lend even an impressionistic nuance to what is otherwise a beautifully filmed piece of art.an actual day trip to the beach at valencia would be much less arduous than having to encounter these fictional characters again anywhere, anytime.

ulises is a literature teacher that arrives to a coastal town. there, he will fell in love to martina, the most beautiful girl in town. they will start a torrid romance which will end in the tragic death of ulises at the sea. some years later, martina has married to sierra, the richest man in town and lives a quiet happy live surrounded by money. one day, the apparition of ulises will make her passion to rise up and act without thinking the consequences. the plot is quite absurd and none of the actors plays a decent part. in addition, three quarters of the film are sexual acts, which, still being well filmed, are quite tiring, as we want to see more development of the story. it is just a bad bigas luna's film, with lots of sex, no argument and stupid characters everywhere.

if you've ever wanted to see a film that stresses style over substance, this is for you. to me, son de mar is beautiful to see, but there's precious little substance, unless mawkish, melodramatic, manipulative love yarns turn you on. this may be one of those famous 'chick flicks' you've heard so much about. we're about half-way through this film before anything really happens: ulises (jordi molla) goes out to sea looking for tuna, and doesn't come back, leaving his wife martina (leonor watling) and son to fend for themselves. then, in a furious six minutes of screen time, they bury ulises, martina gets married again, and her son grows into mid-childhood. this rapid transposition is jarring, to say the least, and very sloppy: after 40 minutes of more or less hanging around, we're suddenly into a full-blown melodrama, all in six minutes. i think this is called wayward narrative pacing.five years later, ulises (as in the wandering superhero ulysses; get it?), returns to his 'penelope' (watling) only to find she's married to sierra (eduard fernandez), an inexplicably wealthy guy (what does he do to earn all that dough?) who inexplicably keeps crocodiles as pets. when martina, in great anger, questions ulises about his absence, he tells her that he'll take her to the island of sumatra someday and she'll understand everything.and here's the thing: he doesn't take her to the island of sumatra. the reference just dies somewhere in the script. he doesn't really explain where he was and why he ignored his wife and child for five years. he doesn't acquit himself as an honourable guy, and the movie doesn't fill in the plot holes that are staring at us for at least half of the film. i can only assume that director bigas luna wants us to fill in the story lines with the mystical clues (fish, reptiles, the sea) he offers through breathtaking cinematography and evasive dialogue. it just doesn't work. the narrative 'arc' on this film ends up looking more like a wobbly clothesline.i'm sure jordi molla is a good actor, but i just couldn't buy his ulises as any kind of hero (which is what the original ulysses was supposed to be). with moist sensuality, he spouts a short stanza of identical poetry from virgil roughly 2,000 times and each and every time it excites martina to explosive orgasm. this guy should be rented out to reinvigorate stale marriages. i'm sure virgil would be impressed. he didn't get laid that often, as i understand it. this poetic 'device' figures prominently in the film, and i had no choice but to assume it was a gender reversal of ulysses' famous 'siren song' (i.e. beautiful maidens singing seductively to far-off sailors, who were doomed if they answered the, well, siren call). if this is what bigas luna is up to, you can see the problem -- he's offering convoluted symbolism in a snatch-and-grab attempt at high art. once again, it just doesn't work, at least in my eyes.watling is a beautiful and magnetic young actor, but she gives us a character here who doesn't seem to have much intellectual or even romantic depth. it's beyond me how she could desperately fall in love with a guy who sports a for-rent sign on his face (as in vacant), oily 1960s-style hair that looks more like seaweed, and one of those trendy 21st-century 'beards' (you know, four days' growth, no more, no less). he's supposed to be a dreamy kind of guy (i think), but those eyes of his suggest he might be suffering more from overexposure to a preposterous script. but, don't despair, this film is great to look at. just don't try to connect the dots on the red herrings or think too much about what you're hearing in the way of dialogue. you can do a lost of fast-forwarding on this film (particularly in the first 40 minutes) and you really won't miss much.

previous comments encouraged me to check this out when it showed up on tcm, but it was a severe disappointment. lupe valdez is great, but doesn't get enough screen time. frank morgan and eugene palette play familiar but promising characters, but the script leaves them stranded.the movie revolves around the ego of lee tracy's character, who is at best a self-centered, physically and verbally abusive jerk. the reactions of "the public" are poorly thought-out and unbelievable, making the "shenanigans" seem like contrivances of a bad writer. and it strains credulity that the lupe velez character could fall for him.the "stinging one-liners" mentioned in another review must be dependent on the observer, since i didn't even notice that an attempt was being made.

this film is lame, lame, lame!!!!! it takes a lot to bring me to over-exaggeration about a movie, but this movie stunk up my house!! i haven't even finished the movie yet and i had to stop to comment on how bad this movie is. i've never done that!! as a consumer, do not spend your money on this film. wait until it comes out on a cable channel or something. it's barely tv worthy. i really hate trashing a movie, but this movie is trash! barely above porn. should have and x rating! good plot, some frontal nudity (if that floats your boat), but horrible high school level acting. don't know how this movie received distribution. (must have been a contractual thing.) really, if you really like watching good movies, don't waste you time with this one. from one movie lover to another. you will be mad at yourself! let me say this as well, if you've been through something like this perhaps you can relate and it will have some value for you. in that case i say watch it, you may take something away from it, if not just seeing something that's happened to you being acted out by someone else (has therapeutic value).

the only redeeming quality of this film is the actual storyline...otherwise, this movie was terrible. the acting was ridiculously bad, and the set design was cheesy and very tacky. the story was decent, but it was very hard to watch due to all the horrid acting. i wouldn't recommend watching this one...the only redeeming quality of this film was that the actors were somewhat attractive...especially ryan bauer, the man who plays the soap opera star. some of the editing was well done, but there are continuity errors all over the place...i'm just starting to get sick and tired of watching gay movies that are bad...can we get a good one soon?

until now, the worst movie i had ever seen was ben & arthur. you really should check the reviews for that movie instead of this one. the review statistics for this movie have been skewed positive through a relentless and unscrupulous push by some of the people involved in making it, evidence for which is fairly easy to uncover online. at least the people who made ben & arthur were honorable enough to let it stand on its own shaky legs, instead of unscrupulously promoting it so suckers like me would buy it.everything about this movie is terrible, the script, the story, the casting, the acting, the direction, the photography, the editing, the music... what else goes into a movie? whatever it is, here it's as bad as it gets. if it weren't so unpleasant it would be ridiculous. i kept watching it thinking it must get better, because i hadn't yet discovered that none of the positive reviews for it are reliable.it does not take a lot of money to make a great movie, nor does a low budget mean a movie has to be bad. my favorite example of a shoestring-budget masterpiece is gus van sant's amazing mala noche, but there are many others. sideline secrets—director's cut or original—is bad not because the people who made it had no money, but because they had gigantic egos and no talent for anything at all except self-promotion.

there are some good things about the movie. the music and cinematography is great. alex wilson is hot and gives a great performance. ryan bauer is also hot. the production was very lucky to have casted them because they really give production value to the movie. jonny vincent (sean) and a lot of the boys in the movie that don't speak are cute too. why isn't the actress who plays amy listed in the credits? brandon alexander gives a great comedic performance as clitarissa pink.the worse thing about the movie is probably the star, james townsend. he can't act. he's also very scrawny, not nice to look at at all. his arms are like spaghetti. it's disgusting. they have no muscle tone at all. it's no wonder he has to make his own movie and cast himself in it. no one else would cast him in anything.james townsend is not believable as someone who would even have a girlfriend because he acts so gay. they should have casted someone else as the lead if they wanted what's best for the movie. then again, maybe he just wants to use this movie as a vehicle to launch a career in soft-core porn, definitely not real acting because he would have taken some acting lessons. plus, anyone who does porn is blacklisted in hollywood.the most ridiculous thing about the movie is probably the casting of a tan-skinned latina as devon's mother. sonja fisher does not seem like an actress at all. all in all, this movie is soft-core porn and is no better than something you would see on skinemax. i think even alex wilson, probably the best thing about this movie, is embarrassed by it and doesn't want to be associated with it. there is no photo on his imdb page and nothing else listed, so alex wilson is probably a disposable stage name. plus, i ran into him in west hollywood one time recently and when i mentioned this movie, he just turned around and walked away. i understand. if i had worked on this movie, i would be embarrassed and wouldn't want to be associated with it either.

steven vasquez directed and co-wrote with james townsend, the star, this strange little drama cum horror flick with evidently very good ideas and intentions: make a gay film that takes a different storyline than the usual fare and make a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller. so why doesn't it work? for starters the film loses direction from the opening frame and wanders rather aimlessly throughout the film, dead set on making a suspense thriller but getting sidetracked into satisfying an audience who wants to see nude encounters. not that that is a bad thing: it can certainly enhance some films that have been hollywood successes. the film also tries to talk about coming out experiences in young men and women, relationships, disturbed parenting, the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder. it is all a bit much to cram into a 96-minute film.devon (james townsend) by all appearances is a successful kid with a kind girlfriend jenna (sarah kelly) but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets brian (alex wilson) who has been down the same path and can offer devon assistance on every level. they bond, devon comes out, and the mysteries begin: boys are missing in the neighborhood, devon's stepfather psychologist dr. kirk tyler (dan swett) is not at all what he appears to be and despite devon's consoling mother donna (sonja fisher) devon is cast into the streets because of his new relationship. it seems dr tyler is in a dark business with hunky detective cunningham (earl mcdougle) who apparently is investigating the missing boys... devon gathers his resources from his understanding girlfriend jenna and her cronies and together the group unveils the dark doings of dr. tyler and his detective sidekick. and through it all donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy, etc.some of the actors are pleasing to the eye (and there is very little the eye doesn't examine frequently!) but the degree of acting is at an all time low. the only thing that makes us forgive that (and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive) is the feeling of commitment on the part of everyone involved. yes, this is a low budget movie and yes, the director needs time to learn his trade. but in the end there is something to be said for the involved people to try to take a gay film to a different level. maybe their next one will be more polished. grady harp

i bought this dvd after seeing it highly ranked here. it's just a short 20 minutes zombie film. nothing special about it except for the music perhaps.don't buy it! not even really worth spending 20 minutes to see it. only if you're really bored...

this is a decent endeavor but the guy who wrote the screenplay seems to be a bit in the dark as to what exactly makes a zombie movie cool. no, it isn't cgi bugs and software companies. actually i'm not sure whether it was a software company - i saw it without subtitles so i had to guess what they're talking about. anyway my point was - instead of wasting your time animating some dumb-ass bug, why not throw in more zombies and more action. 2/3 of the 20 minutes consist of news bulletins, bugs, some guys yelling about something. and to makes matters worse (more boring) most of the deaths occur off-screen. i realize that's all too common for no-budget movies, but then there were some very impressive effects (well, kind-a of) which left me wondering why did the director (or screenwriter, whatever) chose to focus on how the epidemic started - it's a short, nobody's gonna care anyway.

back in the 70's, when i had first seen this, i was in high school. it was cool then. now as an adult i look back at it and i say to myself..yeah right. what was so funny? it has it's moments but they are few and far between. it is so dated that the jokes no longer stand up. show this to a younger crowd and they will be totally lost. if you like this type of humor you may want to stick with kentucky fried movie or amazon women from the moon. tunnel vision as well as groove tube are too dated for today's viewing.

this movie is a prime example of squandering great resources in a film. you've got future snl and sctv stars in their prime, such as john candy, chevy chase, laraine newman, al franken,tom davis and joe flaherty essentially making 70 minutes of coarse, uninspired fart and racist jokes. the concept of a network from the future subverting society could have really been taken to some interesting extremes, but instead right out the gate, makes a lame, juvenile proctology joke and stays in that vein of humor the whole way.seek out the earlier and much more subversive and witty groove tube or the later, hilarious kentucky fried movie. this movie is only for those who want to see a time capsule of bad 70's sketch comedy movies.

i missed the beginning but i did see most of it. a friend got it on dvd in the cheap room at fye.the skits are all very short, and yet most of them are still too long. the majority of them, they seem to have forgotten to have something funny! quite a lot of racist/sexist/"homophobic" humor in it, skits based on stereotypes, or skits which use racist terms for people.i'm trying to remember anything i thought was funny in it, and i'm having trouble.... the logo for the tunnel vision network is a lipsticked mouth with an eyeball in it. the mouth opens and closes over the eye like eyelids. kind of creepy.what a disappointment. most of the actors went on to better things, and it's lucky this bomb didn't hold them back.

in the future of 1985, a governmental committee headed by howard hesseman, is holding hearings on tv's first uncensored network. they sample it's programming, that play as a series of skits. i can name the good 'skit' movies on one hand, not using my thumb. "amazon women on the moon", "kentucky fried movie", "the meaning of life", and "mr. mike's mondo video". notice how i didn't mention "tunnel vision"? the reason for that is that this 'movie' is death in cinematic form. none of the skits are even remotely funny, or even the least bit clever. it takes some sort of great ineptitude on the film makers' part to not even get one laugh out of me.my grade: f eye candy: dody dorn goes full frontal

this is not an all-around terrible comedy, but it is very dull. it has barely any laughs, and it wastes its lavish production values. there is one poignant moment near the end, when fu manchu offers a dose of his elixir to his "nemesis" and tells him that "you've been my one worthy adversary; and now we can start all over again". that scene, however, along with burt kwouk's amusing cameo in the beginning, are the only memorable parts of the movie. (*1/2)

an unfunny, unworthy picture which is an undeserving end to peter sellers' career. it is a pity this movie was ever made.

i don't have much to say about this movie. it could have been a wonderful tour-de-force for peter sellers, but it is one of the most tragic misfires in movie history. that it was sellers final movie makes it all the more painful.the terrible screenplay, direction and shockingly wooden performances all come dreadfully together to make this one of the most unwatchably awful movies ever made.i wish so much that i could find even a snicker or a chuckle buried somewhere in this pile of putrid blubber, but it's a lifeless, humorless disaster. the truth hurts.peter, why couldn't you have stopped at being there?

this may not be the very worst movie peter sellers ever did (i think that laurel goes to "the prisoner of zenda") but it is surely the most depressing. sellers, especially sans makeup as nayland smith, looks like he has just undergone chemotherapy. as fu manchu, he looks hardly better and spends most of the film (with the exception of those strangely disturbing scenes where he gets jolted with electrical currents) on the verge of collapsing under the weight of all that makeup. the supporting players also look tired and run down, and sid caeser's presence is offensive even without his constant references to "chinks!" (one bright spot: this would be one of the last times a major motion picture would portray asians so insultingly ... or, for that matter, star a non-asian as one!). the film seems surprisingly cheap, with soupy photography and drab sets - even the whiz-bang elvis number at the end looks cut-rate. only the stunning helen mirren and the tall, thin, nervous guy who get his pants wet add any sparks of life to this sad affair. all in all, this film provides an eerie premonition of a great comic's death, and an even eerier documentation of his dying.

it's one of the funny things about being young that one can be fooled easily by advertising. i have spoken before on another film,in which the commercial for the (comedy) film makes it seem funnier than it is. seeing the ad for this in 1981 made me think this was going to be a wildly funny film. what i and my brother who went and saw it with me didn't know is that the scene used in the tv ad was the very last scene in the film! since this scene is the end result of all that came before in the film,i can only guess that there was nothing else funny to use! the last scene is,thanks to a youth potion,dr. fu manchu turns from a long bearded old man,into a bright young asian/elvis like rock star! (with back up singers no less!) set for no real reason,in the 1930's,peter sellers does his best with the material at hand but he's not given any really good reason for his "comedic" moments. the rest of the actors were just plain dull and my brother and i sat all through this barely laughing at anything. it was only natural that we were expecting a "pink panther" type comedy,peter sellers was so great at that. it's a pitiful shame this was his last film before he died. his appearance on the muppet show was more entertaining than this ill-conceived flop. still,i don't fault him. i fault everyone else involved for not trying to make a better film of this. 2 stars is being generous!!

....shut it off. the prologue with fu manchu's birthday, and the opening credits of the assassins training, is amusing. then it drops off faster than hair sprayed with neat. look for a cameo by cato in the beginning, with a figurative wink at the audience.

ok so here's the basic plot. it is 1933, peter sellers is dr fu manchu, a 168 year old chinese man who has lived quite a long time. the film opens with his birthday in which he celebrates by drinking a special elixir that (even the film never mentions) prolongs his life. well on this occasion the elixir is clumsily dropped by an assistant (kato if you remember the pink panther movies) and he orders his minions to then go find 6 rare items to make the elixir. this creates a global man hunt in which his henchmen end up robbing museums of diamonds and venturing into london, to meet up with dr fu's nemisis, a retired scotland yard detective nayland smith, also played by sellers who tries to stop him in what is suppose to be a witty comedic adventure.this was apparantly sellers last full length feature film that he made before he died. the terrible tragedy is that he was in it. sellers who is such a gifted comedian and has had memorable 'funny' roles in the panther movies and particualrly in the movie 'the party', is anything but that in this film. this film was absolute torture to sit through and i couldn't even finish it. he completly dies and i kept cringing while watching sellers performance. after coming of the great work of 'being there' a year earlier how, i mean how can he make this and how did this thing even get made??? like one person mentioned the first 10..15 minutes are ok but then it is all downhill...avoid like the plague.rating 1 out of 10.

even if one didn't realize that sellers was in poor health at the time of filming and passed away before the film's release, the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu would be painful viewing. it is supposedly a lampoon of sax rohmer's famous oriental villain but it lacks any focus. the potential for satirical commentary on the anti-oriental overtones of rohmer's concept are ignored. indeed, the movie employs racist insults. there are hardly any actual jokes or gags, just mostly actors behaving idiotically and spouting dreary lines. it is especially distressing to see sid caesar forced to spout curses and racial slurs for attempted laughs. most of the other actors embarrass themselves as well.and then there's peter sellers. he plays the dual roles of the sinister fu manchu, who is trying to concoct a formula to regain his youth and his stalwart british foe nayland smith. sellers isn't one hundred per cent bad; he conveys a quirky warmth as smith when he discusses his fetishistic attachment to his lawn mower and he's oddly moving as manchu when he expresses his love for english music hall entertainment. but most of the time, he plays both roles with a weary grimness, thus further sabotaging any comical possibilities. sellers' routines where he revitalizes his fading strength with electric shocks are particularly excruciating; he seems too convincingly agonized to be funny. a few genuinely witty lines, an apt slapstick bit by burt kwouk (cato in the pink panther films) as one of manchu's minions, and helen mirren's amusing musical numbers cannot salvage this mess. if anyone wants to understand why peter sellers is considered a comedic genius, they won't learn anything from the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu.

there's no getting around it-- this movie is terrible. i've seen the old christopher lee/fu manchu movies, i'm familiar with the characters and it's serial origins, but it's still just godawful. however, peter sellers' genius still shines through with his portrayal of nayland smith, with echoes of sadness, tragedy, and strength simmering through a stoic facade; it's a performance i place on par with peter cushing's portrayal of van helsing but done in a tenth of the cumulative screen time of all cushing's "dracula" movies. if the movie was done in a more serio-comic vein like bubba ho-tep by way of the 1960's avengers tv show, this could've been something special. if you're a fu manchu or peter sellers completest, this is something you need to see, but it's a pass for anyone else.

it is true that some fans of peter sellers work may be disappointed with this, his last venture. but surely any fan of sellers will find delight in all of his films, simply because of the man's huge talent. and the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu is certainly no exception. unfortunately this would prove to be sellers last film, (it was even released after his death), but it's still nice to see how the man had managed to keep his irreplaceable talent right until his untimely demise. and not only do we get one sellers, but we get to, for sellers plays not only the title role but also his nemesis, the equally bizarre nayland smith, the detective on the hunt for the crazed 168 year old fu. the story is equally outlandish as we follow fu's outrageous antics to make his age-defying elixir and also nayland and his group of associates trying to prevent him. just like any of sellers greater films, the film comes with a guaranteed impeccable performance from him, as well as many of his familiar-faced co-stars - david tomlinson, sid caesar, john le mesurier, clive dunn and helen mirren to name a few. it's also nice to see pink panther stalwart burt kwouk (cato) enjoying a cameo with sellers - albeit playing the same role, but still nice. the story is indeed pretty ridiculous, as are many of the characters involved, which classes this as a film strongly under the goon influence. and, although it never reaches the heights of goon comedy, there are plenty of amusing jokes that seem to point in the right direction. the film failed commercially on it's initial release due to the entire world mourning after sellers' death (the film was released less than 3 weeks after)and there is always that sorrowful thought lurking in the back of your mind when viewing it that this was sellers last film. it's far from a great film - it's often slow, too ridiculous, and sometimes the jokes simply aren't there - but it is nevertheless enjoyable - if only for another top rate performance from peter sellers.

i can hardly believe i watched this again last night after more than 25 years...some time back, i watched 6 fu films in a row... boris karloff, and all 5 chris lees. the last 2 lees, both directed (and i use that word loosely) by jess franco, were abominable. at the time, i skipped this one, remembering that, in some ways, it was even worse.well, i watched it. never again. you know what's worse that an abominable film? a really well-made piece of s***. and that's what fiendish plot is. it is a very good-looking movie. great production design, sets, costumes, music, photography, editing, mostly good cast, some decent acting......and absolutely, positively, one of the worst scripts in movie history!!!!! aaaugh!!!!! the first minute of the film is so deceptive... one might mistake this for a decent movie. and then they start singing "happy birthday to fu"... and it goes downhill. having burt kwouk (of whom his master says, "your face-- is familiar.") accidentally pour out fu's elixir vitae to put out a fire, resulting in his being condemned to torture, burial and having one of his ears cut off, was the closest thing to funny they had. it was like someone decided they wanted to do a "campy" film-- so ridiculous it would be funny. ridiculous, it is... funny... it ain't. at all.it's sad, because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone did a lot of research into the fu manchu series in order to get so much of it "right". with a different script-- either a really funny one, or a dead serious one, they might have-- could have-- should have-- had a classic on their hands. a film that could have made one forget the horror of those jess franco atrocities... instead of making one want to dig them out as masterpieces, by comparison.there was a period in the late 70's when a whole slew of classic 30's characters were revived in movies that were universally awful. buck rogers, flash gordon, tarzan, the lone ranger, charlie chan, even doc savage. i'm not sure, this one may be the worst of the lot. it took great self-control not to fast-forward over whole sections of it, especially any scenes containing sid caesar (fbi chief who was also al capone's cousin-- you see what i mean?). it isn't just that the ideas in the film aren't funny... they often make no sense whatsoever. like when they "audition" police officers to impersonate the king and queen, and we wind up seeing people "audition" dance-hall routines like singing, dancing, and riding a unicycle. how many drugs did the writers of this thing have to take for any of this to make sense to them? as i said, a shame... and a real waste of all that talent, including that of peter sellers (who played both fu and nayland smith), burt kwouk (who'd been in a chris lee fu film in his time), helen mirren (the police woman who shockingly falls in love with the villain and damn near steals the last half-hour of the film!). i begin to wonder if anyone will ever make a "proper" fu manchu film, or if fans will have to settle for karloff's being almost the only one?

the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu starring peter sellers in a spoof of the characters created by sax rohmer is an injustice to the end of sellers' career. the plot was very simplistic, and if done the right way could have been handled nicely, but instead it was poorly executed. part of the reasons why this film wasn't that good was the poor dialog, cheap laughs, choppy directing, and an awkward feeling that the film was somewhat incomplete.the acting, on the other hand, was really the only thing that kept my interest during this mixed up picture. i found sellers portrayal of diabolical manchu brilliantly done, with the occasional lines that will be remembered. for example, there is the scene where fu manchu is confused which henchman is which in which he says "ah, you all look the same to me." i hate to admit it, but i laughed out loud with that line.then of course a fistful of strong supporting characters really caught my attention with the likes of helen mirren as the backstabbing constable, david tomilson as sir roger avery (his last film as well, not a way to end a career), and sid ceasar (who gives a rather whimsical performance of al capone's relative who works for the fbi). these characters also kept me watching.the sets were also nice. oriental designs and english society in 1933 was depicted with elegance in this dud-of-a-picture.in all honesty, my advice to you is to watch the film if you are a peter sellers or sid ceasar fan. otherwise, you're better off settling on chewing aluminum foil.

this is strictly a review of the pilot episode as it appears on dvd.television moved out of my life in 1981, so i never followed the series or any part of it - which means that i'm immune to the nostalgic charm that moonlighting appears to have for most reviewers. (possible spoiler warning) the pilot of moonlighting is your basic "caveman meets fluffball" yarn, where a "charming" red-blooded he-man manipulates a misguided woman into realizing what she really wants and needs. the premises that the script's "wit" is based on must have already felt stale around 1950. it also contains some frankly bad writing, as in the scene where maddie demolishes the furnishings instead of shooting the villain, strictly in order to prove herself the inept female in need of masculine assistance. i often feel that susan faludi overreacts in seeing male chauvinist conspiracy in simple entertainment, but in this particular case i'm all with her - moonlighting has backlash stamped all over it. in one sense, however, this dvd is a must for all serious bruce willis fans: in addition to the pilot episode, it contains the screen test that landed willis the job. both features show to what amazing extent willis' acting ability developed between 1985 and 1988/89 (die hard 1, in country). impressive! rating (and i _am_ a bruce willis fan): 2 out of 10

i tried to like this program; i really did. i even bought the pilot film, first on vhs and later on dvd. however, i couldn't get into this story because its two main characters: "david" (bruce willis) and "maddie" (cybill shepherd) just seemed to in love with themselves, for one thing. i admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the tv program, and i did appreciate of lot of that dialog. basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. you get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. a lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering, but i hate it, so i never got on the moonlighting bandwagon. only allyce beasley as the hapless aide "agnes," was entertaining. it's too bad she had such little air time. shepherd was nice on the eyes and i suppose women would say the same for willis, but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off.

oh, sam mraovich, we know you tried so hard. this is your magnum opus, a shining example to the rest of us that you are certainly worth nomination into the academy of motion picture arts and sciences (as you state on your 1998-era web site). alas, it's better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt. with ben & arthur, you do just that.seemingly assembled with a lack of instruction or education, the film's screenplay guides us toward the truly bizarre with each new scene. it's this insane excuse of a story that may also be the film's best ally. beginning tepidly, the homosexually titular characters ben and arthur attempt to marry, going so far as to fly across country to do so, in the shade of vermont's finest palm trees. but, all of this posturing is merely a lead-in for blood. then more blood, and more and more blood. i mean, there must be at least $20 in fake blood make-up in the final third of this film.the film in its entirety is a technical gaffe. from the sound to the editing to the music, which consists of a single fuzzy bass note being held on a keyboard, it's a wonder that the film even holds together on whatever media you view it on. it's such a shame then that some decent amateur performances are wasted here.no matter, sam. i'm sure you've made five figures on this flick in rentals or whatever drives poor souls (such as myself) to view this film. sadly, we're not laughing with you.

when the film began, i was shocked to see it was filmed using a cheap video camera! in fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie. even direct to dvd films should have production values better than this! heck, a large percentage of the home videos uploaded to youtube have better production values! all too often, the film seriously appears to be made by sticking the camera on a tripod and turning it on--with no camera person! closeups and anything resembling camera-work are absent in some scenes where they might have worked and in others there are too many or poorly framed closeups. yecch! the film is about two gay men who want to become married. as if was made almost a decade ago, their only option was marrying in vermont--times have definitely changed. however, the recent acceptance of gay marriage cannot in any way be attributed to this film--if anything, it set the gay marriage supporters back instead of helping as the movie stinks and never really tries to seriously address the issue. according to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry bibles everywhere and shoot people as well as wives who have gay husbands are narrow-minded when they learn their spouses have been living a lie--go figure. i'm sure glad it gives an honest chance to both sides on the issue! the bottom line--nothing about the film shows any professionalism at all and i even hesitate to call this a film. it's more like a home movie and doesn't even merit a listing on imdb or even inclusion on imdb's bottom 100 list of the worst rated films of all time. the acting is horrible, the writing is horrible, the direction (if there even is any) is horrible, the camera-work is horrible and the plot is horrible. it's a home movie!! there is nothing positive i can say about this in any way except that it makes the films of ed wood seem like oscar contenders in comparison and i am sure the ghost of mr. wood is smiling every time someone watches this mess! i don't care if you are gay or straight--this film is not worth your time and i don't know how they managed to create dvds of it. i assume one of the actors burns them on his home computer during his free time! seriously, this gives new meaning to the word 'bad'!by the way, if the one lady in the film was a real lawyer, wouldn't the ability to read be an important prerequisite?! i'm just sayin'.finally, with gay marriage being such a serious and important topic, can't we have a film that's better than this that addresses the issue?! this one, sadly, only invites laughter.

what can i say, this is a piece of brilliant film-making that should have won an oscar. a copy should be kept safe in a secure vault for posterity. it should be required viewing for all high school students across the world. sam mraovich is a genius, perhaps the most genius writer/director/producer/chef/babysitter/walmart greeter to ever grace the cinema world with his art.where do i begin with this one? every millisecond of ben and arthur was so completely breathtaking! and mraovich as arthur, wow, he is so attractive i'm surprised he didn't go for mr. universe. i couldn't contain myself during the nude scene. i loaned this movie to my brother and he called me on the phone saying how arthur's nude scene turned him gay. i am totally supportive of course, because of this film and it's beautifully crafted lessons in tolerance. why just yesterday i burned down a church and i wrote "for sam and arthur" in its smoldering ashes.the cinematography was the best thing about this film. when that fed-ex plane took to the skies amid the palm trees of vermont, i wept! why, i never even knew they had palm trees in vermont or that people could travel on fed-ex planes before this film. it opened my eyes to a new realm of possibilities. this film inspired me to enroll in sam mraovich's school of screen writing, acting, directing, composing, casting, producing, production design and real estate. i just want to say, "thank you, mr. mraovich. thank you for bringing this creation into the world. we can never re-pay you enough."

worst film ever, this is a statement that people here on imdb often throw around. whether it's an uwe boll movie, bad classics like manos the hands of fate or the latest no brains summer action fest from michael bay, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that on the board they're posting that there is nothing worse in the movie world.i envy these people, because they're blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole of crap movie making really goes. there are films out there so bad, so hideous, so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that cults form around them to celebrate their awfulness and their discussion boards are the kindest places on the internet due to everyone agreeing unanimously that said film is really that bad.ladies and gentlemen, i present to you ben and arthur, an 85 minute gay epic that is so utterly bad that it's a lot like a violent car crash, you know it's awful but you can't stop looking at it. the brainchild of self proclaimed "hollywood actor, director" and may i add beached whale sam mraovich, this film is legendarily terrible. let me give you a hint of how ego driven this project was. mr mraovich not only directed this film, he wrote it, produced it, executive produced it, scored it, edited it and then finally starred in it. this is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing of his non existent genius that like someone with an ugly child he fails to recognise just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is.everything in this film fails on an epic level, the acting is the worst you will ever witness, the plot is the most ridiculous, the editing and cinematography is the most amateur and even the music is like nails on a chalkboard. i'm aware i've gone on a bit of a tangent here, but please believe me that this film is really as bad as i describe it, i would say this film is horse crap squished into a film reel, but the truth is it wasn't even shot on film, it was shot on a digital camcorder not much better than the one sitting in your closet right now gathering dust. don't get me wrong, i forgive low budgets for films provided the concept is interesting, for example as much as i disliked it the blair witch project proved that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting film. ben and arthur does not have a good concept to fall back on, even if this film was shot on a budget of 20 million with hollywoods finest actors it would still suck, the plot is that atrocious, and the characters are even worse. one of the main characters arthur who is portrayed by non other than sam mraovich is one of the most whiny loathsome little turds ever put in a film. you'll dislike him within 5 minutes of the start of the film and by the end of the film that hate will have turned into outright loathing. apparently mr mraovich forgot that we're supposed to root for the hero.i don't want to spoil all the gut busting hilarity you'll experience watching this film (which i urge you not to pay for) so i will give you two tame mild examples of how stupid this film is, tame and mild as in amongst the least offending mistakes in the movie. in one cut we hear one of the main characters say how "they know a good lawyer and will give him a call" the shot fades out then fades back in and this him they spoke of earlier is actually a woman, quite a spectacular mistake to make in post production i think. the second is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer the characters are told to fly to vermont, we then cut to a shot of a plane landing amongst palm trees in a sunny area. i've never been to vermont personally but i'm certain you won't find any palm trees there.imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched to nearly an hour and a half combined with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10 and it still won't fully prepare you for ben and arthur. imagine the absolute worst film you've seen in your life and imagine it being even worse and you still won't be on the same level as ben and arthur, this film is really that bad.however we should be glad in a way, films like this are a true rarity. they give us hope that one day we can become film makers ourselves or that we can be screenwriters. simply because we'll have a new found sense of confidence due to the fact that we'll know that nothing we produce no matter how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this.the real worst movie of all time has finally been discovered, and it is called ben and arthur.

i don't know what it is about this movie- director sam mraovich somehow messed up just about every little aspect in this movie. i would normally say that this is a movie that should not exist, but this movie may be the most important of all time. this movie should exist for the sole purpose of being without a doubt 'the worst movie ever made'. i've seen bad movies in my lifetime, but this somehow breaks what i considered bad into something much more hard to imagine.everything in this movie is hilarious, but the single funniest thing is that mraovich himself considers this to be a great movie.oh wow...

phew--i don't what to say. this is a film that could be really good a with a bunch of stoned viewers. some of the acting reminded me of john waters' early offerings. perhaps i should take that back--i don't want to insult waters' ability as a director/storyteller.i particularly loved the lawyer taking about the "full faith and credibility" clause. it's "full faith and credit," by the way!this also reminds me of "the conrad boys," where the main actor is also the writer, director, film editor, etc. those sort of multi-involved undertakings such as that are probably best left to very seasoned film professionals who would have the technical ability (albeit a stunt, some might say) to pull something off like that.

oh man, what was sam mraovich thinking? what was anyone who was involved in this "film" thinking? mraovich is the head of nearly everything of "ben and arthur": director, writer, producer (also executive producer!), caster, lead star- you name it, he did it. and he (mraovich) sucks more than anyone has ever sucked in every department of film making.so what is wrong with this film? everything. the film is about two gay lovers, ben (jamie brett gabel) and arthur (mraovich- *groan*). ben and arthur want to get married in a world where everyone basically hates gay people. to make things worse, ben's crazy "ex-wife" (they don't exactly divorce), tammy (julie belknap) is steaming mad that ben's left her for another man and demands ben that they get back together (saying that she can be gay, too!) and arthur's christian devoted, excessively hypocritical, equally batty as tammy brother, victor, is hell bent on making arthur turn straight and then try to kill him after he gets kicked out of his church.the film is absolutely chock a block with so many goofs (ie. ben and arthur fly to vermont to get married- they go there on alaska airlines and vermont has palm trees; they fly back on a fedex cargo plane- hope they were comfy in a wooden crate, plus many, many more) and plot holes to boot (victor calls killing arthur "the final plan" which later changes to "the final deed"; arthur and the private (intern) detective drive the same car, blah, blah, blah). the "actors" are all very bad and are way, way over the top; the script is laughably horrible(one such example is "i don't make sense? you don't make sense! i make sense, that's who makes sense!") and there so much more wrong with the "movie" that i can't write them all down.however, the most laughable yet unbelievable thing about "ben and arthur" is that sam mraovich thinks that he has created something that is truly fantastic (see his fake reviews for "ben & arthur" and obvious comments by him on youtube.). mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance blinds him from seeing how awful anything with his name on it really is.so, to conclude, forget every bad film that you claim is the worst movie ever- "ben and arthur" will knock them right off that title, even paris hilton movies look like "the dark knight" compared to the monstrosity known as "ben and arthur".

just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself. seriously, even if you read all the negative comments on here you will be nowhere near able to comprehend how awful this film actually is, although it has to be one of the most hilarious things i have ever seen! never bothered to post a comment on here before, but this piece of crap really warrants it. firstly the entire plot is ridiculous and nonsensical. brother of the lead character (either ben or arthur, i forget which is which, and frankly it's never very clear) wants to stop some kind of gay marriage by killing everyone in sight - because homosexuality is abhorrent to christians, but apparently mass murder isn't. then there's some other crap thrown in about one of the gay couple's ex-wife trying to force him to remarry her at gunpoint. this leads to nothing, but provides us with one of the funniest lines of dialogue in the whole "film" - "i don't make sense? you don't make sense! that's who makes sense!". brilliant.then there's the acting, which is just atrocious. it must be seen to be believed. my personal favourite is the apparently stoned civil rights lawyer woman, who is clearly reading her lines off of something, yet still managing to mess them up. enough said. the gay couple couldn't be less convincing. there's the vaguely attractive and completely gormless guy, and his boyfriend who looks like that little cartoon dough man of the bisto adverts. only fatter. and less talented. the "film" has also been filmed by someone who is incapable of holding a camera even remotely still, and the number of mistakes throughout is amazing. the whole thing kicks off with the fat main guy in bed with a pair of boots on. yep.but anyways, we all know how terrible this thing is, so i'd like to highlight some of the most priceless comedy moments that the "film" provides. - when the fat guy sets the church on fire and then prances like a six year old girl across the car park to make his escape. hilarious.- mildread! no idea what relation she is to the main characters - sometimes they know her, sometimes they don't, but she pops up in a couple of scenes nonetheless. hilarious.- the stoned lawyer. already mentioned her, but she's so funny she's worth another mention.- the evil brothers dinner of crackers that he lays on for his guests.- the evil brother's anti-gay potion.- the evil brother's cats.- the ending, which i won't give away because it must be seen to be believed. i warn you though, make sure you're not eating at the time!!!! the tub of lard main character/director/producer gets naked. it's foul. basically, ben and arthur is indescribably bad, but unintentionally the most comical thing you'll see for a long time. literally, nothing is good about this excuse for a film, the goon of a director even manages to make the opening credits into a joke by writing his own name about 15 times.

as an actor i really like independent films but this one is amateur at best.the boys go to vermont for a civil service yet when the plane lands it flies over a palm tree - were the directors aware that palm trees are not in vermont? pines yes - palms no. and the same for the wedding service - again nice grove of palm trees.when the boys are leaving vt they apparently could not get a ticket on any major airline since the plane that is filmed is federal express. did they ship themselves overnight in a crate? come on guys little details like this separate an indi film from totally amateur.the christian brother is far gayer than arthur with his bleached hair and tribal band tattoo. the two should have switched roles.the minor characters are laughable and overact something terrible.applause to the directors for making a gay film but pay some attention to your locations and casting next time

this movie is just truly awful, the eye-candy that plays ben just can make up for everything else that is wrong with this movie.the writer/director/producer/lead actor etc probably had a good idea to create a movie dealing with the important issues of gay marriage, family acceptance, religion, homophobia, hate crimes and just about every other issue effecting a gay man of these times, but trying to ram every issue into such a poorly conceived film does little justice to any of these causes.the script is poor, the casting very ordinary, but the dialogue and acting is just woeful. the homo-hating brother is played by the most camp actor and there is absolutely no chemistry between the two lead actors (i think i've seen more passion in an corn flakes ad). the acting is stiff, and the dialogue forced (a scene where the brother is feeding the detective his lines was the highlight).i'm just pleased to see that the creator of this train wreck has not pushed any other rubbish out in to distribution, and if he is thinking of doing so, i have some advise - just don't do it.

let me first state that i enjoy watching "bad" movies. it's funny how some of these films leave more of a lasting impression than the truly superb ones. this film is bad in a disturbingly malicious way. this vehicle for sam mraovich's delusional ego doesn't just border on talentless ineptitude, it has redefined the very meaning of the words. this should forever be the barometer for bad movies. sort of the mendoza line for film. mr. mraovich writes, directs, and stars as blunt object arthur sailes battling scorned wives and the christian forces of evil as he and his partner ben "dead behind the eyes" sheets struggle for marital equality. as a libertarian i believe gays should have a right to get married. ben & arthur do more harm to that cause than an army of homophobes. the portrayal of all things christian are so ugly and ham-fisted, trademark mraovich, that you can't possibly take any of them seriously. arthur's brother victor, the bible toting jesus freak, is so horribly over-the-top evil/effeminately gay that you have to wonder how he was cast in this role. that's because sam "multitasking" mraovich was also casting director. the worst of it all is sam mraovich himself. when you think leading man do the words pasty, balding, and chubby come to mind? sam also delivers lines like domino's pizza, cold and usually wrong. the final tally: you suck at writing, directing, acting and casting. that's the ed wood quadruple crown. congratulations you horrible little man.

sam mraovich should never be allowed to touch a camera again. if he does he should be arrested on the spot...at the very least for petty larceny. anybody who pays even a dime to rent any of his garbage should file a claim and be compensated. this was innocently my first viewing of his "work"...and it will my last. ed wood looks awfully good to me right now.when i return this piece of crap to the video store, i will personally ask that it be taken off the shelf. an active supporter of gay cinema, i am incensed and angered that this warped, exceedingly untalented man-child be allowed to distribute and package something like this, with a coltish pretty boy on the cover (jamie brett gabel, who, thankfully, has no other acting credits in imdb) and an interesting synopsis on the back used as bait, and then market it as a "movie" rental. trust me, this has no place being on any rack anywhere; it is simply not a movie in any sense of the word. offensive, irresponsible junk such as this can only be detrimental to the efforts being made to promote and support gay cinema (hell, gay rights in general!) for those tempting to rent this out because of the cover, you will be disappointed. gabel is not as flattering to look at on film as he is on the cover, and he appears once or twice without a shirt -- that's it. instead, the homely mroavich inflicts on us his own disgusting, sorry-looking dough-boy nakedness.this "thing" he "assembled" is a reverse vanity project for mraovich. both he and his friend michael habousch (who, i understand, puts out similar sleazy garbage) are terrible in this. mraovich is purposely posing as a complete no-talent (in all fields), desperate to grab onto any "loser" attention he can for himself. he is to be pitied.

i have no idea what on earth, or beyond, could have possibly made sam mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project to undertake. ben & arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. in fact, i see no reason why it should not be at #1 on the bottom 100. for although i have not seen, for example, superbabies: baby geniuses 2 (#5 at the time of this publication), i would venture to guess that that film is considerably better than this oozing wound, because even in its vapid dismalness at least baby geniuses 2 was professionally made. by contrast, everything, and i do mean everything, in this film is completely unprofessional.the movie is intended to be an attack on the christian right's supposed bigotry and hatred toward gays. and i do emphasize "intended." not only does it completely and utterly fail at its purpose, it also leaves an ugly scar. instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggle against a society that largely opposes them, it creates tired, crass stereotypes of each party involved. ben and arthur, the namesake couple, are portrayed as two crude, sex-starved, and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts who marry when the laws change to allow them to do so. this meets with the opposition of ben's brother victor, a christian minister who, like all christians (as this movie would have us believe), is loud, prying, stupid, and violent. he tries to kill ben and arthur after his associations with them get him kicked out of the ministry. just like in real life. and if you think that's dreadful (it is), you haven't seen it all.the actors (?) here manage to completely destroy any vestige of credibility in this movie by saying their lines as if they were narrating a youtube home comedy video. but not even daniel day-lewis and marlon brando as the title characters could have saved this clunker, for there would still be the matter of the completely inane and laugh-inducing dialogue that fills every minute of the movie. every scene has at least one awkward or misplaced quote. for example, in one scene, victor tries to complain about not being able to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. but instead of portraying this idea clearly, he spits out the stupid, utterly confusing, whiny-sounding line, "you know what, i'm never going to have any nieces or nephews, okay, because you're so f***ed up!"even more glaring is the complete lack of production values. yes, i know this ain't the dark knight, but even amateur film makers should know some basics about special effects and editing. for example, six dots of red cake dye do not suffice for realistic bullet wounds. people do not teleport across a room between takes. and objects do not fall forward when shot! do not waste your money on ben & arthur. i don't care if you're 7, 17, or 107. i don't care if you're gay, straight, bi, or undecided. i don't care if you're "just curious." i don't care what pathetic reason you may have to be tempted to buy this dung-heap. stay away, far away. this movie's only redeeming quality is its ability to be used as a frisbee.

i was looking on imdbs bottom 100 because i thought id never seen anything as bad as plan 9 from outerspace or roller ball remake, i was wrong. ben and arthur has beaten both.this out of the many countless amount of movies i've seen is the number one worst film on the i ever saw. bad directing ,bad characters ,horrible acting ,horrible story there's a reason nobody but sam ever says anything positive about this film. sam was a horrible annoying actor but his directing was so bad he may just overthrow ed wood.the director should be ashamed of his work unfortunately i have to give it at least 1 star but it deserves - to be continued stars.

this film was the worst film i have ever viewed. it was like a "homework assignment" for a film class. it totally misses the mark when it comes to the "message" it is trying to relay. characters are over exaggerated, poor acting and as for a plot...well it is utterly ridiculous. the cover shot is what made me think it may be a decent film, the co-actor is handsome and that's about it. moral of this movie: never judge a movie by it's cover! save your time, money and energy and make your own home movie and you will be far better off than i. it was painful to watch and quite frankly i am surprised that anyone would spend money to make and distribute it!

ben & arthur could have been a 10. sam mraovich wrote, directed, stared, and produced this movie. sam should have given his idea to a good writer, director, and left the acting to somebody who could act. this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production. there was nobody to tell him, "sam this is bad, really bad".jamie brett gabel's acting was the only good point, but he could have been so much better with a good director, and better actors to work with. this movie is so bad i think sam mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie (twice). the acting and direction was so bad, this movie was turned into a comedy. you just had to laugh, and in the wrong places. a second good point....this would make a great date movie. after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date!

a woman asks for advice on the road to reach a mysterious town, and hears two ghoulish stories from the local weirdo, both zombie related. but perhaps fate has something nasty in store for her too...the zombie chronicles is absolutely one of the worst films i have ever seen. in fact i must confess, so bad was it i fast forwarded through most of the garbage. and there was a lot of that, believe me. it runs for just 69 minutes, and there is still tons of filler. you get some skinhead doing a lot of push ups, plenty of dull kissy-kissy scenes between goofy teens (that rhymed, tee hee) and some fine examples of why some people should never become actors.as for the title characters, they barely even have a footnote in the film. why, you get more undead action in the intro than you do the preceding feature! though, considering how pathetic the eyes bursting out of sockets and the eating of brains sequences are (amongst other 'delights'), maybe that's a blessing in disguise.and to top it all off, it looks likes it's been filmed on someone's mobile phone for broadcast on youtube. jerky camera-work, scratches on the print, flickering lights... i had to rub my eyes when i realised it was made in 2001, and not 1971. even the clothes and fashioned look about three decades out of date!if you think i'm not qualified to do a review of chronicles having not seen the whole film, then go ahead. you try sitting through it, i betcha you won't even make it to the first appearance of the blue-smartie coloured freaks before making your excuses and leaving. it is truly laughable that anyone chose to release it, and honestly you'll get far more fun resting your drink on the disc than actually torturing your dvd player with this gigglesome excuse for horror. in fact, don't for surprised if it packs it's bags and leaves in the morning, leaving you doomed to watch vhs tapes for the rest of your life. you have been warned... 0/10p.s what kind of 18-rated horror has the woman keep a massive sports bra on during the obligatory sex scene?! see, the movie can't even get that part right...

the zombie chronicles aspect ratio: 1.33:1 (nu-view 3-d)sound format: monowhilst searching for a (literal) ghost town in the middle of nowhere, a young reporter (emmy smith) picks up a grizzled hitchhiker (joseph haggerty) who tells her two stories involving flesh-eating zombies reputed to haunt the area.an absolute waste of time, hobbled from the outset by haggerty's painfully amateurish performance in a key role. worse still, the two stories which make up the bulk of the running time are utterly routine, made worse by indifferent performances and lackluster direction by brad sykes, previously responsible for the likes of camp blood (1999). this isn't a 'fun' movie in the sense that ed wood's movies are 'fun' (he, at least, believed in what he was doing and was sincere in his efforts, despite a lack of talent); sykes' home-made movies are, in fact, aggravating, boring and almost completely devoid of any redeeming virtue, and most viewers will feel justifiably angry and cheated by such unimaginative, badly-conceived junk. the 3-d format is utterly wasted here.

you have to admire brad sykes even if you don't particularly want to, a man who churns out budget horror after budget horror to less than enthusiastic receptions. but keeps on doing it all the same. even the half-hearted praise than surrounds his camp blood films is given grudgingly and i'm as guilty of this as anyone. brad normally manages to throw something interesting into the mix, a neat idea, a kooky character, whatever, but without the funds to take it further than base level, he relies on the audience to cut him some slack and appreciate it for what it is and what it could be. joe haggerty gives a spirited and very funny performance as ebenezer jackson and its a credit to sykes that he can sense that this oddball turn is going to work within the framework of the film. coming to a multiplex near you, in a parallel universe, somewhere.

..oh wait, i can! this movie is not for the typical film snob, unless you want to brush up on your typical cinematic definitions, like "continuity editing" and "geographic match". i couldn't tell where i was in this movie. one second they're in the present, next minute their supposedly in the 70's driving a modern suv and wearing what looked like to me as 80's style clothing. i think. i couldn't pay long enough attention to it since the acting was just horrible. i think it only got attention because it has a 3d which i did not watch. if you're a b-movie buff, and by b-movie i mean bad movie, then this film is for you. it's home-movie and all non-sense style will keep you laughing for as long as you can stay awake. if your tastes are more for goddard and antonioni, though, just skip this one.

i want to say the acting is bad, but i think it was the directing that made it so. i never thought much of highlander (same director) but that one could be blamed on the 80s.this one however, has no excuses. people get shot while exiting trenches with a man in front of him!? those kind of mistakes, along with an unclear time line, weird battle tactics, sub-par cutting and poor visual effects, makes this one a sub-par film over all.then like so many other have commented, all this american bullshit. the german general being practically scared of his captured american private. be prepared to swallow a lot of it, although in small doses.to sum it up, a not horrible but still definitely sub-par war movie in all aspects.

i usually read reviews before i watch a movie. guess what, i didn't do that before watching tlb, and i have to say i was very surprised to see the above average rating at imdb. i found it to have a total lack of story. you just get dropped into it (and, sadly, not in the way saving private ryan dropped us into the movie), and it also has a sudden end, which was very unsatisfying for me.i have to admit, the wounded soldiers looked pretty realistic to me, especially with the low budget in mind. but prepare yourself to have a laugh... some guys are being tossed through the air after an explosion as if they are olympic gymnasts. a mid-air corkscrew or somersault during ww i is a bit too much for me, especially when it's performed countless times during the movie...but the parts that really got me laughing until i almost cried were the scenes containing close combat. the screaming and shouting german voices...unbelievably funny. it seems as if they are spoken by one single actor / voice performer, because they all sound exactly the same, and it just sounds like a 'typical' german voice.i would absolutely not recommend this movie to anyone, except to people who just want to have some laughs because of the sad and corny quality of it.

how cynical are the writers, to pander so. i may be an american citizen, but i don't need to see other americans pat each other on the back for an hour and half in order to enjoy a film. i'm astonished that so few have commented on how utterly jingoistic, sentimental and trite the dialogue in this film really is. the historical inaccuracies of the film are not as gross and offensive as in "u-571" (which changes british submariners to american ones) but you still walk away feeling a little slimy. really, the germans in this film do nothing but admire the americans between battle scenes! how sad, unnecessary! i'd just like to say to the writers: it's obvious to many of us that you can't capture real people, with real problems, under real pressure, and that you've taken some very well tested shortcuts. lucky for you there will always be nationalist nutjobs to appreciate your sugar-coated tripe.

this book-based movie is truly awful, and a big disappointment. we've been waiting for this move over a month. many film reviewer were hopeful for it. also in newspapers and tv, it made big sense. when 29th april comes, many people regretfully noticed that movie is really awful. why? first of all story was so monotone. it has been many indefinite scenes, sometimes it's hard to realize what's going on. the actresses, out of hulya avsar, weren't harmonized with their roles, especially vildan atasever. she acts better in comedy films, in this movie, a kind of drama, she couldn't disposed of her previous role. and finally movie is too short, just 66 minutes.

interesting? hardly. the 'scientific evidence' the movie provides for its point (which is basicly that jews are a cancer) is so stupid and lame, it's almost laughable (if we didn't know what happened in that era).important? nah. i can't imagine germans (even at that horrid time) would like or believe this movie. compare it to riefenstahl's triumf des willens. now that was i movie i was impressed with. this is just silly garbage.'best' part is a scene from m (one of my all-time favorites) where (the jew, as the announcer so eloquently keeps reminding us) lorre plays a child-molester and murderer. in the eyes of these film-makers, only a depraved mind can do so. uh-huh. didn't know m was hitler's favorite movie, right?no, it's just plain stupid. even for it's nazi-propaganda genre. 2/10.

having seen "triumph of the will," i can only say this movie is ghastly, even measured against the historically low "standards" of the time. naturally it's all totally fabricated and prejudicial. this is what one would expect of 1930's german propaganda. unfortunately, the quality of the presentation, itself, is hackneyed and cheap. it's also so blatantly ridiculous that even contemporary germans must've left the theater holding their noses. in a genre renowned for its base appeal, lack of originality and unapologetic wrong-headedness, this film doesn't even qualify as "bad." it would have to improve significantly to attain that status!

i have not seen many low budget films i must admit, but this is the worst movie ever probably, the main character the old man talked like, he had a lobotomy and lost the power to speak more than one word every 5 seconds, a 5 year old could act better. the story had the most awful plot, and well the army guy had put what he thought was army like and then just went over the top, i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was, and hoped it was leading onto the real movie. i cant believe it was under the 2 night rental thing at blockbusters, instead of a please take this for free and get it out of our sight. i think there was one semi decent actor other than the woman, i think the only thing ok with the budget was the make up, but they show every important scene of the film in the beginning music bit. awful simply awful.

i hate this programme: not only is the very concept ludicrous, but it tries so hard to be feasible (something that was left out of similar "i confess" ending programmes like, muder: she wrote).sigh. why is it that the writers can't ever be intelligent enough in this programme to come up with evidence that would stick and win a decision in court?come on: after x-amount of years of the cases being unsolved, why must every suspect, every episode *confess* (damn it!) to a murder which would otherwise go unsolved?i bet all police wish that criminals were this good sportsmen: "aw, shucks, officer, you're a bright one - i guess if you've uncovered enough to convince yourself i did it, i may as well admit to it and make it easier for you in court. what can i say? it's a fair cop."absolute dog s**t and an insult to those of us with with enough brains to even have heard of i.q.

this program is really overrated. a detective like danny pino's hot-headed character would have been transferred to the "rubber gun squad" years ago. the whole squad is made up of sanctimonious egomaniacs who judge people whose actions go back decades by the standards of 2007. every vietnam veteran character they've ever had has turned out to be the killer, unless it was another vietnam veteran. there has only been one black murderer, and he was put up to it by his white boss. the only hispanic killer was a "race traitor" who killed another hispanic to frame a hispanic street kid for a crime that (naturally) two rich white kids committed. what a bunch of propaganda. hey,screenwriters: minorities and poor people commit murder too. only on this show are most murderers upper-class whites.what's more, the arrests of people in their 70s, 80s, and 90s for crimes they committed 50-60 years ago are a joke. no real-life da will push for murder one because it means the state will be stuck with their humongous medical bills until they finally kick. the state would be doing their families and insurance companies a favor. the prosecutor will just plead them to involuntary manslaughter and they won't serve a day. the only really old criminals who go to prison are either organized crime figures or ex-nazis, whose high-profile convictions boost da's careers.

i received this movie as a gift, i knew from the dvd cover, this movie are going to be bad.after not watching it for more than a year i finally watched it. what a pathetic movie….i almost didn't finish watching this bad movie,but it will be unfair of me to write a review without watching the complete movie.trust me when i say " this movie sucks" i am truly shocked that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed to make this pathetic movie, but it couldn't have cost more than $20 000 to produce this movie. all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera .about 15 people with no acting skills, a scrip that were written by a couple of drunk people.in the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter (tara woodley )run a suppose to be drunk man over on her way to report on a hunted town. he are completely unharmed. they went to a supposed to be abandon house ,but luckily for the it almost complete furnished and a bottle of liquor on the door step happens to be there. just for the supposed to be drunk man but all is not what it seems.then the supposed drunk man start telling tara ghost/zombies stories.the fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history.his storysgt. ben draper let one of his soldiers die of complete exhaustion (i think this is what happens)after letting the poor soldier private wilson do sit ups he let him dig a grave and then the soldier collapse ,ben draperburies him in a shallow grave.but sgt. ben draper are in for n big surprise. his wife/girl fiend knows about this and she and her lover kills sgt. ben draper to take revenge on private wilson.(next to the grave of the soldier he sort off murdered) the soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf.the twist ending were so lame.even if you like b horror movies, don't watch this movie

some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd century films released dozens of obscure italian and american movie that were great, but although hardgore released some fulci films amongst others, the bulk of their output is crap like the zombie chronicles.the only positive thing i can say about this film is that it's nowhere near as annoying as the stink of flesh. other than that, its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a lego house built by a whelk.it's been noted elsewhere, but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence, so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks, you've seen it all already.bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18,000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast (especially the hitchhiker, who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit), and kudos to hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like i was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip.awful, awful stuff. we've all made stuff like this when we've gotten a hold of a camera, but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere. avoid.

