a lot of other reviewers here, including many whose opinions i respect, hold this slice of european sleaze horror in high regard. personally, i didn't like it at all. its an incoherent attempt at a atmospheric period cross between sex and violence. jess franco at his best makes these kinds of films very well. unfortunately, the infamous exploitation filmmaker joe d'amato does not. d'amato's most well known films are infamous for their high gross-out quotient. this, an early film by him, doesn't have the constant disgusting scenes that his more notorious "anthropophagous" and "beyond the darkness" did. ultimately, its an incoherent film that doesn't manage to involve the viewer in any way. without the sleaze factor either, it becomes very boring. as i said, others have enjoyed this film, but i just found it to be a perfect example of incredibly lazy writing.there are a few pluses for the film. ewa aulin (from "candy") is in it, and she looks pretty hot and is often naked. however, cult film icon klaus kinski is completely wasted in a subplot with no connection to the main film. he seems bored with the role and doesn't have the manic intensity he does at his finest. the music score is nice and there are some brief moments of unintentionally funny gore. still, this is a pretentious and pointless film that manages to be incredibly boring. (3/10)

i saw this movie in its own time period, when having a baby out of wedlock not only ruined your life, but stamped your child as a bastard. in these days of 'single mothers' that may seem very far-fetched, but it was very true. and i'm not crazy about laughing at someone who is stammering, either. between these two problems i had difficulty finding this movie funny. at that time i didn't know who had directed it or what a marvelous reputation he had. i did know who betty hutton was, and she just made me nervous because she was so frenetic. i loved "bringing up baby", but i find this movie just embarrassing. i'm sure the punch at some church functions probably was spiked, but i was the one needing a drink after watching this again. the idea the girl would have to be drunk in order to 'get married' and get pregnant just added to the misery. an entire town could turn on you under these circumstances, so the outcome of this movie is really the funny part. of course, shoot me, i don't like "it's a wonderful life" either.

this very low budget comedy caper movie succeeds only in being low budget. dialog is dumbfoundingly stupid, chase scenes are uniformly boring, and most of the on-screen money seems to have been saved for a series of crashes and explosions in a parking lot during the film's last five minutes (a briefly glimpsed port-a-potty early in that scene is certain to wrecked and spew crap on the film's chief villain--no prop is here without a purpose). the whole film is depressingly reminiscent of those that occasionally came out of rodger corman's studio when he'd give a first time director a few bucks and a camera--but without the discipline corman would impose.

time spent watching this film was time wasted. i do not dislike science fiction. i do not reject any genre per se, since good work can be done in any genre. this film, however is not good work. i cannot fault the visuals (when not involving alien makeups), and the special effects are impressive. the story was not out-and-out bad, for a trekkish comic book. but the fx visuals were obviously where all the makers' interest/attention/money went. the direction alternated between sluggish and confusing (one was not at all sure exactly who was doing what and with what and to whom at at least one crucial juncture). the "acting" was mostly very bad indeed. there was no basis to most of the line readings besides a hint of "it was that way on the page and the director told me i was supposed to be mad/sad/scared/whatever. okay, so it was a sf series pilot. since when is that an excuse for correctable shoddiness in areas when should be regarded as essential to a dramatic medium. i'm astonished the pilot sold the series. or is the money also in the hands of technerds?

the real shame of "the gathering" is not in the bad acting, nor is it in the despicably shallow plot. the real shame is that it was far worse than the series it begun, even though it did have one main attraction: takashima. i would love to see laurel takashima in a room with susan ivanova, even for just five minutes. she has that sarcasm, that wit, that double-edged personality that is at once volatile and lovable. sadly, though, the "babylon 5" pilot movie has an incredibly dull story involving assassination. patricia tallman-- who never seriously returned to the series until much later-- fortunately got much better with age as lyta alexander, who here is little more than a whiny, tiresome telepath. i shall leave you with one final thought-- why is it that delenn looks like some sort of outer-space frog man (even though she is a woman)? thank heavens for the way the minbari looked later in the show.

you can give jms and the boys a pass on this one because they were at the beginning of their series and on a small budget, but the movie is still sub-par. dont get me wrong, b5 the series is by far the best tv series ever, but if i was an exec seeing this movie, i wouldnt have ordered the series. i dont like o'hare as an actor, the costumes are silly, and there are tons of cliches. the same can be said for most of the first season (with the exception of babylon squared and survivors); bruce immediately put a fire into the series and it went on to be an amazing spectacle. if you are a b5 fan and havent seen this movie, see it. if you arent a b5 fan, dont...you wont want to watch the series.

while i count myself as a fan of the babylon 5 television series, the original movie that introduced the series was a weak start. although many of the elements that would later mature and become much more compelling in the series are there, the pace of the gathering is slow, the makeup somewhat inadequate, and the plot confusing. worse, the characterization in the premiere episode is poor. although the ratings chart shows that many fans are willing to overlook these problems, i remember the gathering almost turned me off off what soon grew into a spectacular series.

i thought this movie seemed like a case study in how not to make a movie for the most part. since i am a filmmaker, i give it a 2 for consistency.the problems remain from beginning to end with the plot being extremely predictable using bits and pieces of most, if not all, previous successful war stories. the computer generated graphics were too much like viewing a video game at points and there seemed to be no attempt by the director to add some realistic quality to the story. i was interested in the budget to get an idea of what he had to work with, but did not find that information.it seemed like this project pushed the limits of a low budget movie too far resulting in a production that drags the viewer along with the story without their imagination being engaged. the actors weren't bad, but the plot needs more innovation.

wow. i have seen some really bad movies in my time, but this one truly takes the cake. it's the worst movie i've seen in the past decade - no exaggeration.as a us army veteran of the war in afghanistan, i found it nearly impossible to even finish watching this ridiculous film, not because it brought back memories - far from it - but because there was absolutely no attempt at "authenticity" to be found anywhere in the film. not so much as the tiniest little shred. it seemed like it had been written by an 8 year-old child who got all his notions of war (and soldierly behavior) straight out of comic books. the film was made in honduras, which should have been a clue, but even that can't fully explain the atrocious production values of this cliché-ridden piece of trash.i could try to list all the endless technical flaws, but it would take virtually forever. from the ancient unit shoulder patches which have not been seen or worn since wwii, and the character's name tags, like "colcollins" (worn by the character "colonel collins"), which was actually spelled using the reversed, mirror-image "n" of the russian alphabet (not the us alphabet) the list just goes on and on. the uniforms, the equipment, the plot, and most especially the behavior of the characters themselves -- every single scene was just chock-full of ridiculous flaws, inaccuracies and utterly mindless clichés.neither the storyline itself nor the characters were the least bit credible or believable. it was all laughably childish, in the extreme. this was obviously a movie that was meant to appeal strictly to pre-pubescent boys, and i have little doubt that even they would find this film utterly absurd.in short, this film has absolutely no redeeming qualities at all. it's a total waste of time. i'd strongly advise anybody reading this to pass this garbage by; it's truly not worth wasting a single moment of your time for.

i tried to watch this movie in a military camp during an overseas mission, and let me tell you, you'll watch anything under those circumstances. not this piece of sh*t though.the first five minutes set the tone by weak porn-movie quality acting, weird out-of-the-blue plot twists and unbelievable situations and behavior. it gets worse after that. this movie does not have one single saving grace, and yet it is not bad in a way that would make it funny to watch. it's just horrible. i've seen quite many movies in my life and i'm not one of those snobby know-all critics, i mean i'll enjoy most movies to some extent even if they're bad. this one... man.steer _well_ clear of this one, my friend.

dont let the mpaa fool you with their "rated r for extreme violence" there is definatly no extreme violence in this boring peice of s*t. i expected some cheap rambo 3 type action that the trailer promised, however its just boring boring nonsense with tons of lame slow mo flashbacks that make no sense. avoid!

my wife is a fanatic as regards this show. that being the case i bought her seasons one through three and season four is on order. i personally think the show is one big farce the cast is equally bad. alyssa milano should have stuck to the other trash movies she made such as poison ivy, embrace of the vampire to name a few, the other female supporting cast members are equally inept in their portrayals. i've seen better special effects in the old republic pictures serials i saw as a child. i can understand why the male leads remained on the show for such short periods of time even though i don't know if it was their own choosing or not. please. please don't renew for another season as enough is enough, bob

***slight spoilers***a hunchback 15-year-old boy kisses a very cute 15-year-old girl and eventually he has sex for the first time. after the act, he lays in the bed with her not touching her. the next day he concludes that he does not like sex much and does not want to try it again for at least a few years.this is seemingly a fine opening for a teleplay about a boy discovering his homosexuality, or perhaps a medical drama about a post-pubescent teen with a severe hormone deficiency.however, as the plot develops what emerges is a story of a 15-year-old father who is supported and encouraged by his overbearing mother.at one point, his mother preaches to her co-workers who are not as understanding as they might be, "every step of the way in this, my son has been amazing... i have never been more proud of him..."the young father's older sister, who otherwise is cold towards her brother, begins to show pride in her sibling, "you have been cool about this," as she gives him an encouraging warm hug.the 15-year-old father wants to be a father. he wants to be a parent.why not? we see the "new" baby a few minutes after birth -- it appears to be a healthy, happy 4-month-old infant. just as babies were born on tv in the 1960's and 1970's.once the young father is a parent, he has found happiness. he insists he will be the one to change the dirty diaper. we see the 15-year-old father sincerely happy holding his baby while the teen's busy=body mother is peaking over his shoulder. fade to black.

i had been subjected to this movie for a relationship class in my school. as figured it was nothing captivating and nothing new. though it tries to be original by focusing on the teen father instead of the mother showing the problems that the dad would go through. it had an interesting side to it but it just doesn't live up to its originality due to the fact nothing else in this movie was original. we have the main character who has the older sister who like in every other movie like this has a thing against him, we have the stay at home mother who expects too much and when he gives more she feels offended and leaves him in the dust, then we have the father who is always gone. then the girls side we have the parents who want everything and expect her to be perfect at all she does. on to the story like i said it was interesting but the lack of good acting from the entire cast and the lack of any good writing or storytelling. everything about this fell into cliché the little nerd kid in school starts studying with girl, they get together, have sex and then boom we have a little kid. perhaps it could've been better had the writing been well better and had the acting been improved i've seriously gotten more emotion out of leatherface and his chainsaw than i did out of any actor in this film and that's pretty bad seeing as the leatherface movies are crap and horridly acted. so far the only interesting teen pregnancy movie i've seen was juno. so far the comical side of this serious situation has proved more entertaining while still giving the same message. like i said the idea was original most of these films focus on the teen mother but this one chose not to instead it focuses on the drama of the father but again the originality does not save this movie from mediocrity. i really hope someone decides to either re-make this movie with a better cast and a better writer or just make another similar film because this one was wasted potential.

with the exception of family, this new season is worse than season one. i can't imagine what they are thinking. as a fan of horror, can tolerate a lot of gore and mindless mayhem, but this series gets worse with each outing. i can't imagine how disheartening it must be for the actors and crew to go to work each day, toiling to churn out such crap. story! is that too much to ask for? character! how can we give damn about the fate of anyone in these stories? if we are not engaged, who cares if they get carved up or whatever? almost every episode ends with mindless blood letting, going for gross out shock without any sense of revelation or conclusion or reason why we have been subjected to an hour of bloodletting. even dante's effort this season had some disturbing sexist violence and wandered off to a pointless conclusion. ironically, the production values and performances tend to be up to speed, while the content is utter crap. i have great hopes for exec producer's garris's valarie under the stairs, but we shall see.

honestly,the concept behind "masters of horror" had something going for it. big-time horror directors that are now left aside by the industry being given a chance to direct horror again, i was all for it from the start. that is, until i watched some episodes... oh boy, it's really bad tv. not only does it seem like the directors are being given very little budgets to direct their skits, but there seems to be guidelines as well, like shooting in hd for example. to make a long story short, it's bad both for artistic and reasons financial reasons. i cannot help but compare to the "tales from the crypt", and the m.o.h. episodes really don't stand the comparison. tftc was good, moh is bad; according to me here are a few keys to explain it: tftc was shorter (around 25 minutes for each episode) than moh (50 minutes per episode), i believe it allowed denser screenplays, with good ideas reoccurring more often, better overview of an episode, less chances to let the plot be confusing or boring. duration might have been also the reason why the budget was better spent on tftc: directors got to have real film music composers (composers on moh are if inexistent, very bad), real actors (whereas on moh it's nothing but unknown actor after unknown actor!), real directors of photography and, it can help sometimes, real film cameras (while moh is shot on hd cameras with very wrongly chosen lens-pieces), the result of which being that the episodes of tftc looked and felt "cinematographic" in the sense that there was real actors being casted, ranging from michael j. fox to tim roth to kyle mclachlan to kirk douglas, but there were also film composers behind it, of the range of alan silvestri, great directors of photography like dean cundey, high-end screenplay writers, and in that sense each "tale" was a little movie of its own true kind. compared to tftc, the "masters of horrors" is quite a lame approach to tv horror. it's very hard to stand looking at it if your standards regarding cinematography are just a little above average, because it looks the same as any ugly tv serial, if not worse. it gets boring and even annoying incredibly fast, within the first 10 minutes usually. the actors are never-heard before wannabes (except for fairuza balk, robert englund, angela bettis and a few, but even there, they are the only famous actors of their episodes). the director base for moh was good in the beginning, but it's getting worst and worst with every episode: now if even the directors are unknown to the world, what remains? nothing! and it's funny how they are starting to have complete unknown directors while they haven't even had, say, stan winston, dick maas, william lustig, sam raimi, eric red, robert harmon, william friedkin, jim muro, stuart gordon, russell mulcahy... if even "masters of horror" cannot bring dead directors back to life, who will? maybe a rerun of tales from the crypt will.

i was very excited when this series premiered in 2005. the premise was very simple and appealing: each episode would be a one-hour mini movie directed by a famous, noteworthy horror director. then, when i finally watched them it was a bit of a letdown. some good episodes emerged from that first season, but all in all it was a mixed bag. i attributed it to the learning curve, and figured that season 2 would be a whole lot better.boy, was i in for a shock. at least season one had a few good stories here and there. season 2 (with the exception of "the black cat" starring the excellent jeffrey combs) was a complete and total loss to me. the episode "sounds like" may very well be the worst thing i have watched on tv in the last 10 years, and most of the other episodes aren't much better. i really hope that season 3 turns this around next year, but i'm not holding my breath.

some of the filmmakers who are participating in this series have made some really great films but they sure as heck are not showing much skill with this series. particularly the writing. ok, the first season was somewhat better but these new episodes they are creating just stink. i'm a huge fan of horror and in my opinion the vast majority of these episodes are total garbage. nothing new or genuinely interesting. few of them are visually creative. it's just typical fabricated hollywood crap, uninteresting, childish, poorly conceived and in some cases, flat out laughable. much like tales from the crypt the only good thing this series has been offering is great nudity! other then that this series blows hard. i get the impression sometimes that they hired a bunch of eighth-graders to write the episodes. maybe they did.

horror fans (i'm speaking to the over 12's, although if you're under 12 i apologise for what you might deem an insult): in short, if you appreciate having your imagination disturbed by well written, original storytelling, punctuated by unpredictable well planted scares, and delivered via convincing performances, then i can heartily recommend - avoiding these steamers - made by directors who have apparently long since past their sell by date. it's no accident that almost every episode feels as if it were made in the 1980's. not to put blame squarely on the shoulders of some of these old boys (or indeed the 80's) because where would we be without certain movies from the likes of argento, carpenter, landis, dante and barker (actually clive, wtf are you doing in there?! glad to see romero had the good sense to give it a miss as i'm sure he was asked to partake...). more perhaps we should point the finger at creator mick garris whose credentials include the logic defying and depressingly ill-advised tv remake of stanley kubrick's masterpiece 'the shining'.perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today. are we so starved of good tv horror that we applaud any old sloppy schlock that the networks excrete onto our sets? sadly, maybe so.normally i wouldn't see the point of adding a comment that doesn't argue the faults and merits of a production, i'd just rate it accordingly. however, as this series is woefully lacking in any merit (with perhaps the sole exception of the theme tune) i write this as more of a warning than a review: don't waste your time and money. if you disagree with me then it's more than likely that you haven't seen enough decent horror. perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start, but if these 'masters' of horror were being assessed on these works alone, they'd never have been allowed to graduate with even their bachelor's degree. unless of course they were studying for a degree from the university of s**t.

according to imdb takashi miike's master of horror-segment, imprint, was banned in the us. so i figured i'd translate the swedish review i just wrote for it...it was hard to not have any sort of expectations from ichi the killer-director takashi miike's episode in the masters of horror series. and the dvd-cover of imprint did in deed look very promising.the story mostly takes place in a remote japanese bordello, some time during the 19th century, and it tells the tale of a journalist searching for komomo, the woman he left behind and whom he promised to return for. tired and dejected he arrives at the bordello, hoping that this will be the end of his very long journey. it turns out that one of the prostitutes, a deformed and quiet girl, know about komomo, and the desperate man makes her tell him where she is and what has happened to her since he left. the story she tells him is as deplorable as it is hard to swallow...the first thing that hit me about the episode was how unnatural it seemed that the japanese cast for the most part spoke fluent american-english. but i will leave it at that, it's not that big a deal. what is a big deal however is how miserable the rest of it was. miike's tale moves at such a slow pace that i couldn't help looking at my watch several times during the 63 minutes. the extended torure-scene, that takes place somewhere in the middle of the movie, felt so unmotivated - and pornographically intrusive - that not even that scene became interesting. i felt like it was violent just for the sake of violence itself - with no sense of style or purpose. the only scenes that provoked any kind of emotion out of me were the images of bloody fetuses rolling along the bottom of the swiftly flowing water...and, in all honesty, the only emotions they provoked were feelings of disgust.the journalist seeking the love he left behind is played by billy drago, for me most memorable as frank nitti - al capones whiteclad assassin in brian de palmas the untouchables (1987). i've always found dragos portrayal of nitti to be very icy (and i mean that in a good way), and that is probably why i was almost annoyed when i found him to be so terrible (not in a good way) in this one. his acting seems to flow between no feelings or empathy whatsoever to displays of some really bad overacting. when his character is supposed to react to the awful things komomo has been subjected to i was sitting in the sofa, twisting and turning in an attempt to escape the horrible actingjob put forth by drago. i'm grateful that most of the story is told by yuoki kudoh (memoirs of a geisha, 2005), who plays the deformed prostitute.the finale is probably supposed to be chocking, maybe even revolting and horrid, but i just found it to be kind of...you know... "blah" (and i looked at my watch again, for the umptieth time, just wishing the crappy episode would end). maybe the finale caused me to smile just a bit, but that's only because i couldn't help thinking of an episode of red dwarf, and the upside-down chins of craig charles and danny john-jules, with eyes glued on them to make them look like aliens... lucky you, if you've seen that episode and now decide to see imprint, i will forever have ruined the visuals of the ending for you.my first thought, when imprint finally ended, was that the only thing that made the pain of watching it worth it, was hearing the main title theme by edward shearmur (the same music i believe is used in every episode of this series), and that - if anything - is a big friggin warning, don't you think?one might point to the costume design, by michiko kitamura, and say that there, at least, is something not lacking in style and refinement...but there are so many other films and tv-shows that is so much better at showing off the japanese "geisha-fashion". this is nothing but inferior and i am disappointed. takashi miike's masters of horror-episode is boring, uninspiring and pointless. in other words; it's really, really bad!

i saw this last week after picking up the dvd cheap. i had wanted to see it for ages, finding the plot outline very intriguing. so my disappointment was great, to say the least. i thought the lead actor was very flat. this kind of part required a performance like johny depp's in the ninth gate (of which this is almost a complete rip-off), but i guess tv budgets don't always stretch to this kind of acting ability.i also the thought the direction was confused and dull, serving only to remind me that carpenter hasn't done a decent movie since in the mouth of madness. as for the story - well, i was disappointed there as well! there was no way it could meet my expectation i guess, but i thought the payoff and explanation was poor, and the way he finally got the film anti-climactic to say the least.this was written by one of the main contributors to aicn, and you can tell he does love his cinema, but i would have liked a better result from such a good initial premise.i took the dvd back to the store the same day!

there was not one original idea in this story. themes were pulled from various sources; a few being the ninth gate, in the mouth of madness (another carpenter film), and the ring. it even went as far as featuring the same damn glowing circle from the ring and using it as the film's namesake. the soundtrack by cody carpenter was all but lifted from suspiria. hopefully no one will oppose this comment by spewing the word homage around. yes, i saw that the theater was playing argento's deep red. claiming an homage would be a bullshit cop-out. this was bottom-of-the-barrel. throwing gore and "disturbing" imagery into the pot does not make a good horror film. carpenter used to know that. he should fade into obscurity or acquire a time machine.

at first i was convinced that this was a made-for-tv movie that wasn't worthy of primetime. but after a few minutes of dumb-struck awe, i realized that there was at least comic value in the over-the-top stunts and c-movie acting. this movie would have gotten a 1 if my wife and i hadn't laughed so hard as we watched it in wonder that the actors could keep a straight face. it was like a less-funny spy version of the big hit (i laughed so much i actually bought the big hit dvd) with even-worse acting. we were disappointed that nick chose to marry elena, and not jim, after all of the hugging and high-fives. a few rum and cokes will definitely help it go down easier.

i'm sorry to say this, but the acting in this film is horrible. the dialogue sounds as if they are reading their lines for the first time ever. perhaps i got the "dress rehearsal" version by mistake. the director over-uses slow motion during special effects perhaps as an attempt to compensate for the poor performance of the actors themselves. the story is pretty well written, and the fight sequences are actually better than i have seen in many action films. the fights seem pretty real. but all of this happens while to two leading actors time and time again miraculously survive incredible amounts of point-blank automatic weapon fire, grenades, morter rounds, and bazookas. the enemy soldiers are definitely some of the worst shots i have ever seen, especially when they have the escaping truck in their sights from about 30 yards, and every bazooka shot is wide by at least 50 feet. those bazookas need serious site calibration.

the only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic. everyone in this movie looks like a porn industry drop out. i have actually seen better acting in low budget porn. i though i had actually rented some kind of gay porn after this classic scene: jim: watch your ass nick: you watch yours (together): i wont leave you behind!the first action sequence shows how awful the production is, but its really kind of funny: good guys have transformer weapons! in one scene, they all have fake hk mp5 sub-machine guns. next scene, ak-47 replicas! and then, to top it all off, they do some weapon swapping between scenes with a couple of m-16s!! i think they had a budget shortage for guns, not enough to go around between the good guys and bad guys. fight scenes are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell. you have to remove the pin/spoon from a grenade for it to explode on its own. you can't fire a shoulder launched missile of any kind while riding inside a helicopter. weapons that you throw away don't suddenly re-appear. when a gun is out of bullets, throwing it away is still pretty stupid. unless you have no idea how to reload them.. big slow trucks driving around in first gear make for awkward action scenes. i really cant believe movies like this are actually produced. this movie would be hilarious on nitrous oxide or maybe just drunk.

early, heavy, war-time propaganda short urging people to be careful with their spending practices, in effort to prevent any runaway inflation.using scare, guilt and patriotic jingoistic rhetoric, which was normal for the time, the government was concern that the sudden war-time production and therefore wage increase and subsequent spending practices if not checked could cause serious problems during and after the war.it truly is a window into the past, historically and culturally.

in spite of having some exciting (and daring) sequences, nbtn just never gets going. there are exploding boats, hat pin murders, mass suicides, pathologists with body parts, and all sorts of classic mystery/horror scenes, but they're interspersed with extended periods of pure exposition. everybody in the movie looks bored. this is a shame because many of the sequences would be considered daring at the time this was filmed.add to this the "too-proper" brit characters and you feel like you've drifted into a sherlock holmes movie.finally, the cinematography is very ordinary. there are lots of opportunities for beautiful shots of of the countryside, or complex shots of someone being pulled into a huge bonfire, but the whole thing is unimaginative and dull.definitely only for lee and cushing fans.

a very tired looking burt reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non-heroes plan to sell to "the iranians." low-rent video nonsense by the producers of "silk stalkings" offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged "drama"...a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects, although the final twists and allegiance shifts could've been a nifty end to a better movie. burt still has presence, although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half-baked "one-liners".

about three minutes into this thing i started fast-forwarding, pausing only during the nudity (why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women?). in ten minutes i was done, and wishing i could get my money back from the rental store. the people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the mpaa. come on writers - the bad guys always get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy's remote control! that's the way its been done since the days of the ottoman empire! also, to add insult to injury, the "twist" at the end was so formulaic, that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years. burt reynolds was fine, but he should concentrate on real movies.this movie is just a waste of time - run away! run away!

i am a big 1930's movie fan and will watch most anything that i see on turner classic movies thats new for me. so i gave this a shot, after all it's the great harold lloyd who rivaled chaplin as a great silent film comedian. i have watched much less of lloyd's silent films then of chaplins but i have to say i'm a much bigger chaplin fan. anyway this film fell so flat for me that i didn't finish it. i can understand why his sound career was so limited, he didn't get very good material to work with. after you've seen chaplin, abbott and costello, the three stooges, martin and lewis, the marx brothers, and laurel and hardy do boxing spoofs (or violence in general), this one is very forgettable. i was also interested in watching adolphe menjou as i really enjoyed him in paths of glory but his role here also did nothing special for me. maybe they should have gotten into the boxing sooner because at least half the film (at least it seemed that way) is before he gets in a ring. i can tell there are a lot of lloyd fans here and this wont be a popular review but i must rate this as compared to what else was out there at the time, 4 out of 10. don't watch this with anyone your trying to get to like old movies as they may not watch another one with you again, very flat. for an alternative to anyone who really liked this or is looking for more little known comedies in general i recommend "kelly the second" made a few years earlier, another nobody becomes a boxer comedy with patsy kelly and in a supporting role charles chase. these have both been shown on the turner classic movies channel.

don't get fooled with all the big names like burt reynolds,james woods and anne archer. they are just glorified extra's. their scenes were probably filmed in one day or so. whatever their motives for being in this movie, if you have an actor like james woods you better make good use of him. to me this is a sign of bad direction through and through. the plot itself wasn't that bad. and the acting from most of the actors was above average. cuba gooding jr. however was terrible. he was so unbelievable that i almost laughed at his dramatic scenes. and since this was meant as a serious movie that can't be a good thing. the action scenes were not bad,but they lacked that special punch to make it more exciting. again better direction was needed. also the pacing was wrong for a movie like this. it took the main character almost half an hour to get in action. for an action thriller of only 90 minutes that is far too slow. the only redeeming factor is angie harmon. she does her best to make it all work. too bad the director left her hanging. yes,this movie could have been much better with a great director. andy cheng is far too inexperienced as a director to pull it off. and for an action/stunt coordinator of his caliber you'd expect at least more exciting action scenes. don't waste your time with this one. avoid!

this movie had some great actors in it! unfortunately they had forgotten how to act. i was hoping the movie would get better as it went along but the acting was so robotic it was doomed from the very start. it actually appeared that maybe the actors were reading from a script the whole time. maybe it was the musical score or the director himself, but one thing is for sure the make-up artist needs to get another job ! the facial powder was so thick you could see it caked on the actors faces ! would not recommend this movie to anyone, no wonder it never hit the theaters. cuba gooding jr. / james woods shame on you guys for not giving it your all. the plot was great just needed a whole lot more.

an ensemble of uninteresting and unlikeable characters twist and turn their way through a flimsy plot that might be interesting, if only you could bring yourself to care. this "twisting and turning" i speak of refers not to the story (which contains all the suspense of a recipe for tuna casserole) but to the director's inability to keep the characters' faces even remotely centered in the frame. on the other hand, angie harmon has very nice nostrils and left ear.the only real surprise in the movie is the big names they convinced to do it. when you consider this movie was never released in theaters despite having an all-star cast, you might be inclined to think something stinks.and indeed, it does.

flat characters that you do not and never will care about. cringe-inducing dialogue at places. no twists (they think they have one, but if you didn't figure it out after about 40mins you're not too bright). lots of well know actors in roles and performances that, fortunately for everyone involved, will be forgotten as soon as the end credits roll.i don't mind 'slow' movies, but they've got to be going _somewhere_. this one doesn't.the plot wasn't what made this a direct-to-dvd movie, that's just a rather convenient excuse to try and drum up some fake controversy.the as-of-writing 37(!) ten (10) ratings must be from people involved with the production.

mst 3000 should do this movie. it is the worst acted movie i have ever seen. first of all, you find out that the shooter has no bank account and no history since leaving the army in 1993 and pays his rent in cash. there is no way in hell that a person like that would ever be allowed to be that close to a president not to mention a high profile job. also, the head of security for the pothus would not be so emotional that he would start drinking into a haze if the president was shot. this movie sucked. i cannot express the extremite that this movie was. every single actor was terrible. even the chick at the trailer park. i crap on this garbage. what a waste of time.

it had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance. the plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie i felt like a sucker for watching it. the production was good; however, the script and acting were b-movie quality. the casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors. the good actors didn't hold their own nor did they lift up the others. this movie is not worthy of more words, but i will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines. james wood and cuba gooding, jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies. if you are looking for mindless entertainment, i still wouldn't recommend this movie.

this movie was like a bad indie with a-list talent. the plot was silly, all the way to the end. it reminded me very much of something churned out for the home video market in the 1980's. i would have given it a one, but there were brief moments when you could see the actors really really straining to make this worthwhile. i think the worst thing was the underwater scene's held off of the dock. the underwater lighting seemed to come from no were, and whenever someone we were supposed to care about was close to running out of air, this air tank would kind of appear. i would avoid this, unless there is nothing else on the shelf. good day.

the first half of this version was the best i've seen (and i think i've seen every version of jane eyre ever made). the development of jane's childhood and character were exceptional. then, it was as though someone said "uh oh, this is running too long," and hacked the rest of the story to shreds. the major scenes, when included at all, are glossed over, combined, and put out of order in such a way that they completely change the storyline. there was so little transition or even scene development that it would be difficult for anyone not familiar with the story even to follow. the big disappointment was that the beginning opened so much hope, and then the end dashed it.

as a "jane eyre" fan i was excited when this movie came out. "at last," i thought, "someone will make this book into a movie following the story actually written by the author." wrong!!! if the casting director was intending to cast a "jane" who was plain he certainly succeeded. however, surely he could have found one who could also act. where was the tension between jane and rochester? where was the spooky suspense of the novel when the laughter floated into the night seemingly from nowhere? where was the sparkle of the child who flirted and danced like her mother? finally, why was the plot changed at the end? one wonders whether the screenwriters had actually read the book. what a disappointment

hopalong cassidy with a horse who is not white & not named topper? go figure!this travesty does a gross injustice to the greatest of all cowboy heroes, hopalong cassidy. the actor who plays him is young versus old, blond haired versus white haired and kills people versus shooting the gun out of their hands. will the real hopalong please stand up!one of the worst movies ever made &,believe it or not, by the person who brought us the grandfather saga!

in this day and age of incredible special movie effects, this one was a sore disappointment. the actors seemed stiff and uninspired, as was the dialogue. westerns are not common fare for hollywood so much these days, but movies like "silverado" prove that somebody out there still knows how to make a good one. considering that, it is hard to conceive that anyone would go to any expense at all in releasing, much less creating such a weak film as this one. if you love and are looking for a good western, keep looking!

we saw this on the shelf at the local video store, saw "coppola" in the credits and got excited. that was the one and only time this movie raised any interest. i could never quite work out if it was an attempt at a humourous film that failed miserably, or an attempt at a serious film that failed miserably. in general, the entire production seemed incredibly amatuerish. the sound in particular was absolutely dreadful, especially in the scenes shot in the little bar; the dialogue was so corny in parts it was unbelievable. very disappointing.

this movie appears to have been an on the job training exercise for the coppola family. it doesn't seem to know whether to be an "a" or a "b" western. i mean, the hero is called hopalong cassidy for god's sake. william boyd must be spinning in his grave.all the "b" western cliches are here. the two-gun pearly toothed hero in the white hat with the trusty steed ("c'mon thunder"), the all-in-black bearded villain, the heroine in distress, the rancher in trouble, the cowardly sheriff, over the top bad guys etc.the acting, with few exceptions, is strictly from the yakima canutt school of acting. chris lybbert (who?) as the hero and louis schweibert (who?) as the villain look like they would have been more at home in a 30's poverty row quickie. the addition to the cast of veteran performers martin sheen, robert carradine, clu gulager and will hutchins helps a little, but they are not given enough to do to salvage this one.what was the point of the martin sheen/robert carradine framing sequences? are we to believe that the sheen character was a ghost? what was the purpose of the black gloves? it just didn't make sense.being a great lover of westerns from all genres, i tried hard to find some redeeming qualities in this film. the cinematography was quite good and the settings looked very authentic. aside from the hero and main villain, the other characters looked authentic.if the producers were going to resurrect the hopalong cassidy character, they might have given some thought to portraying him as he was originally written - a grizzled foul-mouthed ranch hand with a chip on his shoulder, the kind of part lee marvin would have excelled in.what else can i say but..on thunder, on big fellow.

i don't know what this movie is about, really. it's like a student's art school project. they never say why the world is dark, but it is always darkness except for seconds a day. there are long, interrupting shots of insects of all sorts for no reason. what little dialogue there is in the movie is as inane and nonsensical as the images. a black woman enters the main character's apartment. somehow she becomes pregnant overnight, then gets shot in the head. the main character takes care of the body until it becomes a cocoon after which a white naked woman emerges. i have never been so blown away by how bad and pointless a movie can be. honestly, i would like someone to watch it so they can tell me what they think it's about. but i wouldn't wish this level of hell on anybody else.

i was really horrified by this eerie movie. what an unusual dark atmosphere. and such a creepy musical score. really promising! indeed, after ten minutes you really start sweating, and feeling uncomfortable, for you start fearing the worst. this movie has the atmosphere of a true nightmare, and what's worse-it all comes out. for one hour and a half i have been trying to fight complete boredom and falling asleep, but the monstrous soundtrack kept me awake. nuit noire is a truly horrifying picture - for your eyes, your ears, your intelligence, and most of all: your wallet, since the thought of spending precious money on a movie ticket for this cheap amateuristic homevideo is the biggest horror of all.

even if this film was allegedly a joke in response to critics it's still an awful film. if one is going to commit to that sort of thing at least make it a good joke.....first off, jeroen krabbé is i guess the poor man's gerard depardieu.....naturally i hate gerard depardieu even though he was very funny in the 'iron mask' three musketeer one. otherwise to me he is box office poison and jeroen krabbé is worse than that. the poor man's box office poison....really that is not being fair to the economically disenfranchised. if the '4th man' is supposed to be some sort of critique of the bourgeoisie....what am i saying? it isn't. let's just say hypothetically, if it was supposed to be, it wasn't sharp enough. satire is a tricky thing....if it isn't sharp enough the viewer becomes the butt of the joke instead......i think that is what happened. the story just ends up as a bunch of miserable disgusting characters doing nothing that anyone would care about and not in an interesting way either.....(for a more interesting and worthwhile application see any luis bunuel film....very sharp satire)[potential spoiler alert]really, the blow job in the cemetery that jeroen krabbé's character works so so hard to attain.... do you even care? is it funny? since mr. voerhoven is supposed to be a good film maker i will give him the benefit of the doubt and assume it was some misanthropic joke that got out of control.....though i'm guessing he didn't cast jeroen krabbé because he's the worst actor and every character he's played has been a pretentious bourgeois ass.... except he's incompetent at it. so it becomes like a weird caricature. do you think mr. voerhoven did that on purpose? and jeroen krabbé is the butt of the joke as well? i just don't see it...... so you understand the dilemma i'm faced with here right? it is the worst film ever because he's supposed to be a good director. so there is some kind of dupery involved. i knew 'patch adams' was horrible without even seeing it. do not be duped by 'the 4th man"s deceptively alluring packaging or mr. voerhoven's reputation as a good director etc. etc.

unashamedly ambitious sci-fi from kerry conran, for whom this is clearly a labour of love. unfortunately it's just not that good. it all starts well enough - with an epic but restrained score, a mixture of lucas and hitchcock style editing and the glossy cinematography of a spielberg. the movie also references many pulp sci-fi novels, serials and films as diverse as the day the earth stood still, superman, metropolis, planet of the apes, the iron giant, star wars and the spy who loved me. the film however, fails to be as good as any one of those for several reasons: the main being that it's such a labour of love, so concerned with throwing everything at the screen and creating a brave new world, conran actually forgets about making a movie. there is little to no tension, atmosphere or magic on offer here despite aerial battles, dinosaurs and race-against-time set-pieces. even the noir elements fall flat. this is a broad way of looking at things though - those elements mainly fail because nothing feels at all real and is so obviously fake - the green-screen just looks like a video game half the time and it's obvious the actors have been pasted on afterwards. the actors don't get to do much either - jude law is wooden, gwyneth paltrow is annoying and stupid, angelina jolie is wasted - and it's all because of an awful script - the sort that has to explain nearly everything. it is a decent experience and some might get a nostalgia feel but ultimately this is a pointless step into the world of yesterday. nice ending though.

if you are looking for eye candy, you may enjoy sky captain. sky captain is just a video game injected with live performers. the visials are nice and interesting to look at during the entire movie. now, saying that, the visuals are the only thing good in sky captain.after ten minutes, i knew i was watching one of the worse movies of all time. i was hoping this movie would get better, but it never achieved any degree of interest. after thirty minutes, the urge to walk out kept growing and growing. now, i own over 2000 movies and have seen probably five times that number. yet, this is only the second movie i felt like walking out of my entire life.acting---there is none. the three main performers are pitiful. jude law (also in the other movie i wanted to walk out on) is just awful in the title role. i would rather sit through ben affleck in gigli than watch law again.paltrow tries so hard to be campy, that it backfires in her face. the last article i had read said that paltrow is thinking of staying home and being a mother rather than acting. after this performance, i would applaud that decision.story---soap operas are better written. the story behind sky captain starts out bad and gets continually worse as it progresses.directing---none. everything was put into the special effects that story, acting and directing suffer greatly. even "the phantom menace" had better acting and that is not saying a great deal.i would have to give this movie a "0" out of "10". avoid paying theatre prices and wait until video release.

i saw this movie last month at a free sneak preview and i walked out. it was pretty horrible. in the process of trying too hard, they over acted and made a horrible movie. i was disappointed since i felt all the actors had made respectable choices in the past so this one couldn't be that far off the mark--but, i was wrong. i was hoping they would give out a survey at the end of the movie so i could tell them not to release this movie. i was lured in by the free aspect of the preview, but it turned out to be a waste of my time--and, usually, i'm very easily amused. it tried to be innovative and creative with the shots, ideas and filming, but because they threw together so many ideas at once, it failed. i'm not usually picky about movies and i usually don't feel the need to display my opinions about movies, but i had to warn everyone not to watch it. i registered on imdb just to tell all of you guys

in short, this movie is completely worthless.the idea is to make movie from the point of view of what someone from the early 1900s might think of the future. an interesting idea, but the lack of compelling story or characters prevents us from ever suspending our disbelief, so the idea just flops.apparently the whole movie was done with actors in front of green screens and we are supposed to be impressed. but as a graphics person, the over softening was an obvious crutch for hiding the difficult sharp edge problem with green screening. the color is majorly washed out to no relevant effect except reduce the visual quality. and i don't understand why anyone would consider anything rendered in this movie to be in any way ground breaking. if anything, the ridiculous retrograde graphics have lowered the bar for really bad graphics -- they don't measure up even to the ancient jurassic park graphics. the models for the robots were so simple, plain and very uncompelling. there were a bunch of weirdo prehistoric-like animals on that island, but they are not explained in any way.the story is horrible beyond belief. in fact i can't believe i didn't just walk out of this movie. the relationship between polly and joe is unmotivated, and throughout the movie is based on distrust and deception. why is the morris paley character even there? we are not in any way convinced that joe is heroic -- i mean he flies a plane, and saved one person (polly) for personal reasons. yeah there's a great hero for you. dex has very little screen time, so why are we supposed to care about joe wanting to save him? who were the nepalease that locked joe and polly in the mine vault, and why would they do it (remembering that the entire totenkopf operation was robotic)?plot holes: (1) why did bai ling's character (a major fall from her excellent character in "the crow") halt the robots who had captured joe? they were looking for the vials, and had not found them. (2) why in the hell would dex be captured but not killed (he doesn't have or know about the vials, and the bad guys didn't know that polly had the vials and was connected to joe and therefore to dex)? (3) polly indicates that "they" don't know anything about totenkopf, yet she has some secret source about him that contains what appears to be a fairly complete fbi-style file on him. (4) the blank spot on the map as described by the nepalese -- if they know all about this mysterious area, then why the hell is their map blank in that spot? (5) at one point, polly and joe have to give up their clothes (they are burned) -- joe is given new clothes that were identical to his old clothes, yet polly is forced to wear some very odd looking bulky dress, then in the same line of continuity suddenly polly has her original clothes back.*sigh*. how far off am i supposed to switch my brain to watch this crap?we are supposed to be exhilarated by the over produced music, even when nothing interesting or remotely exhilarating is happening on screen.and the acting? we're supposed to be impressed with a bunch of bad british accents? which character isn't annoying? i think ling bai's dialogue was probably the best in the whole movie (she doesn't have a single line). the dialogue wasn't camp, and doesn't even rise to the level of cheese. its just bad and annoying. these people aren't hero's or compelling; they are the kind of people you would try to ignore or disassociate with if you ever had the misfortune of meeting them in real life.i can't believe that this movie gets an above average rating here on imdb. imho it should be competing with "batman forever" in the bottom 100 of all time.

when robot hordes start attacking major cities, who will stop the madman behind the attacks? sky captain!!! jude law plays joe sullivan, the ace of the skyways, tackling insurmountable odds along with his pesky reporter ex-girlfriend polly perkins (gwyneth paltrow) and former flight partner, captain franky cook (angelina jolie).sky captain and the world of tomorrow may look and feel like an exciting movie but it really is quite dull and underwhelming. the film's running time is 106 minutes yet it feels so much longer because there is no substance in this movie. the visuals were great and the film did a nice job on that. however, there is nothing to support these wonderful visuals. the film lacks a story and interesting characters making the while thing quite dull and unnecessary. i blame director and writer kerry conran. he focuses too much on the visuals and spent little time on the actual story. the movie is like a girl with no personality, after awhile it kind of gets bland and tiring. sky captain represents a beautiful girl with no personality. it's simply just another case of style over substance.the acting is surprisingly average and that's not really their fault since they had very little to work with. the main reason i watched this movie is because of angelina jolie. however, the advertising is quite misleading and she is only in the film for about 30 minutes. her performance is surprisingly bland as well. jude law gives an okay performance though you would expect a lot more from him. gwyneth paltrow was just average, nothing special at all. ling bai's performance was the only one i really liked. she gives a pretty good performance as the mysterious woman and she was the only interesting character in the entire film.the movie is not a complete bust though. there were some "wow" and exciting scenes. there just weren't enough of them. the film just doesn't have that hook to really make it memorable. it was actually quite bland and it wasn't very engaging at all. it's too bad the film wasn't very good since it had such a promising premise. in the end, sky captain is surprisingly below average and not really worth watching. rating 4/10

i entered the theater to sky captain in 2004 expecting a good film. nearly every review of this movie had been positive, the effects looked enticing, the previews convincing.needless to say, disappointment actually doesn't describe the feeling i got from this film. it was rage.beyond being boring and poorly written, the reason this film gets a 2 out of 10 stars is because everything in the film was stolen from another source. i understand the difference between an homage and stealing: this was stealing. more importantly, it seems that the filmmakers didn't steal to progress a point or move the plot along. they stole just to show that they could. there is literally no point to showing a clip of the wizard of oz in a theater at the beginning of the movie except to set up another scene (that i won't elaborate on) which steals from the same film. needless to say, every concept in the film was neither original nor even a spin on an old concept: it was literally just a rehash of something i had already seen, from pulp-era robots reminiscent of the old superman cartoons and the recent film "the iron giant", to the silent martial artist minion of the villain that has been used in countless films, most recognizable in recent years as darth maul in "star wars: the phantom menace".on the subject of the actual film, most of the performances were completely wooden. perhaps this is because the entire movie was done on a blue-screen, with computer imagery filling in everything save the actors. frankly, this is no excuse for poor acting. if a person was ever a child, they understand that a lack of visual reference is no excuse for not trying.finally, there is no humanity in this film. the protagonists are the only real human beings here. nearly all the antagonists are robots, and the number of friendly characters that are shown during the film can be counted on one hand. if robots are attacking the entire planet, shouldn't we expect to see masses of humanity running from them? the sub-par performance of the main characters prevents us from connecting to, really, anything here.the film wasn't the worst movie out there, which is why i didn't give it a 1. rather, the film was an example of all that is wrong with modern action films: the filmmakers tried to justify the movie with special effects, but without artistic vision or originality of any kind, it falls flat.

the exploding zeppelins crashing down upon 'sky captain' jude law's base present an adequate metaphor to describe how truly terrible this movie is. first off, let me state right off the bat that i sincerely doubt that paramount will ever recover any money from this film. a cult hit it might become, but only because it is so remarkable for what it failed to achieve. i can see the studio pitch now. "let's combine 1920's german expressionism and a 1940's globetrotting adventure with a modern action flick and use computer animation to dominate every scene! wow, won't that be a success! " skycaptain bludgeons the viewer with its sheer excess. there are too many fake explosions, too many unconvincing dogfight scenes, and too few real moments where the characters are anything but painfully two-dimensional. after all, why shock and awe with one floating airship when you can have three, or five, or one hundred?! moreover, what could have been a groundbreaking film, seamlessly combining computer generated imagery and human actors in a stylized and intriguing setting, will instead become a flop in no small part because it fails to meet the most important requirement of any flick using cgi. quite simply, the graphics are amazingly poor. from the movement of the cars to the physics of the aircraft in the dogfights, everything seems to be just a little off. i'm not being nit-picky here in any way. an infant could notice that a car doesn't glide along the road like a maglev train (unless its a mercedes s500). and for those of you raising your voices in protest, crying out 'this is a stylized film, it's not supposed to be like reality', let me just say this. lord of the rings has set the standard for integrating real-life actors with cgi, starship troopers has set the standard for ironic science fiction films, the rocketeer did a solid job reintroducing the decade of the 1920's back into the hollywood film portfolio, and tim burton's batman created a unique picture of new york city/gotham that has yet to be repeated. sky captain falls so short of all these films, it is hard for me to mention them in the same sentence. plus, the acting is so poor, it makes me positively ill. so there you have it. i spent $9 to see this film and you get my review. i hope it might dissuade you all from making the same mistake that i did.

this movie was way over-hyped. a lot of the viewers, who thought this was "amazing" must have been into the old school movies, cause the whole movie is set in the past. at first i thought the movie was just showing something from the past, so i was expecting that faded dreamy like lighting on the characters to pass, but it just going. basically this was a movie trying to mix the future with the past, and the 2 don't mix very well in this movie, even with special effects. you could actually see the blue screen the actors were working with. there are too many movies out there that do exactly what this movie did, so there is no reason for critics to hype this movie up saying "it's the greatest movie ever done". it's just crap on a stick. it also didn't help that the story line was sooo crappy. i don't understand why hollywood agreed to have this movie produced, and i also don't understand how actors/actresses in this movie are willing to be in a movie like this. it's almost as though everybody read the script and forgot to read the fine print..."it will all be done on a computer". this was a movie that should have been on a movie network, because nothing about this movie was revolutionary. i'm very upset with myself for paying money to see this. whatever you do, don't waste your time and money on this movie today or tomorrow.

when i first watched robotboy, i found it fresh and interesting, but then i noticed, that with each episode this show is trying to teach you how to behave yourself, what is good/bad. episodes became predictable. and main characters are not interesting. again we see a hyper-smart boy, beaten by his older brother, parents who don't understand their kid, and his friends: girl and fat boy. also this show has no logic. a super-modern robot who works on two aa-size batteries, and can use a lot of weapons. but the biggest problem is the difference between activated and super-activated modes. we see two different robots, and it declines main idea of the show: "robot must learn how to behave himself in human society"

now, i like sci-fi cartoons. however, when "robotboy" appeared in canada in late 2006, i watched the premiere and was inevitably appalled. the characters are generic and stereotypical (do they really need to make an african-american man wear tiger-stripe print clothing and speak in a jamacian accent? why are all the asian characters vibrant yellow and squinting? does the mother have to have big thighs and chest and constantly complain?) to the point where things become unrealistic, predictable, gross and sometimes disturbing. there are heavy similarities to, even stabs, at astro boy. allow me to explain (dub names for the young): robotboy/astro, kamikaze/tenma, constantine/shadow, gus/abercrombie, tommy/alejo, lola/zoran+kennedy, moshimo/o'shay, and it so on. brief resemblances to "my life as a teenage robot", "star wars", "teenage mutant ninja turtles", "kamen riders", "sailor moon" and co. are afoot. not to mention the abundant racial/gender stereotyping. don't even get me started on the innuendos. i'll just say they're hidden and quite dirty. but seriously. don't even try watching this. especially if you like astro boy.

anyone notice that tommy only has 3 facial expressions.1. the angry eyes look he gives every enemy. 2. the holding of the hands to face, mouth agape and frightened eyes. 3. the smiling tommy turnbull.i have to say that i pretty much hate this show, i don't watch it but it's like code lyoko, we've all watched at least one, i must say that this show is borderline racist, uninteresting and pointless.every episode ends with robotboy winning, except for one exception when robotboy basically let this overly geeky freakazoid fly away on a jetpack.the jokes are pretty crude too, i think it's mostly people saying the word "suck" or farting, i think the bullies of the show are quite shocking too.isn't there one that hides a bowling ball under his hate, and the other uses a chain, for god sake, what kind of school is he going to. not to mention his older brother, who is borderline psychopathic and has no other character qualities.the whole show i feel is ripping off megas xlr and fosters. like you could say the trio of coop, jamie and kiva, as well as robotboy being similar to megas where he beats everyone no matter what the odds and he's free spirited despite being a robot.there is simply no appeal to this show, i'm surprised that it's still running.

this is a truly awful "b" movie. it is witless and often embarrassing. the plot, the basic "making into show business" routine, is almost nonexistent. in fact, the film is merely an excuse to push the war effort and highlight some popular music groups of 1942, including the mills brothers, count basie, duke ellington, bob crosby, and freddy slack. each group gets about the standard three minutes, the exception being the mills brothers, who for some reason warranted two numbers. ann miller doesn't get to dance until the last couple of minutes of the film, and she has little to do but strut her stuff amid a barrage of patriotic propaganda.the most interesting moment in the film, in my view, occurred in the duke ellington segment. the band appears to be playing in a train, standing in awkward positions. (in the deep south at the time, the band was segregated in railroad cars when traveling.) johnny hodges is seen next to duke, and harry carney may also be identified. in the last moments of the film, trumpeter/violinist ray nance rushes down the aisle to the camera and does an "uncle tom," bugging his eyes and wiggling his head the way willy best did in many films. for modern viewers, especially jazz fans, this homage to segregation is sad indeed. some movies go best unseen.

from around the time europe began fighting world war ii, until the war's end, hollywood (with significant prodding from the government) made tons of movies which were designed to try and get young men to enlist in the army, by making the life of a serviceman appear "cool." this is by far the sloppiest, implying that the life of a soldier is devoid of work, you get the best food, and you get to lie around all day listening to ann miller on the radio. i am far too young to have participated in wwii, but i think that there was more to it than that. there is the barest cat's whisker of a plot, and a bunch of musical numbers featuring some of the day's leading acts.i think that by 1943, even the most naive of civvies knew that there was more going on overseas than the wacky hijinks portrayed in this movie. while i am sure that it was meant to be viewed as escapist entertainment, i can't help but wonder if the family and loved ones of men fighting in the war, were amused or repulsed by this trivialization of their loved ones' sacrifice.

before i start, let me say that my experience of this movie might have been influenced by the dubbing, which i gather from other comments was the original one which is considered inferior by some. so, it is entirely possible that subtitles or the apparently new dvd version would make a difference. i have also not read the corresponding book; i'm only familiar with one other japanese manga and might be lacking cultural context.potential minor spoilers ahead.i usually like darkly tinged science fiction stories (the likes of blade runner, 12 monkeys, etc.), but i did not enjoy this movie at all. while it started out mildly intriguing, it became tedious by the time it was only half-way finished. there are all sorts of problems; let's start with what is probably the most severe: the dialogue. the characters seem unable to formulate complete sentences; if they aren't shouting each other's names for the n-th time, they are usually grunting monosyllables ("kanedaaa!", "tetsuoooo!", "huh?", "grrr", etc.). this leaves most of the characters entirely underdeveloped and two-dimensional. it doesn't help in the least that a lot of them get only a few minutes of screen time without anything interesting to say that would develop them away from the stereotypes suggested by the visuals.the grunting is augmented by some random pseudo-philosophical technobabble that sounds vague and uninspired even by star trek standards. there is nothing deep and meaningful here - it all seems haphazard, thrown together at random from various bits and pieces of stock sci-fi ideas with no coherency whatsoever.what little there is of an intelligible plot is no more than an excuse to begin the overlong final sequence which consists of escalating scenes of mayhem and destruction. not that there's anything wrong with a nice bit of mayhem and destruction, of course; but in this case you'll find yourself asking "what's the point of it all, and how long until it's over". character development in the last 30 minutes or so consists of little more than tetsuo turning into pizza the hutt for no readily apparent reason.the ending resembles the one in 2001 - a bizarre string of images that, far from resolving or explaining anything, leave the viewer feeling he's just been looking into a kaleidoscope for two hours. i'm sure some will claim that this sort of thing is art; but to me it was just a lot of admittedly imaginative use of colour and shapes. (some of the music was also quite interesting). unfortunately it's all style and no substance.tired of disney? want to watch animated movies dealing intelligently with "adult" themes? i'm sad to say you're more likely to find that sort of thing in "south park".

one of those thank-god-i-don't-live-there documentaries. this one tells of two warring factions in colombia, guerrillas and paramilitaries, and the surrounding peoples of medellin.guns, drugs and death run rampant. the guys, no older than 22, not in the middle of fighting a war are in jail. the girls  not women, girls  always react the same way when one of them is killed, with tears and screaming. you scratch your head; what did they expect, really? i don't know what's more disturbing: the nightly shoot-outs and civil unrest, or that everybody just seems to passively accept things as are. or, seeing that boy drinking what is obviously not his first beer, being all of what, 10? if you were to take these any of these young men out of their situation and put them some place where they had the opportunity to do more, be more, how many would choose not to stay?based on this documentary, all, i'm afraid.

medellin is a fabulous place to live, work, and study. i've been there twice, and never did i hear anything about guerrilla activities, paramilitaries taking tourists hostage, or anything of the sort. there are "invisible police," but it is *not* a big brother system. there are just enough police so that they are visible in everyday life, but they do not hassle someone without good reasons.la sierra is an interesting documentary in that the youths it depicts in the movie essentially become its characters. the directors of the movie carefully carve out plot lines among the daily actions of the inhabitants of la sierra, and when a "character" dies, there is genuine pathos. it is difficult to imagine, however, that the three youths are all members of the bloque metro, a gang that used to terrorize la sierra before the colombian government began to restructure the country.la sierra is not an accurate depiction of life in colombia; there are, of course, things to be wary of such as petty crime, but when one considers pickpocketing happens in "modern" cities such as london, new york, or tokyo, colombia doesn't seem that different after all. colombians are eagerly awaiting their chance to show to the world that the once war-torn country is now prospering more than ever.

this story is about the romantic triangle between a nth. african male prostitute, a french transsexual prostitute (stephanie) and a russian waiter who speaks no french and never seems to shave.as a film it is dull, dreary and depressing, shot either on foggy, overcast winter days or in badly lit interiors, where everyone is bathed in a weird blue luminescence. and yes, i know, it's because the white balance was out. everyone is pale and downcast and looks haggard, shabby and dirty. bodies are bony and shot in such closeup that they look quite ugly and unappealing. moles, greasy hair. yuk. bad news in a film where people spend a lot of time either naked or having sex.and the story? well, stephanie's mother is dying. all three characters go back to stephanie's home village where, through a bunch of flashbacks to desolate countryside and predictably dingy interiors, we see a bit of stephanie's childhood as a boy called pierre. the mother dies. well... and that's about it, really. character development is kept to a minimum, as is the denouement of the story. i suppose the storyline is not linear (it would explain a lot of non sequiteurs) but really, after paying my seven euros i don't feel like having to construct the film myself: that's what the director takes my money for. to expect me to join the story telling process and get my hands dirty, so to speak, is asking way too much.this film is a heap of pretentious rubbish made, above all, from a desire to epater les bourgeois (ie shock the straights). i can see how it was a shoo-in for the berlin film festival, and i can see why it got nowhere.

if you like films that ramble with little plot exposition spiced with kinky sex, this film is for you. on the plus side the lead actor/actress (newcomer transsexual) does have an interesting screen presence, but not enough to add up to much more than a mildly interesting movie - if that. essentially this film is about 3 social outcasts (transexual prostitute, male hustler, and russian,gay immigrant) who somehow have developed a bond. why is not clear. we are expected to accept these misfits are at the core basic honest people who have the ability to love while they hustle their bodies on the street. right!! and anna nicole smith was truly in love with her ninety something sugar daddy! the filmmaker shows a gritty, unpleasant side of life while wanting us to believe underneath it all these seriously damaged people are really quite normal to the extent they have a menage a trois which helps them through life. quite a fantasy, but unfortunately portrayed here as real look of life on the wild side. in sum, no plot, no truth and no real reason to spend much time here. unless of course you just like to revel in the kink!!!

this isn't a movie. it is a collection of unrelated, ill-conceived and poorly assembled scenes that look like the unedited results of a dim 10 year old with a mini-dv camera. in fact, i have a theory that the extremely abrasive girl in the train corridor - the one with the greasy hair, dead-pan stare, ipod and nervous tic - probably shot it herself in a creative phase.if you made it further than the ten minutes i did, don't bother trying to fit what you saw into the context of the european artiste mentality praised above. this is a true and complete waste of time, money and film that would have made william one-shot beaudine cringe.the unfortunate part is that the endless series of vacuum-packed characters is representative of what now passes for much of humanity.what's next? six directors shooting social intercourse at the wal-mart snack counter?

when i first started watching this movie i was looking for some kind of subtle metaphors but it soon dawned on me that this movie was indeed about people on a train. the interactions between people are like those you can see any day on the street and when in occasion there is a slightly more interesting situation the dialogue becomes stilted and boring. its not that i don't get how this film is trying to portray the way people interact, it's just that in this film they are very boring. if you want to see and analyse these kinds of relationships you'd be best to actually go out and buy a train ticket and look at the people on the train with you. it is realistic but you wouldn't go to a movie to watch a film about you sitting there watching the movie.

for years i remember reading about this show "trouble with tracy" in the tv guide. cfto-tv toronto every saturday morning at 6 am! i lived about a two-hour drive north of toronto and we couldn't get cfto, but you know how it is - we always want what we can't have.well, i knew what i wanted and what i wanted was to see what this "trouble with tracy" was all about. did it have a beautiful girl in the starring role? was there nudity? was there suspense? was it a comedy? it would've been fine if there was some promotion of the show. at least i could've known what i was missing. but, no! the mystery drove me bonkers, until ctv affiliate ckco built a re-transmitter in wiarton, ontario and began to broadcast "trouble with tracy" at the same time as cfto....saturday mornings at 6 am!! one saturday morning i got up and turned the tv on at 5:59 and at last i got to see what "the trouble with tracy" was. yes, the "trouble with tracy" was that it was canadian content and stuck in the harmless 6 am spot so no one would ever see how awful it was.talented canadian actor steve weston died a few years afterward, but many would argue he effectively "died" the first time he appeared on this show. when i saw it for the first time that cold saturday morning and fell despondent back into my bed, part of me died, too.

wow, i can't believe people consider this a 'good' movie. now, i have seen much worse, but there are much more romantic/funny comedies with john cusack.this is a mediocre film at best. while the acting wasn't terrible, but not great, for a romantic comedy, there was little passion, little romance. there were many loose ends that don't show up or are not addressed. unfortunately, the main characters do come off as complete cowards. they don't know themselves well enough to realize that they don't love the people they are engaged to. how do we know they aren't in love? by the utter lack of remorse both characters have for leaving their finances. i can think of few things more romantic than the continual escape from commitment that these two show.the movie doesn't even end with a wedding scene, more than likely both will get cold feet and drop each other like hot potatoes once a commitment is nearing. this movie is really about two people who can't commit to anything, unlike cusack's previous characters, who were more than willing to make a deep commitment (loyd in say anything, martin in grosse pointe blank, etc.).the greatest failure of this movie was the complete lack of any twists turns, or anything of interest. when the movie ended, i felt like they had failed to include a climax to the story, which basically fits the whole movie: boring. no suspense about whether the two will end up together, no joy when they do, no consequences to their actions.it is sad that people are so blind to the shoddiness of this movie, that they simply rebuke any criticism with 'everyone is too cynical!'. criticism of this movie is not cynicism, simply unbiased examination. there are many other better romantic comedies, even ones with grace kelly, or eva marie saint.if you think this movie is great, try these movies, you hearts will explode: the princess bride, say anything, grosse pointe blank, high fidelity, keeping the faith, charade, rear window, north by northwest, or there's something about mary (which is a good examination of idealized romance vs. today's society).

oh, for crying out loud, this has got to be the lamest movie i've seen all year, and i'm sorry the normally awesome john cusack was even involved in this brainless, twitty piece of stupidity. where sleepless in seattle delivered what amounts to be the same message, albeit on a more subtle, somewhat more mature level, serendipity delivers it with a sledgehammer, and then proceeds to pound it into your psyche for the next tedious hour and a half or so (and that's an hour and a half of my life i'll never get back again, thank you very much!!). it's bad enough the main characters of this movie have the emotional maturity level of fourteen-year-olds (actually i've known better fourteen-year-olds...), except maybe for jeremy piven, who was enjoyable enough. just the first 15 minutes or so of the movie where kate beckinsale's character plays that annoying silliness of a game about throwing all sensibility to the wind (literally) had my best friend and i irritated beyond belief. i told my husband rockstar had more intelligence, and at least, the characters in rockstar weren't half as dysfunctional as the idiots were in this "serendipitous" mess. it's annoying to watch protagonists who seem to have no clue about choice in their lives, and feel they're nothing more than puppets to destiny and the whims of fate. how utterly tiresome. i'm sure this movie will be more likely enjoyed by those who'd rather not engage in the chaotic messiness of making more complex life choices and then responsibly living with the consequences. after all, here's a movie where our hero and heroine live happily ever after only after wreaking havoc and misery on two other people's lives (namely their respective fiancées), not to mention other relatives and friends, just to get there.

not exactly a new story line, but this romantic comedy makes the concept work. a young man(john cusack) and a drop dead gorgeous woman(kate beckinsale)keep meeting by chance and wonder if they are meant for each other. although both are promised to others...oddly enough they still feel that their soul mate is out there somewhere. a little sappy in some places, but viva la love. being a romantic i am almost obligated to be riveted. my favorite scene is where cusack is on the ground and snow starts falling. the finale is almost too sweet, but most deserving. this is not one of cusack's deeper roles, but who in the hell could not be smitten by beckinsale. notable support is provided by jeremy piven and molly shannon. john corbett plays the worst role i've ever seen him in. on the other hand eugene levy is quirky and funny. watch this with your soul mate.

the master of cheap erotic horror, rolfe kanefsky, finally makes a movie that doesn't go straight to the playboy channel. "the hazing" borrows heavily from everything that came before it from nightmare on elm street to evil dead, but still manages to do it with enough humor to make it watchable... just barely. the characters are cardboard, the dialogue is wooden, the story is paper-thin and the actors couldn't act their way out of a grocery bag. put that all together and you have a pulpy ball of mulch for a movie. sometimes, when i'm bored, i like to eat paper. watching this movie is a lot like that. chew on it for 90 minutes and you're left with a weird taste in your mouth and no nutritional value.

this was truly dreadful! it had a terrible storyline, was poorly acted, and was like an amateur remake of evil dead but not nearly as good.it took all my tenacity to make it through this one, it's a good job i didn't have to visit the toilet else i doubt i would have come back! this one makes hammer house of horror look like a big screen hollywood epic. the only value to this movie was the never ending supply of beautiful women. not a bad one among them! if you want to letch with your friends after a night on the beer then this one's for you ... else avoid it like the plague!

i saw this movie primarily to see brooke burke (as jill), who i had meet briefly in la at a modeling trade show, in her first feature film. i was hoping to see more of her, but thought she did very well acting her role. since she is such a beautiful and poised tv host, and model, it was not surprising. i was left wondering why she was killed, and what happened as a result. maybe i just missed it.i wasn't really sure about the genre of this movie, and although i liked the actors i felt like it was for a college audience. i tried to keep an open mind considering horror wasn't my favorite genre, but felt like i had outgrown the gags. it seemed to drag out in some places, leave you guessing in some places about what powers the evil professor had, and, like a lot of other films had an unsatisfying ending.having written a couple of scripts, i know a lot of this is difficult and may come down to personal opinions, how many movies you have seen & studied, and those you relate with at a point in time.in a nutshell, i found it interesting, but not a satisfying plot and ending for me. if jill (brooke burke) would have returned through the portal in the end and kicked everyone's ass that would be a satisfying ending and would earn a higher rating.

i cannot believe i wasted 80 minutes of my life watching this terrible film i kept hoping it was going to get better by the end but boy was i wrong. the plot was abysmal , the acting was extremely poor and the special effects were awful. not even the 2 beautiful girls could revive my interest in this boring and bloody mess. however i cannot lie ,some of the lines in this film were quite memorable such as when the asian boy says '' i lost my virginity to the babysitter so f**** stereotypes ''please do not waste your time with this crash unless u are prepared or want to have a good laugh .. maybe that way u can watch it to rip this movie with some mates

the hazing is confused mumbo-jumbo that wants so hard to be the evil dead that it even references bruce campbell several times. the problem is, it is simply not in the same league as that terrific movie. this movie is nowhere near as original. the plot has been used before, by kevin tenney in night of the demons, and that was a lot more fun. this flick wastes too much time with complicated exposition before getting the kids into the spooky mansion and starting the demonic happenings.brad dourif is, as usual, not given much to do here, but when he is on screen he puts in another over-the-top performance that would make christopher walken jealous. as for the acting of the kids, it's passable but by no means good. the shaky camera work is more annoying than clever or atmospheric. there are a few good moments when the first guy gets possessed and throws around some deadly one liners while dispatching his victims, but it was never scary for a second. the gore level is mid-range to low, but the director tries to make up for it by showing the actresses topless a few times. all in all, just okay if you have 87 minutes to waste.

the script was very weak w/o enough character arcs to make you care one bit about the characters or what happens to them. the script is way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow paced. the story gets to the point that you just want everyone to shut up and die as quickly as possible so you don't have to listen to them talk this very muted, stiff dialogue. on a technical note, the music mix is way to high and makes it hard to understand what is being said most times. then again, this could be called a blessing. overall, this same story could have better been told in a short film w/ a running time under 30 minutes. the obvious "in your face" homages to sam raimi and "evil dead" would have been good had they been more subtle, but here they seem more like a bald faced rip off. c'mon, this kind of 35mm budget and this is the best that could be done? still, the cinematography, lighting design and shots were very well done indeed.

exactly what you would expect from a b-movie. deritive, gratuitous nudity, boring in parts, ridiculous gore and cheesy special-effects. of course it could have been better, better acted (defintly) better written, directed, etc. but then i guess it wouldn't have been a b movie. the actors pretty much sucked, in fact this pretty much seemed like an episode of buffy the vampire slayer or something except with a lot of blood, profanity and nudity.tiffany shepis must be singled out. she absolutely is the scream queen of the new millennium. not that acting really matters in these movies, but she was better than any of the other actors. she's also smokin hot, in that plastic jump suit thing she wore for the whole movie - wow! her posterior is absolutely stunning in that outfit, i mean it every single time she turns around you can help but check her out. and near then end of the film the viewer is rewarded with seeing her completely nekked.so if your a looser b-movie horror buff (like myself), check this out. if not, you should probably avoid at all costs.

i love horror films, low budget, 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's.. but how can anyone think this is a very good horror film? let's compare it to titles in a similar vein- haunted house films. the haunting, the changeling, the shining. or for a similar technology based horror film that was faaar better, (though still far from great) demon seed. ok, i'll be fair.. let's compare it to made-for-tv horror films! don't go to sleep.. waaay creepier and better done. salem's lot, the night stalker, night gallery, even don't go in the basement or crowhaven farm were far better. *spoilers* first of all, for as good a scene as the bloody shower scene was, you have a scene like the opening scene.. oh boy! the garden hose comes alive to hose down some frisky teenagers! terrible. also, just what we understand about the house.. it apparently needs to use its video cameras to see what is going on, and it's a very emotional house. not a spirit, or demon, or entity, it's a house thats "possessed", but by what? we are led to believe an inanimate object learned to love suzie/margaret, our protagonist? now that i'm on the topic of suzie.. another scene that totally bothered me, this poor old crazy lady comes, tells you she was your nurse, pours her heart out, falls in the boiling pool, struggling in agony for 45 seconds, and what does margaret do? does she risk her hands being burnt to save this poor elderly woman that came there to warn her's life? no, she stands there and watches! the acting for the most part was better than average for a horror film, but that's where the positives end. for at least a more interesting, and fun horror film about an inanimate object that kills people watch death bed: the bed that eats. i have a feeling the people who rated this so highly either haven't watched it since it originally aired, or remembered it scaring them as children. this film was pretty much merit less.

it's kind of fascinating to me that so many reviewers consider this a masterpiece. i am not a dullard as far as quality films go, and i will agree that from a technical filming standpoint, as well as for several of the characters portrayed, the film is in an award-worthy class. but there is no sense (for me) of this film actually going anywhere; i mean, taking the viewer anywhere. it is a series of mood scenes, perhaps remarkable as such, but i want more from a film. i look for story and movement and a fulfillment of arrival, none of which did i find in this film. yes, it might be considered poetry on film . . . but there is much poetry that i cannot live with for the same reason: that it paints pictures without going anywhere.one thing further to be said is that it documents a mid-century english childhood, which is necessarily limited in its universality. i was personally appalled at what a young british boy had to live through, in that time and place. having grown up in america just a decade earlier, i can authoritatively say that the contrast is immense. i cannot help wondering if this contrast has had some effect on those reviewing the film so favorably. in other words, could there be a tendency to judge the film entirely on its 'filmic magic' (which i acknowledge is there) and completely ignore its lack of relevance to the nature of one's actual recalled experience?

you know how everyone jokes about the acting in porno movies? well if you've always found the plot line of a porn to captivate your interest, then this movie is for you. it truly was like a porn without the sex. or if that analogy is not to your liking, imagine you and your drunk roommate found a movie camera abandoned on a park bench. this is the movie that you would make. -horrible acting -bad camera work -music done on a casio keyboard this movie has it all, and more. for those who are masochists in the crowd, this is a premiere piece for your collection. all i can figure is that the only people to submit reviews for this dripping pile of movie, were people who 'starred' in it. their movie career is over before it started.

if this movie was written directed and produced with the intention of creating a bad movie cult classic, it might (i say might) have been a hit. have you ever sat and watched a movie that was so absolutely awful that it becomes fascinating in terms of its faults? well this is it. every one of the acting cast should be nominated for worst acting performance awards. it would be hard to find another film, with this kind of production budget, that contains so little of any value whatsoever. the whole thing, from the opening scenes defies logic. dialogue is completely unbelievable and illogical. ditto for the behaviour and general storyline of the film itself. what is really mind boggling, is that some buffoons in a boardroom actually made decisions to spend money on this piece of trash. wow.

jesus christ, i can't believe i've wasted my time watching this movie. i only watched because i have such a crush on jordan ladd. but watching this film almost put me off her. this is absolutely awful! i could have been watching survivor series 93 over this.the lead guy in this was so bland and generic. i would love it if the great mistuharu misawa tiger drove '91'd his ass through a glass window. i was enraging every time he was saying "lake" and "cabin". i'd kick his ass.jordan ladd, on the other hand, was absolutely wonderful. a true angel. but she couldn't even save this utter joke of a film. sadly, she couldn't even act like she was off her nut when she took that truth drug. it looked hilarious.i also loved the bit where jordan accidentally spilled yogurt on her. it reminded me of a time where...nevermind.anayways, do watch this film because of it's awfulness.

i couldn't believe this terrible movie was actually made at all. with the worst actors you could find, the worst script written (mark frost & sollace mitchell) and by far the worst waste of time in viewing. i won't belabor the story as it's really not worth it. but i will elaborate on some of the performances and definitely the story. as to the story, it is very hard to believe that this bitty crazy schemer could actually do what she did. that in reality the wife couldn't defend herself against a little bitty of a thing. that the husband could actually find the nut case attractive at all. that the defense attorney could break every court rule there was and keep on doing it after the judge ordered the blankety blank to shut up. and the final result of the film is an insult to justice, movie codes, and the male species. the theme of this mess is let women do as they wish, kill whom they want, defend the killer and get away with it, while the guy rots in jail the innocent victim. hard to believe that sollace mitchell, the director and a man, would even want to make this dribble.as to the acting: jordan ladd, the killer, is awful. a loony toons, who does needlepoint during her murder trial (is this allowed in court?) she bored me to the hilt. one more look of her batting her eyes and indicating how innocent she was and i'd throw up. she's not even attractive enough for any guy to leave his wife. the husband, played on one level by vincent spano, just seems to look and act stupid most of the time. he was so predictable in his performance falling into the traps set for him by all the women surrounding him. the worst by far was holland taylor as the defense attourney. she over acted throughout the film and made a mockery of justice. if she would cross examine me anytime, i'd have told her to go take a hike. everybody else in this sleazy film did their job as directed to do so.i wish i could give this film a zero rating. however we are forced to start with 1. too bad. let's not have anymore painful watching films like this. lifetime can do better then this, i know it.this is a postscript: made the mistake of turning this insipid movie on by mistake. as soon as i saw the bimbo jordan ladd i knew i'd seen it before and didn't like it or her. i not only turned the darn thing off but had to add my anger at people like sollace mitchell who wrote the screenplay but also directed this horrible flick. doesen't anyone see that her/his message is that sickness pays. being ill and going around killing people is okay with this director/writer. totally making the male species idiots. well, this male tells you to go stuff it somewhere painful. we're not all that stupid and will speak out to your so called movie, which in this person's mind deserves to be trashed.and again this loser is shown. why???? can't you read the comments on this stupid and despicable movie? are we constantly subjected to see the bimbo jordan ladd again and again? get her off tv, films and out of sight. she's just terrible in every sense of the word. phew!!!!

.... may seem far fetched.... but there really was a real life story.. of a man who had an affair with a woman, who found out where he and his new wife were staying,, and she killed the wife,, making it look like a murder rape.......in her delusion she had told everyone that the man had asked her to marry him.. so she quit her job in wisconsin... and moved to minnesota..........last i heard she was in a mental institution, security prison....she was still wearing the "engagement ring." that she has purchased for herself... and had told everyone that he had bought it for her.the events took place in a small town in wisconsin,,,,,,, and the murder happened in minnesota......there even was a feature story in "people" magazine... spring of 1988, i want to say on page 39. i remember this as i was in college at the time,, and a colleague of mine had met the individual in the security hospital....

i can't believe i actually watched this but i guess i just wanted to know if this movie would get unintentionally funnier and funnier towards the end. and it did. the climax was the poorest performance ever given by the defence lawyer - so out of real life that even for a fictional story it was far too weird. no way anyone on this planet can behave in front of a court like she did. and probably the worst prosecutor on earth. why was he in court anyway? he did nothing and absolutely nothing to prove her guilty. a simple search of her house would have resulted in the find of the rings. but no go. he preferred to say "objection" 2 or 3 times during the whole trial - that was it. the blonde lunatic was given a truth-drug to prove her innocent but not brett. the lunatic almost had an altar of brett in her home that could have proved her sick obsession. but again no go. during the court scene i felt the silent urge to take the needlepoint out of her hand and bang it several times against her head. even real weirdos do not look that silly fake "i am innocent" like she did. and what does this movie tell us? never marry a woman with a life insurance: as soon as she falls down the stairs her husband will be thrown into jail, guilty or not. evil, evil men.

i happened upon this flick on a rainy sunday, intending to tune-in to something else. out of curiosity, i accessed the comments here, and found myself watching it to the end. i really didn't do so with intent -- this was one of those movies where you're "fascinated," and watch it for "another couple of minutes," until you finally just watch to the end. and the indictment of it in most of these comments made it more fascinating to view. the one comment where the person really liked it seems to be solely as a result of liking ladd and spano, and their earlier roles. but great isn't anywhere to be found anywhere here - story, performances, and particularly the absurd courtroom hi-jinks. we all know that perry mason (before raymond burr passed the 300-lb. mark), and ben matlock, are granted some leeway in cavorting around the courtroom, instead of being boringly confined to a lectern. and matlock is especially granted the privilege of entering exhibits often by simply going to the jury and showing them, before the judge and prosecutor have even been informed of, or shown, them. no real-life judge or prosecutor would stand for this.both perry and ben almost always ended the proceedings by wringing a confession of the real killer. actually perry nearly always did this, but often matlock would simply present overwhelming evidence of the true culprit, pronounce it "reasonable doubt," and then leave it to the cops and prosecutors to proceed against the guilty party - sometimes on-camera, sometimes presumed at the end of the show.but that said, holland taylor's histrionics and the amount of leeway afforded her, in the courtroom portion of this story, made the actions of matlock/mason more-closely resemble the slow, often boring detail such as seen on court tv and in real-life courtrooms.every character in this presentation was either insipid, unsympathetic, obnoxious, boring, improbable - or some combination of two or more of these.the ending was the most banal, absurd, even silly conclusion possible - but again, fascinating because of this. ladd and spano are attractive individuals, and t.v. movies would appear their best forte - probably best in 2nd-lead (probably better if "3rd-") roles, even in this venue. taylor could be cast as the aunt or mother of one of them. give this one 1 star for the story/performances, and 3 additional for the fascination factor.

"the deadly look of love" is essentially "fatal attraction" with a couple of twists added onto the back half. the ending will not surprise anyone who has seen more than two or three movies of the week. it is yet another cautionary tale about succumbing to temptation, and it adds nothing fresh to the genre.brett (vincent spano) is engaged to a beautiful woman who just happens to have a sizable trust fund. even though he has it all, he risks losing everything by starting up a steamy side affair with janet (jordan ladd). janet, a doe-eyed blonde from cedar falls, falls hard for brett, and she does not take it particularly well when he comes clean about his engagement. shortly after the wedding, mrs. brett turns up dead in the master bedroom of the large, luxurious home she shared with her new husband. when the police question brett, he promptly points the finger at janet. following her arrest, janet seems to get loonier by the minute - not that she was the picture of stability before. her defense attorney (holland taylor) is convinced that janet is innocent and is hell bent on proving it.did she do it or didn't she? how will it end? you can find out the answers to these questions the next time "the deadly look of love" airs on your local station. and be sure not to miss the moral of this beautiful story: men are pigs, and women are crazy.

this is not horror, as the first part was: this is ("campy") light and humorous entertainment. like in so many sequels, the action starts right away with no explanations. but there's boobs, so i don't complain. and real boobs that is. if i understand correctly, those are quite rare today amongst the teenage girls in u.s. of a. which brings to my mind the fact that the main actress here is pamela "bruce's sister" springsteen.this cannot be thought without the first movie, so i compare this to it. again there is too small clothing (mainly pants) and funny hair, it's not hard to tell what decade this film is made in. again there is really strange characters, this time even more visibly "pathological" ones. especially the personnel of the camp. it's like some mental rehabilitation summer camp. people are older: most of the actors must be at least 25, but i think they're supposed to be 16 or something. some "methods" used by the evil dyke are quite unpleasant. actually this movie don't have much in common with the first part, and this is worse than it in every way.

i was utterly disappointed by this movie. i had read some of the other reviews here and had much higher expectations. i expected a drama with more intense character development. but that never happens in the movie. daniel-day lewis is a good actor, but not as good as some reviewers here would have us believe. i tought he repeated the same set of 4 or 5 movements in the movie. i would rate his performance 6 out of 10.acting: 6 out of 10 direction is 5 out of 10. script is the worst: 2 out of 10. i deleted the movie from my dvr at 70 mins. into the movie. much better movies out there than this...

so i finally saw the film "my left foot" last night after years of being told by my mother how amazing it is... the central performance of day-lewis is indeed remarkable and amazing, but anyone with even minimal exposure to his other work should expect nothing less.the fatal misjudgement in my eyes was that in becoming obsessed with proving the normalcy of this man; the movie chose to show him as a complete and utter jerk. on the one hand i can see that this is a logical correlation; mankind always has the capacity to be objectionable, and disability shouldn't obscure that. i just wish that impartial onlookers wouldn't be so forgiving of aberrant behaviour and assume that circumstances automatically make it forgivable. they don't. acting out is normal, and so yes, disabled people act out - but they don't do it because they're disabled; they do it because they're being unreasonable. a physical impairment doesn't afford you the right to throw a hissy fit in public, just because someone you love turns you down.there are certain things it is unwise to do whether you are disabled or able-bodied. giving someone tacit permission to boot a football directly at your head for the sole purpose of fitting in is one of them. (admittedly, i did once save a penalty from the school's star striker with my face, but i already belonged by then. it wasn't for acceptance.) engaging in a bar brawl is another. revelling in the fact that your father only extends companionship to you after you've proved yourself capable of metaphorically jumping through physical hoops takes masochism a step too far. all of these things are stupid, and suffering through them as a way to demonstrate your bravery doesn't make them any less foolhardy.so yes; just because you've overcome obstacles to achieve great things doesn't make you any less of a jerk... being a good person takes priority; setting an inspiring example for the disabled should appear way down the list.

this movie was awesome!! (not quite as good as the leif garrett masterpiece longshot) but still awesome!! i thought ashley looked freakin' huge compared to mary-kate in this film. i wonder why. who woulda thought they could swith places like that and almost get away with it. dad was kinda a jerk though and mom was a little too chummy with helmit head. i give it 4. any one who likes this movie shoudl check out longshot.

this movie was definitely not one of mary-kate and ashley's best movies. i really didn't like it, and i was kind of disappointed in that movie. for some reason, it seemed like it was a movie that they put together really fast. in some parts, it got so boring that i had to fast forward it. it didn't have any bloopers or any exciting parts like their other movies.

yes, you guessed it. another movie where identical twins switch places. i think now that the olsen twins are getting older they should try and make the plot less predictable and less like re-runs of 'full house'. if you plan on seeing this film, don't. watch 'the parent trap' instead. it's more entertaining.

i saw switching goals ..twice....and always the same feeling...you see the olsen twins make same movie....they like play different sports and then fall in love to boys..ok now about the movie....first off all such little boys and girls don't play on such big goals...2.football does not play on time outs...3.if the game is at its end the referee gives some overtime (a minute or more)...and the finish is so foreseen....i think that this movie is bad because of the lack of football knowledgement....if it were done by european producers it would be better..and also the mane actors aren't the wright choice...they suffer from lack of authentic..ok they played some seasons in full house but that doesn't make them big stars....you have got to show your talent....and that is what is missing in the olsen twins

a sad, sad sight indeed is the munster's revenge. the munsters are brought back one last time(fred gywnne received a huge paycheck to come back to the role of herman munster)in this made-for-tv movie about a pair of wax replicas of grandpa and herman that are robots "terrorizing" the city as preparation for a robbery of a mummy's stash at an exhibit. with the police on their heels, the two elderly television icons try to find out who is actually behind the crimes in order to clear their names. we get to see them dress in drag as waitresses(a minor highpoint in the film), grandpa turns into a bat with attached wire a couple times(one time even flying to transylvania with herman somehow invoking his frequent flyer miles i guess), and a most annoying relative "the phantom" constantly sings and breaks glass ad nausium! what is most sad is hard to pinpoint: is it that gywnne(especially) and al lewis look so haggard in every scene and so indifferent to the material. is it the hokey costumes of the robots that have that school production values look about them. maybe it is the ridiculous script. sid caesar's crazy, mostly unfunny antics. or perhaps it is seeing something which brought me joy and fond memories as a child being treated to a super k-mart fashion makeover. at any even, the result is decidedly disappointing and silly even for munster standards. as for the rest of the cast, yvonne de carlo is adequate in a most vacuous role(though showing more cleavage than usual for a woman of her years and experience). k. c. martell makes an ever-so-not affable eddie munster. jo mcdonell is an attractive marilyn. bob hastings as the aforementioned phantom looks and acts and speaks in the most absurd manner. the film has a real cheap feel about it even for a made-for-tv movie.

i usually like comedy movies. i really enjoy them. but i don't really get the point of "envy". i mean, it has a dull content/topic, and it's not really funny.although the acting is generally good, it's not enough for the movie to get at least a bit interesting. stiller and black don't show all their talent in this movie.so, if you're about to rent a comedy, i suggest you definitely don't go for this one. unless you want to get bored, and i can see i'm not the only one with this opinion, because even jack black apologized for it (take a look at trivia).

it seems that the people behind envy realised that recent comedies - especially ones involving ben stiller and to a lesser degree jack black - have been situation spoofs, which have steadily declined in originality and generally laughs. i found the sheer absurdity of zoolander utterly hilarious when it was released, starsky and hutch was also enjoyable, and then dodgeball kept the laughs going for a lot of people, although personally i was a bit tired of the over-the-top characters - especially when the scenario wasn't quite so funny (perhaps the comedy of a dodgeball tournament doesn't quite translate to australia, where it's rarely played). so in an attempt to do something a little more original, envy moves away from an absurd scenario and instead revolves around the absurd creation of jack black's character (i won't spoil what it is for those who intend to see the movie). the problem is that the movie seems to drag, i'm not a big enough movie buff to be able to think of examples, but it seems like this set up has been done a thousand times before - and very rarely successfully. so instead of a nice, crisp, enjoyable and fresh comedy, you get a film that seems to just go through the motions. sure the motions can be quite amusing, and they're centred on an idea that is quirky enough to provide a few laughs - especially with jack black playing the excited and amusing, though a bit 2d, creator. ben stiller on the other hand seems a bit lost, he's asked to play a fuller role than the ridiculous characters of his zoolander breed of movies, but he struggles as a family man, whether his fault or the scripts, there isn't enough depth to the character and the result is a movie of ben stiller doing those typical mannerisms and generally becoming tedious. the performance doesn't leave an imprint on the viewer (he's just ben stiller, jack black manages to actually portray a character - though not a challenging one). the last annoying element of the movie is christopher walken's role as 'the j man', which is about as typical and two dimensional as characters come, and naturally he becomes monotonous and frustrating very quickly.it's really not as unbearable as some people would have you think, it's watchable, especially if you're in the right mood (feeling silly would be a good prerequisite for seeing this film). hire it on a movie night with friends and watch it after you've watched a scary film and feel like something light - hopefully you'll also be somewhat tipsy by then too. in that scenario i can imagine it would be quite enjoyable, but generally it provides too few laughs to carry itself and most of the time just drags along.

please, someone stop ben stiller from acting in any movie. write the studios, hell, write your local congressman even. i've gotten more laughs going to a funeral then i have watching any stiller flick. jack black tries to make something about a comedy about disappearing dog crap, and christopher walken, perhaps on of the greatest actors of his generation, simply looks embarrassed to be there. stiller is his unfunny self,but now even with someone to bail him out, proves that he is way overrated as a comic. it's no wonder why this movie tanked badly, and was available of the dollar movie theaters after only a handful of weeks. i warn you, and you must warn your friends, do not watch this flick, it is just awful, worst then gothika (personally, i'd never thought i'd say that), worst the plan 9, worst the ishtar, worst then the golden child. please hollywood, quit allowing ben stiller in your movies, he's not funny, he's a god awful actor, and he's bringing others down with him. the following film was ranked 1 because there are no negative scores allowed, so while the board says one, i'll give it a zero.

i can't say much about this film. i think it speaks for itself (as do the current ratings on here). i rented this about two years ago and i totally regretted it. i even /tried/ to like it by watching it twice, but i just couldn't. i can safely say that i have absolutely no desire to see this waste of time ever, ever again. and i'm not one to trash a movie, but i truly believe this was awful. it wasn't even funny in the slightest. the only bits i enjoyed were the few scenes with christopher walken in them. i think this film ruined both jack black and ben stiller for me. all i can think of when i see one of their films now-a-days is this terrible movie, and it reminds me not to waste my money. amy poehler is so very annoying, too.overall, well, i think you get my point. the stars are for walken, by the way.

start with the script. i have seen cartoons with more depth than "envy". anytime characters keep repeating what you have already seen, and was not funny the first time, a movie is in deep trouble, which "envy" certainly is. a movie that relies on one joke had better have somewhere to go with it. here we have a film that goes absolutely nowhere. christopher walken especially would like to forget this bomb, because his character is so weak. ben stiller has been in some pretty good black comedies, "flirting with disaster", and "duplex", immediately come to mind. be certain that "envy" is not a black comedy. there are no double meanings, just total nonsense. "envy" deserves it's low rating, because like it's subject matter, it stinks. - merk

how can barry levinson possibly assemble white-hot comedy talents ben stiller and jack black, the gorgeous rachel weisz, old pro christopher walken and still deliver such a humourless stinker?stiller and black are friends until the latter invents a spray to make dog mess vanish and becomes a conspicuous consuming multi-millionaire.the premises is thin but sound enough in the right hands to have been a springboard for some great bitching between the two stars but all concerned overplay every hand, every chance they can.stiller and black are simply not funny for way too much of the time, weisz looks sensational as always but is criminally underused and, with the exception of walken as a batty barfly who urges stiller's character to take revenge, it's a turgid trudge to the end of this strained farce.

i admit to liking a lot of the so-called "frat-pack" movies. no matter how bad they are, i can find something to like about ben stiller or owen wilson or vince vaughn or will ferrell or jack black. but "envy" just left me about as cold as the white horse that ben disposed of. this time, it's ben and jack black as a couple of nutty neighbors, one of whom (black) discovers a aerosol spray to make animal poop disappear and becomes incredibly wealthy while the other (stiller) writhes in envy. that's supposedly the plot, but then it veers off in other directions that don't really make much sense.i guess the 'vapoorize' thing is sort of amusing at first. the problem is, they try to sustain the gag for the whole picture (black has a license plate that reads 'caca king') and it gets fairly tiresome. but even ben and jack are used poorly; the energy level for both of their performances seems significantly dialed down. the two best performances by far are rachel weisz and chris walken. walken's neo-hippie-dippie guy is so offbeat and so well-modulated a performance that it really never suggests any of walken's other familiar nutcase characters. it's completely unique, yet comes across as unmistakably walken. and weisz is about the best actress in the business that nobody knows about. even with limited screen time, she still dominates every scene she's in.the whole crux of the so-called drama is that ben, in a jealous drunken stupor, accidentally shoots jack's prize white stallion, and then goes to ridiculous lengths to cover it up, fearing his best friend will find out and cut him dead. but the plot twist isn't believable because there's nothing about jack's character to indicate that he would do such a thing. he plays such a sweet guy that it renders the whole excruciating horse chase null and void. you discount it completely. it's all filler. and what's the point of the out-of-control merry-go-round, except that barry levinson wants us to know that he's seen "strangers on a train"? the screenplay is painfully bad and the acting of the two leads poorly directed. someone with levinson's track record should know better. maybe someone will invent something to make this film disappear. oh, wait, they already have.

"envy" is bad for a number of reasons. yes, there are unlikeable characters. that's not the problem. it is that they are unlikeable and we do not care for them at all. "the war of the roses" featured unlikeable characters but due to proper introductions we grew to at least find ourselves interested in their fate, whereas in "envy" the introduction is thin, the characters are never believable, and the plot only makes things worse.ben stiller is simply repulsive in his role and i'm a fan of his work most of the time. stiller campaigned to have this released straight-to-video and now i can see why. the movie proposes that he's "best friends" with jack black, but from the first five minutes we are given footage that seems to indicate stiller hates black. i thought this would develop into some sort of one-sided relationship (a la "the cable guy") but it never does, instead stiller insists he's his "best friend" and i felt confused as he seemed to treat black like, well, "poo." the movie's plot is ridiculous but it doesn't matter, because it's supposed to be an exaggerated morality tale. unfortunately the message is lost in the mess. walken gives a good performance but black is off-key and annoying (and i usually find him very funny). no, it's not a horrible film but i still can't believe barry levinson ("rain man," "sleepers") is responsible for this - it's not one of the worst films of all time but it could certainly be a whole lot better. i wish va-poo-rize did exist - so we could make this film disappear forever....

how is it possible that a movie this bad can be made. bad acting. bad script. just an embarrassment all around. this is just one bad cliché after another.this movie actually has some big name stars in it. unfortunately they're singers and not actors.this movie made hardly any money for a good reason. the appeal of black cowboy movies just isn't there. it's a shame they didn't have a good story to tell. this movie actually has some big name stars in it. unfortunately they're singers and not actors.this movie made hardly any money for a good reason. the appeal of black cowboy movies just isn't there. it's a shame they didn't have a good story to tell.

wait, don't tell me... they threw out the movie and kept the out takes. you know, this movie could have been shot in a back alley in new york. the "gangster bangster" i guess. gangster rap, designer gangster duster clothes including the kerchief which somehow got moved from the neck for protection from the dust storms to the head. i guess it was to protect the head from the heat filtering through the k-mart hats. "budget rent-a-horsie", it seems, supplied the horsies. the one bedroom scene where the girl was talking and the guy was mouthing her words.... i though it was him talking. you know, watching this movie just confirms that, it isn't about the acting anymore... its about looks and it's about the money. couldn't have been too much of that where this movie is concerned. well, all in all, i think that this movie will go down as the all time worst movie ever made. just one more thing though, where was ice t? did he finally get to go on oprah?

pathetic is the word. bad acting, pathetic script, cheezy dialog and hip hop music & fashion...what the hell was up with that? the directer of this movie acts as bad as the movie he made. if someone would have taken some time and effort to rework the whole thing, it may of had a chance. bet the studios are still trying figure out how they could screw up up so badly.the absolute best thing about this movie was stacey dash...the asian chick wasn't too bad neither. these too gals carried the whole movie. if it weren't for them i would have destroyed my copy of this movie.if any of those who have not seen this yet and had a notion to, don't waste your time...you'll only regret it later.

hmm, hip hop music to a period western. modern phrases like "cool" and too many others to keep track of. "the sistahs are in tha house"!?french manicured nails on hard riding girls. microphone packs clearly visible on li'l kim's back. i just can't go on with the litany of errors made by the director and editors.the acting isn't as bad as i've ever seen. the women did well enough with a poor script.it was weird hearing louis mandylor speaking in his native accent.the girls are beautiful. the costumes fabulous albeit completely incorrect. i just can't believe they would dumb down what could have been a great story. i would feel offended to believe that this movie was loaded with such trappings that it would play well in the inner city.

i should have known when i looked at the box in the video store and saw lisa raye - to me, she's the female ernie hudson a.k.a. "le kiss of death" for *any* movie. its almost *guaranteed* the movie will be bad (e.g. congo)if hudson is in it (with the exception of the ghostbusters films, which were intentionally campy and bad). despite my instincts, and the fact that i just saw civil brand, yet another cinematic "tour de force" starring lisa raye, i rented it anyway. after all, i ignored my "hudson instinct" on oz and ended up watching a very quality series so i figured i'd give this movie a chance.if you are a lover of bad movies, this is a definite must see! this has got to be the most unintentionally funny movie i've seen in a loooong time. the plot is fairly straightforward: racheal's (monica calhoun) sister is killed by a band of brigands (led by bobby brown!) and, like many an action movie before this, she straps on her guns one last time and vows to avenge her sisters death. to do this, she reassembles the titular gang of roses (supposedly based on a true story of a female gang) and they go out and exact revenge and, along the way, there's some subplot or something or other about some gold that might be buried in the town. one nice thing i will say about this movie is that from what i could tell, the stars did their own riding and they looked great galloping.the funniest (albiet unintentionally funny) scenes? look for when they introduce stacy dash's character or when calhoun's character rescinds her vow not to strap on her guns (replete with a clenched fisted cry to the heavens) or lil' kim's character joking with lisa raye's character or stacy dash's character being killed or lil' kim's character convincing lisa raye's character to rejoin the gang or the asian chick or macy grey's character talking bout "the debt is paid", etc. with the exception of calhoun's racheal and bobby brown's left-eye, i can't even remember the names of the other characters cuz i was laughing so hard when they were introduced.if the director had gone for parody and broad comedy this would have been a great movie. unfortunately, he tries to take it seriously seemingly without first taking exposition, sound design (in his defense, hip-hop is notoriously difficult to work into a period piece), set design, script writing nor period historical research (was it me,or were these the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west?) seriously. usually when i see a movie that's not so good, i ask myself "could you have done any better?" this is the first time in a long time where the answer is an unequivocal "yes!"

sistas in da hood. looking for revenge and bling bling. except da hood is a wild west town in the late 1800s. i do not remember any westerns like this when i was growing up. what would randolph scott say? if he saw lil' kim, he might say, "alright! i have to admit that i tuned into this just to see her. bare midriffs and low cut blouses are not the staple of the usual cowboy flick, but these are the cowgirls, and they are fine.now, don't go looking for any major story here, and the usual stuff of ghetto crime drama are here in a different setting. and, when's the last time you heard john wayne call someone, "dawg"? and, i don't remember the earp brothers hugging and kissing before they marched to the ok corral.i watch this on bet, so i missed the action that got it an r rating, but i doubt if i will buy the dvd to see it unless i can be assured it was lil' kim in that action.

who? what? where? when? why? the acting was terrible. very robotic, rehearsed. i have seen all of the actors in this film in better roles. the screenplay was very elementary. by the end of this film, the story line was tied up. and jeane claude lamarre should be tied up, too. so that he never attempts to write/direct another film.

oh, come on people give this film a break. the one thing i liked about it was......... sorry, still thinking. oh yeah!!!! when john wayne came and shot up the the bad guys. oh, sorry, wrong movie, i was thinking of a better quality film. let me see now, i'm still trying to defend it. oh yeah, the chick that was from clueless was in it. don't put down stacy dash. i mean, we all make mistakes. but boy, stacy, you made a dooooosie.hey, one thing that has never been done in a western, even an all female cast, they actually hung a woman from the gallows. that might be a western first. even though her neck should have been broken and she survived the ordeal, still, you've got to give the director some effort for trying a western first. also, i've never seen a woman lynched from a horse in any western, although that didn't happen in this movie, i just thought i would give the director another idea for gang of roses#2, which should be made right after ed wood's bride of the monster #2. maybe that was what the makers of this film were going for. orginality, especially with an all african woman cast and an oriental cowgirl.heeey, if the makers of gang of roses want to make a sequel to this mess, you could have such slang like, "hey, don't you be takin about my homegirls" and "talk to the hand, baby, talk to the hand." you could also have a surfer dude type deputy marshal that says things like, "that gunfight was totally rad man, totally." you know things like that.

an absolute steaming pile of cow dung. it's mind-blowing to me that this film was even made. hip-hop and old westerns just don't seem to mix. what target audience were these people thinking of when planning this trainwreck.not only is the concept and plot a joke, but the acting is atrocious and the fact that some decent actors were even in this nightmare of a film makes their entire careers a laughing stock. the chick from clueless should never be forgiven and she is stripped of any remaining dignity she had. after reading the first ten pages of dialogue she should have been asking which one of her friends was playing this sick joke. after some research, i actually found a list of some other actors who passed on this film: jada pinkett-smith, denzel washington, brandy, monique, kim kardasian, jenna jameson, oprah, and finally marge simpson.simply put, i would rather stare at a blank tv than watch this movie again.

the costumes, the dialog, historical accuracy are terrible. for instance, - stacey dash and the hanging scene. the noose was accurate ( as for as i could tell), but that type of noose broke the person's neck. ms. dash is left hanging at the end of the rope with no ill effects until the rope was shot. this type of not did not strangle the person, it killed them at the end of the drop.and right before they go in to rob a bank (in a flashback), they pause on the street for a group hug - with their bandannas hiding their faces - that would have been obvious to people on the street.the poor editing - that is a battery pack under that shirt and it is obvious, the clip of the "long ride" shows them riding along, then reverses the film.i did like the fact that they kept the scene with the horse taking a crap - it seemed symbolic. the entire movie was crap.

must have to agree with the other reviewer. this has got to be the worst movie, let alone western i have ever seen. terrible acting, dialogue that was unimaginative and pathetic (let alone completely inappropriate for supposedly being in the 1800s), and oh, did i mention a battery pack prominently displayed on the back of one of the characters? i was waiting for the boom mike to fall in the middle of a scene. and the ending? the least i can say is that it was consistent with the rest of the movie...completely awful. and yes, it did contain every cliché in the book from the slow walk down the empty dusty road to the laughable "let's remember when" shots when a main character dies. luckily i saw this on free tv. don't waste your time.

this was an excellent idea and the scenery was beautiful but that's where it ends. it seemed like a lackluster set it off meets the west. the plot barely made any sense. there were so many characters and not enough time to develop their personalities. there were too may unnecessary things going on that didn't pertain to the plot nor did it help further the story along. there were also long blank moments where the plot could have been explored but was used for silence or unnecessary conversations. the script should have made more sense as well as the directing. i had a huge question mark on my head watching this movie. but the casting was great in my opinion. if you're only watching for eye candy then this is the movie for you.

alright, i got passed the horrible acting. i got passed the fact that lil kim was blasting some cannons and her arms or hands weren't moving, i got passed the weaves, i got passed the colored contacts.this is what killed it for me: in the scene where the four roses were sitting at the table arguing. lisa-raye and monica calhoun stand up and, and then lil kim gets up to break up any hostilities by saying, "whoa, whoa, whoa, hold up. let's chill out here for a hot second." i am a fan of the western movie genre, and i never heard anyone talk slang like this in any of clint eastwood's movies.if anyone thinks this movie deserves over a 1 rating, please tell me another movie that's worse than gang of roses.i'm through.

i would have liked to give this movie a zero but that wasn't an option!! this movie sucks!!! the women cannot act. i should have known it was gonna suck when i saw bobby brown. nobody in my house could believe i hadn't changed the channel after the first 15 minutes. the idea of black females as gunslingers in the western days is ridiculous. it's not just a race thing, it's also a gender. the combination of the two things is ridiculous.i am sorry because some of the people in the movie aren't bad actors/actresses but the movie itself was awful. it was not credible as a movie. it might be 'entertaining' to a certain group of people but i am not in that group. lol. and using a great line from a great, great movie..."that's all i have to say about that."

this could be a strong candidate for "the worst flick ever". perhaps without the presence of john hurt, it could be tolerated as a kid-film. however, the tragedy of this entire endeavor, is that john hurt, one of the screen's greatest actors, diminishes himself in this....i gave it two points just because mr. hurt showed up...i take away 8 points, because he didn't run from it fast enough. as far as the rest of the cast, they are, simply, terrible. janine turner, as pretty as she might be, cannot act to save her soul. and the lead actor is, for all intents and purposes, awful. if you can spare yourself this embarrassment, please do so. it's so bad, it almost hurts.

so what's the big fuss out of making an indiana jones wannabe when you have an actor who's cast as a fictional dude from adventure storybooks who doesn't want to go out on an adventure??? whoever wrote the script for jake speed was probably fired, but for whatever reasons possible, this movie greatly lacks in excitement! that doesn't mean it has no action, but look on the dark side of the picture. this has got to bare no resemblance to indiana jones or other action-adventure thrills containing cliffhangers and narrow escapes, and jake speed was promoted that way using clever propaganda to make me and several others interested in it! besides, i've never heard of the guy, so who needs his attention?

don't let the name of this film deceive you, in reality jake speed the character is quite possibly the laziest action hero ever known to film. when jake speed is not saving virgin girls from evil madmen, which he is often not, he's seriously relaxing. perhaps this adds to his charm, but in my opinion an action hero is not suppose to "chill out" whenever he gets the chance. furthermore, unlike other daring heros who usually have an impressive list of talents, this man has none, unless of course you call sleeping a talent. anyhow, this movie is basically worthless, the writing is sub par and the action, when there is some, is very lame. (the machine guns on the jeep weren't bad, but that's about it) so, if you're in the mood to watch a movie that is a cure for insomnia, then this piece is perfect for you - it has a hero that not only puts himself to sleep, but also his audience.

franco rossi's 1985 six-hour italian mini-series of quo vadis is a very curious beast, creating an absolutely convincing ancient roman world shot in matter of fact fashion (very few long shots, no big cityscapes), but playing the drama down so much in favour of allusions to classical literature and history that the story constantly gets lost in the background.the shifting structure (much of episode one is played out via voice over letters) and lack of narrative urgency makes the full six-hour version simultaneously demanding and undemanding, and certainly far too often uninvolving, but it has something going for it. the two main strengths are the characterisation of petronius (a thankfully dubbed frederic forrest, whose own voice would almost certainly flatten his dialogue) as a man whose spent so long looking for an astute angle to survive court life that he's become incapable of experiencing emotion, and klaus maria brandauer's unique take on nero as a wannabe actor whose every move and action is calculated on how his 'audience' will receive it. elsewhere, max von sydow briefly appears in a few episodes, being rewarded with the show's most impressive and genuinely moving scene here he encounters a child as he attempts to leave rome. it's the kind of thing the show could do with more of, but it seems all too often to flatten every potentially emotional, inspiring or exciting moment under it's relentlessly low-key direction.unfortunately francesco quinn makes a staggeringly anonymous hero, blending in with the walls and coming over less as a roman officer than that quiet, slightly gormless but inoffensive guy who works in the same office as you who never says much at office parties - you know, the one who you think is called dave or something like that. the budgetary limitations are very visible once its meet the lions time for the christians and ursus battle with the bull is so determinedly low key that it just passes over you before the show just abruptly loses interest and suddenly ends.not a trip i can particularly recommend, i'm afraid, but if you do embark on it it's one not entirely without its small rewards.

this film, originally released at christmas, 1940, was long thought lost. a very poor copy has resurfaced and made into a cd, now for sale. don't buy it! the film is unspeakably terrible. the casting is poor, the script is awful, and the directing is dreadful.picture roland young singing and dancing. and that was the highlight.perhaps this movie was lost deliberately.

well i just paid a dollar for a dvd of this movie, and it wasn't even worth that. it seems to be from a poor print and is in the public domain, i am guessing.neagle - despite her glory, awards, and reputation - is a homely british gal who can't sing or dance or act.some of the fine old hollywood character actors on display here must have thought they were doing a classic. director herbert wilcox (neagle's husband) always thought anna was the most exciting and talented femme on the screen. he was mistaken. she was improbably popular in britain before and after wwii. her "serious" roles are even more ludicrous than her musical appearance here.only a couple of the famous songs are included and neither one is well presented. skip this one and find the one that stars doris day. at least you get some real comedy and professional style dancing!

this sad little film bears little similarity to the 1971 broadway revival that was such a 'nostalgic' hit. keep in mind that when burt shevelove directed that revival, he rewrote the book extensively. i have a feeling that this screenwriter wrought as much of a change from the original 1925 version as well. i played the 'innocent philanderer' jimmy smith on-stage in 1974, and thought this $1 dvd would bring back memories. not a chance. even the anticipated delight of seeing "topper" roland young play 'my' part was a major disappointment. three songs from the play remain, and are done very poorly. even the classic duet, "tea for two", is done as a virtual solo. the many familiar faces in this 1940 fiasco do not do themselves proud at all, and the star, anna neagle, just embarrasses herself. when i feel gypped by spending a dollar, i know the film must be bad. another commentator mentioned the doris day version, which is actually called "tea for two" and is about doing the stage play (the original, of course), so those who are seeking the true "no no nanette" might find a more recognizable version there.

this version is likely available at your local dollar store on dvd. the print is not great, nor is the sound, but if you have $1.00 and 90 or so minutes to spare, you'll get your money's worth (which is not saying an awful lot). anna neagle is extremely vapid as nanette. whatever her charms may have been back in the day, they are not evident in this film. a great number of fine character actors appear in this film (helen broderick, zasu pitts, even arden), but the material falls remarkably short of their talents. still, it is interesting to see how such accomplished performers make the most of the weak writing. the musical numbers (there are really only two) are quite horrible. clearly the studio did not feel compelled to cash in on the rich musicality of the original "no, no, nanette". for what it's worth, the dvd can be had for $1.00. it's worth that much just to say you've seen it.

my roommate got the no, no, nanette soundtrack as a dub on a tape and she proceeded to listen to it non-stop. after it finally totally brainwashed me into submission, i found the songs to be irresistible, especially the famous, i want to be happy, but i can't be happy... but of coarse from the soundtrack i had no idea what the film was about. so the other day i saw a copy of it at the video store and i rented what was supposed to be a long lost version of the film. i was thinking that it was going to be amazing, because the soundtrack is so cute. unfortunately most of the songs that i loved were nowhere to be found in the video i saw. now i've never seen the 1930 version of the musical but this version was sadly disappointing because there was very little singing and practically no dancing and beside that the sound was really bad through out and you couldn't really understand what people were saying a lot of the time. really the only highlights of this film were the outrageous 1940's fashion. nanette wears this crazy hat with two feathers that stick out like rabbit ears and kansas kitty has this bizarre feather muff that she keeps on her fore arm and then has herself wrapped in this net scarf. the one dance sequence is a little weird too with nanette doing this weird ballet stuff with pin-up girl imagery superimposed on top of her. actually one more bright spot of the film was the artist guillespe who dreams of being a fine artist but it currently condemned to drawing pin-up girls for money. i like how guillespe keeps it old school, and disses nanette when his masterpiece, the piece that was to make his career, is sold by nanette for a paltry $5250. doesn't she realize that that piece was his immortality? silly rabbit/girl with your feather rabbit ears on your hat. when will you learn? why doesn't he just pencil in a cigarette before the ad men take the work away?

at the end of this episode holmes asks watson not to record the case for posterity.for a good reason! the super sleuth left his little grey cells(sorry agatha)at home for this tale. there is no deductive reasoning,no acute analysis of signs at crime scenes. holmes bumbles along fifty yards behind the plot. the dastardly cam is finally dealt to by an old frail-in a manner that would have made charles bronson's heart swell with pride-six bullets in the breadbasket.in an ensuing chase a pursuer gets hold of one of watson's shoes.mercifully the writer didn't decide to tack on the story of cinderella to lengthen the film.the murderess,holmes and watson,escape scot free. oh well,it is a bit of a change of pace in late victorian london.a bit of sixgun law:-)

i found the pace to be glacial and the original story blown way out of proportion to the content. my wife slept through most of it and i did not try to wake her because i felt she was not missing anything.when holmes and watson enter the house and then are potentially caught, it is unclear how they could hide all of their entry and burglary tools so quickly. it is also unclear how the door to the study is locked, preventing the servants from getting in.the thing that puzzled me was right at the end when there was a glint in the eye of the broken statute. i have no clue what this was supposed to represent.

why were there so many people crowding into an evening showing of roberto moreira's "up against them all" ("contra todos") at the san francisco film festival? "it's about a hit man," my friend said. "well. . . and it's brazilian," i added. beautiful multicolored people, tropical weather, lush rhythms, and a hip gangster plot? ample enticements no doubt.somebody forgot to tell us one little detail: this is a very bad movie, really pretty horrible, and as unpleasant to watch as it is poorly made.so how on earth did "contra todos" get to make the rounds of berlin, melbourne, london, manila, stockholm, cairo, chicago, numerous smaller local festivals, and now san francisco? apparently, because of the way the promotional process and the film festival circuit work.first of all, it won first prize at the rio film festival where it was called the best brazilian movie of the year. it must have been a bad year; they've had much, much better ones. next, snappy synopses in catalogs plus imaginary buzz lead to crowded auditoriums and -- since the movie isn't featured anywhere and so avoids close scrutiny by critics -- it keeps going the rounds.festival blurbs aimed at promotion sometimes goose it up a lot. a chicago festival one called "contra todos" "a speedball cocktail shot straight out of brazil" and referred to claudia's s boyfriend as the "stud of the slum-like neighborhood." soninha is "teodoro's nymph-like teen-aged daughter of burgeoning sexuality." the movie is "shot with the urgency of a frequently hand-held camera" and the director "works up a genuine and palpable sense of frustration borne from domestic desperation and decay." the effect is " unbearably raw and honest," and the movie hurtles "toward a conclusion as dead-ended as the lives on display." not the best writing, but it sure pumps up the excitement for a certain kind of potential viewer."contra todos" does concern a hit man, two hit men actually, and a wife and daughter and a born-again christian girlfriend. it's shot -- in execrably ugly digital video with no talent behind the camera-work -- mostly in a barren-looking poor suburb rather than in one of the teeming "favelas" or village-like brazilian city slums where such wonderful films as "black orpheus", "pixote," and "city of god" were made, and not in rio this time, but são paulo.the hit man with family problems is teodoro ( giulio lopez) and his partner with a drug problem is waldomiro (ailtan graça). both actors have a little tv experience as does the actress who plays teodoro's sluttish blonde wife cláudia (leona cavalli) and silvia lorenço who plays his pouting, ready-to-revolt daughter soninha. these actors might make it through the back corners of a few telenovelas. who knows? -- in a better directed film they might even be good. aside from them there are some young men who get bumped off by teordoro or, when he's busy, gangs of thugs. the principals don't work up much presence, even though the camera magnifies their pores.a couple of observers, one at the berlin festival and one at london's, did see this movie's failings but alas they're buried in the web hinterlands. henry sheehan noted from berlin that the "film" (his quotes) was "the worst of the video works" shown. "the filmmaker seems to have chosen video simply because it was a cheap alternative to film," sheehan wrote, "and hasn't made any creative use of the new medium" -- nor, he adds, done anything else creative.sheehan pointed out the movie's first big mistake: it "starts off as a domestic drama that's supposed to ratchet up when, half an hour into the action, moreira reveals that the father and one of his friends are professional hit men. waiting the thirty minutes adds nothing to the movie; it seems like a perfectly arbitrary decision and is, at the very least, a waste of time. but ratcheting up is all moreira ever does, like a little kid who's gotten a tool kit for his birthday, and goes around banging everything in sight without rhyme, reason or skill." devastating, but true.writing about the 2004 london festival for kamera.com, metin alsanjak tried to look at the positive side but nonetheless gave away the lack of redeeming features in calling the performances "easily the film's best feature." yes, very easily, given that everything else is so bad. alsanjak admitted that " this low-budget, violent and seedy account of the lawless in sao paulo is devoid of any likable characters, and as a result, of hope. too dark and cynical to be a telling account of the human condition, the film is not helped by poor subtitling.. ." alsanjak's connecting contra todos to "dogme" and mike leigh didn't help matters.apart from that meaningless first half hour in which nothing redeems the boredom of our wait for the first acts of violence -- which, when they come, are just "banging everything in sight without rhyme, reason or skill" -- moreira clumsily tries to redeem his abrupt finale by adding what appear to be outtakes right after it, followed by an implausible ironic concluding scene where one of the characters gets married. no doubt the director wanted to exhibit the "banality of evil" of low-level hit men in working class neighborhoods, but he can't make the characters, which he sees generically, come alive for us. and the structure of the film shows that he also can't edit his material. (seen at the san francisco international film festival on april 28, 2005.)

this is not an entirely bad movie. the plot (new house built next door seems to be haunted) is not bad, the mood is creepy enough, and the acting is okay. the big problem i had is that, being familiar with lara flynn boyle (from twin peaks and other shows), i couldn't get over how different she looks with her apparently new, big lips. i kept staring at them. they look so out of place on her face! they make her look completely different (and not better).mark-paul gosselaar, the actor who plays kim the architect who designs and pours his heart and soul into the house, does a fine job. and lara (as col) is also quite good (but those lips!) as the owner of the house next door. her husband, walker (colin ferguson) is appropriately wooden. the various characters who live in the house were also fine. i particularly liked pie (charlotte sullivan) and her husband, buddy (stephen amell), the first people to move into the house. the attempt to involve us in the overall neighborhood vibe fails, unfortunately, as the other neighbors are not particularly likable.for some reason the director was unable to make the "haunted" house particularly ominous. other movies (such as amityville horror, the legend of hell house) manage to achieve that spooky feel, but it just doesn't happen here. the closest is when col paints a depiction of the house.another thing that didn't work for me is the plot twist that occurs with kim, the architect. initially, he appears to be a victim of the house like the others (it has sucked him dry of inspiration), but later he seems to have joined forces with it in evil.overall, not a bad movie for horror fans if you can take your eyes off those big lips!

oh, it's the movie - i thought i waited too long to take out the dog... i can't believe i watched the whole thing. i guess i was optimistically anticipating that it was going to get better. horribly disjointed dialog, pathetic acting, and totally improbable events. like toby's mom hanging herself in the time it takes col to walk upstairs and back down in a room with a 24' ceiling and no chairs, counters or anything around her motionlessly suspended body that she could have possibly used to climb on to do herself in. the little girl that played the daughter of the last family was the best actor in the whole movie, and the puppy of the first couple was a close second. the basic storyline has potential and with a good script and director could be a seriously creepy flick, but this version sadly is not it. i get more scared when i open my electric bill every month.

this movie is pure guano. mom always said if you can't say anything nice... but even mom would say i had to do my part to warn others of this movie.i can guarantee this is the film that geoffrey rush wishes would just go away. i would hope that greg kinnear fired his agent..from a cannon for giving him the script. after this ben stiller is probably praying for someone to pitch "there's still something about mary." i have always been a fan of wes studi's, thank whatever you hold holy that he wore a mask through the film so maybe people won't identify the film with him.it starts of promisingly with a stylistic spoof of the cinematography of the batman films and then just loses something...like a coherent plot and half decent effects.the jokes are telegraphed an hour before the punchline comes, and even then they fall flat. if you want to see an effective spoof of the comic book world see "chasing amy".run! don't walk away from "mystery men"!

life in some future fascist or near fascist state which severely restricts personal freedoms is a recurrent theme both in modern literature and for film makers. such works post us warnings about undesirable trends in our society to watch out for; but to be effective they must also be entertaining. unfortunately most of the books are probably more effective in posting the warnings than in entertaining us enough to become really widely read; whilst with the films the problem is usually the other way round. the first such work to become really widely known was probably george orwell's "1984" (first published in 1948), and this is still readily available both in the form of a book and as a film.watch or read it: and then, when you are feeling a little depressed by man's inhumanity to man, reach for cinderella 2000. this is a feather light low budget film comedy based on the same theme which provides effortless but unrewarding viewing; and as with 1984 the calendar has now passed beyond its erstwhile period. most of the comedy is laid on with a trowel although there are just a few genuinely funny moments. to exercise your mind in the long intervals between these you can focus it on the question of whether this film will gain a new extension of life by being released as a dvd or whether it will finally disappear into oblivion as existing tape copies deteriorate past redemption. there are many worse films appearing as dvd's these days, and frankly i do not care much what happens either way.so far the best of the films of this genre has probably been "the handmaiden's tale", but i would very happily swap them all for a well made film of jack london's towering novel "the iron heel". ambitious as this would be, it still seems incredible that no modern film maker has yet dared to attempt it (imdb only lists a b/w silent version made in russia in 1919).

this film is roughly what it sounds like: a futuristic version of the cinderella legend but with songs and (fairly tame) sex scenes! the film is not sure what it wants to be and pretty much ends up a mess. it's more expensive looking than most of director al adamson's films but it's not at the same budget level that viewers have come to expect from sci-fi films. the actors are pretty bad and unlike most adamson films, there are no former big namers or b actors. some of the music is ok but it's easy to see why cinderella 2000 has been forgotten for so many years.

i remember loving this show when i was a kid. i thought the helicopter was the coolest thing i've seen. it was ultra high-tech for it's time. it could repel enemy fire, do all sorts of acrobatics in the air, and take down nearly anything in it's way. now i go back and watch it today and am surprised how lousy this show really is. the casts members are hardly compelling, there are a lot of cheesy moments, and the fight scenes are incredibly fake looking. and nearly every ending has the same helicopter fighting crap with the obvious reuse of grainy low quality stock footage. lot of the footages appear to date from the vietnam war era.airwolf has basically the same theme as knight rider, except the crime-fighting vehicle of choice is a helicopter instead of a car. after watching a few episodes, i found myself utterly bored. i do, however, love the theme music.

i really looked forward to this program for two reasons; i really liked jan michael vincent and i am an aviation nut and have a serious love affair with helicopters. i don't like this program because it takes fantasy to an unbelievable level. the world speed record for helicopters was set at 249 mph by a westland lynx several years ago. the only chopper that was ever faster was the experimental lockheed ah56a in the 1960's. it hit over 300 and was a compound helicopter, which means it had a pusher propeller at the end of its fuselage providing thrust.in short, no helicopter can fly much over 275 because of the principle of rotary wing flight. and the bell 222, the "actor" that portrayed airwolf wasn't very fast even by helicopter standards. and it didn't stay in production very long.there was a movie that came out during this time period called "blue thunder" that was much more realistic.

*****warning: may contain spoilers********* my huge problem with this movie is how totally self-centered and self consumed the adulteress wife is!! after having a one night stand with a slimy psycho she is being stalked by him. he calls her constantly and threatens her and even sends a video of their night together. he is obviously crazy and very dangerous. the problem is she only thinks he is dangerous to her (and exposing her secret). not for one second did she ever have one thought of concern for her husband! did she even for a moment think of him possibly being in danger from this psychotic?? as soon as she realized how mental he was she should have warned her husband no matter what the consequences. maybe there wouldn't have been a movie then but there really wasn't one anyway so what's the difference.

i bought this dvd for $1 at walmart. after seeing it, i might just return to the store and try to get my money back! the only reason i gave the movie a 2 and not a 1 is that the story has a few novel story elements, though it really never rises to the level of being interesting. this film has all the earmarks of being a made for the drive-in theaters market--ultra-low budget, amateurish acting and a liberal dose of sex (for an early 60s film). in fact, i wonder if perhaps the only reason the film was made was to make a fast buck and because someone knew some strippers they could use as extras. the film is about a wacko doctor who wants to transplant his girlfriend's severed head onto the body of an unsuspecting donor. most of the potential donors are skanky strippers or a model--whose only real purpose in the film is to titillate as they remove most of their clothes. however, they keep too much on to make the movie even worth watching for the naughty bits and the film isn't quite awful enough to merit watching by bad film buffs.

this film was really bad whether you take it as a sci-fi movie, as a horror one or even as a comedy. the whole thing is ridiculous.the film looks (and is) definitely cheap, the actors have no idea of what acting is and the script shows clearly that it was being made along with the shooting. it is obvious that the monster in the closet was added because the living head was not scary at all -she was even pretty- and they thought they needed something more impressive; they failed here too (the make up is awful even for the late 50's, rather funny).the film shows clearly why director joseph green's career as such and also as a writer never materialized; he was really bad at both. same goes to the actors, leading and supporting."the brain that wouldn't die"'s best achievement is its short running time.

this movie is a loose collection of unintelligible analogies and ill conceived plot devices.movie history: the director of this film was a pervert who drove around town filming random women. when his wife discovered the film reels, he was forced to quickly contrive a story. he claimed he was making a movie called "the brain that wouldn't die." eventually, his wife demanded that he show her his "so called movie." that night he quickly filmed some extra scenes with a friend and "the brain that wouldn't die" was born.i hate this movie! plot synopsis: the main character's fiancé is killed in a horrible car accident(that he caused by ignoring the clearly posted road signs). he grabs her head from the wreckage and reanimates it. after reanimating the head, he goes and picks up a bunch of hookers. that is pretty much what happens for the rest of the movie. at the end, he fights and is killed by a monster that lives in the closet. the monster appears with little to no explanation. however, the monster saves a hooker and i assume that they live happily ever after.side notes: the end credit screen claims that the movie is called "the head that wouldn't die".i hate this movie!

... or an audience. a quick recap....so you've got this doctor who's been experimenting with stolen body parts for some vague reason. he wants to perfect transplants, but feels he needs to do this in his basement. wtf??? and then suddenly, unfortunately, and conveniently, his fiancé gets her head cut off in a traffic accident that he's responsible for. agonized with grief, he preserves her head in a lasagna pan (or is it strudel?) and pumps it full of "adreno-serum" (sic) to keep it alive. and then she awakes, talking her head off (so to speak) even though her neck was obviously severed at the vocal cords, and she has no lungs so she couldn't speak even if she had 'em. seems the ungrateful b*tch doesn't appreciate all that her fiancé has done for her. just like a woman.....then his grief turns to horniness as he sees the possibility of grafting his beloved's head onto the body of the first sleazy bimbo he can pick up off the street. meanwhile, the doctor's assistant, a sort of dime-store igor, gets into philosophical arguments with the head, who has struck up a telekinetic friendship with the "monster in the closet" (every mad scientist has one). eventually the screenwriter realizes that he can't keep inflicting his misogyny and fear of intimacy issues on the audience ad infinitum, so he kills everybody, then presumably goes to the bank to cash the check before the movie's financial backers have a chance to stop payment on it. have i mentioned that i think this is a bad movie?someone should tell turner classic movies to stop showing that edited version without the gory stuff. the sight of the assistant with his arm ripped off, pirouetting around the house without leaving much blood anywhere is just too precious.

...but it'll make you wonder if we had any in the first place! this movie is just as bad as any of today's horrible horror. a man goes around ogling semi-clad ladies, trying to decide which one to kill so he can give his girlfriend a new body. one scene involves a man staggering around and spurting all over the set for a full three minutes, coating everything what what must be well over ten gallons of "blood." the movie also attempts to create a sense that what the man is doing to his girlfriend is wrong and against nature, but the movie is so badly done it's impossible for the audience to dredge up any feeling of shock or outrage. aimlessly dark and unimpressively sinister, this movie can't even get its own title straight-- the beginning credits say "the brain that wouldn't die," but the end credits list it as "the head that wouldn't die."

the brain that wouldn't die is one awful piece of film that stinks from the opening credits. it's got all the classic signs of being bad: unbelieveable plotline, terrible acting, low-grade sets and lighting. the plotline goes like this: when a doctor and his fiancee get caught in an accident, she gets decapitated and he picks up her head and takes her to his lab, where he sets up her head in a pan with some special liquid that keeps it alive. i'll bet virgnina leath, who played the head in a pan had to spend a lot of uncomfortable time wearing that pan around her neck and squatting under a table. anyway, the doctor then tries to find her a new body, and hires two strippers so she can chose one to have her new body. bad all the way through, so bad it was torn to pieces on mystery science theater 3000.

the brain (or head) that wouldn't die is one of the more thoughtful low budget exploitation films of the early 1960s. it is very difficult to imagine how a script this repulsively sexist could have been written without the intention of self-parody. and the themes that are expressed repeatedly by the female lead, ginny leith - a detached head kept alive by machines, i-vs and clamps - seem to confirm that the film was meant to simultaneously exploit and critique gender stereotypes. shades of the under-rated boxing helena.the genderisms are plentiful, and about as irritating as an army of angry ants. the dialog is hyperbolic, over-dramatic and unbelievable, and the acting is merely ok (but not consistent). why have i given this film a 4? because some thought clearly went into it. i am really not sure what point the film was really trying to make, but it seems clear that it strives for an unusually edgy and raw sort of horror (without the blood and guts today's audiences expect).another unique and interesting aspect of the brain is that there really are not any heroes in this film, and none of the characters are particularly likable.all considered, this is a fairly painful and disturbing look at early 1960s american pop sexuality, from the viewpoint of a woman kept alive despite her missing body after what should have been a fatal car crash. her lover is threatening to sew a fresh, high quality, body onto her and force her to continue living with him. she is understandably non-plussed by all of this and forced to befriend a creature who is almost as monstrous as her boyfriend. oh, there are also some vague references to the 1950s/60s cliché about the evils of science run amok.recommended for b sci fi buffs and graduate students in gender studies. o/w not recommended.

this one hearkens back to the days of the matinée, when kids with nowhere else to hang out took their dates to the balcony after dumping their younger siblings below. it didn't matter what was on the screen - the little kids would sit through it and the big kids would ignore it. the adults, of course, would never see it.but they put it on video, anyway, along with most of the other creaky, low-budget "b" horror flicks of the golden age...of television. this film's inherent and unintentional humor is derived from stale ideology (the "bad girls" harvested to replace poor jan's crushed body - they had it comin'), overused plot (a mad scientist, trying to play god), violent yet conscientious monster (whose presence in the heretofore-normal-seeming scientist's rural lab is never fully explained), and acting that polarizes at wooden or over-the-top.this is a great party film, assuming your guests enjoy adding dialog and commentary to otherwise abominable cinematic exploits. in fact, should you or your guests prefer more passive entertainment, this film is also available on video in its "mystery science theater 3000" treatment, in which the host and puppets of the cult tv series make the necessary additions for you.

a scientist and his girl friend are out driving when his speeding causes a car crash. he escapes unharmed but she is decapitated. he saves her head, brings it to his house and keeps it alive (!!!!). he then proceeds to search out models and strippers for the perfect body for the head. his crippled assistant watches over the head which starts talking and has a telepathic (or telepathetic) link to a deformed monster kept in the closet....as you can see, this is pretty stupid stuff, but i had a certain fondness for it. when i grew up in the late 1970s, a local tv station showed this movie about 20 times each year (no exaggeration). they showed it always on saturday afternoon tv--uncut. seeing this on tv back then was great! explicit blood and gore along with a gruesome monster and sleazy sexploitation--who cares if it was good? seeing it now i realize how lousy this really is.the acting is perfectly wretched, the production values are nonexistent, the script is pretty dumb and (aside from the still pretty disgusting gore) this is dull stuff. there's also a mild cat fight between two women and the admittedly great monster at the end. also add in an ending which leaves tons of loose ends. on one hand this is an interesting example of a 1960s exploitation film. on the other its utter trash. either way, it's not a good movie but is a must-see (for one time only) for horror and gore fans.also the head's laugh is pretty creepy. note the end credits which gets the title wrong (calling it "the head that wouldn't die")!

i caught "sorrows lost" at the new york film and video festival and i guess i had some high hopes for this film. sadly, this is just another visual fx calling card. the story is pretty lame. the bad lighting and camera work, along with the less than great editing and music all make the film seem low quality.is it really too much to ask that fx shorts have better stories and have the rest of the technical production be on par with the fx! you can't just get away with cool fx in shorts anymore, it's been 5 years since "405" made a big splash. at least that short quick, cool and was even a little funny! none of that can be said about "sorrows lost."

i saw this dvd in my friends house and thought that this was a turkish action movie with some hollywood-not very big-names in it. interested enough i decide to give it a shot later.. it was a tough to bear experience believe me. then, after finally seeing the credits roll i tought 'we turks really suck at hollywood style film making.. this is an insult to the heist|hostage movie genre..' but then wait! i checked some names and no, they were not turkish names and no, this was not a turkish movie; on the contrary it was literally shot in america with an american director & crew! that made me thinking-again!- how on earth can you persuade names like micheal madsen, edward furlong or even arnold vosloo to take part in such a project? with money probably.. that kept me thinking further.. how can you raise such amount of money to offer them and a supposedly international cast? then all my meditation paid off and i came to find the answer.by hiring the cheapest equipment and crew that you can find. and if you still have to difficulty in adjustin your budget then: by writing and directing the movie you are trying to produce-or vice versa i don't have any information on that-. so bottom line this is not a bad movie as everybody are so anxious to present as.. it makes you think -in my case even meditate- and there are a lot of movies outthere that doesn't give even that affect.. this one at least makes you think; it makes you wonder.. it leaves you with disbelief.. and then it makes you wonder again..

spoiler: the young lover, jed, is kicked out by the spinster, kate (andie mcdowell), because she wrongly believes that jed is having an affair with one of her two catty girlfriends. kate thought she caught them en flagrante delicto. kate throws jed's shoes out the door. jed reluctantly leaves, and then sits in the middle of the road to put his shoes on. then he gets run over ("crushed", one of the meaning of the title) by a truck. and dies."and then he gets run over by a truck." can you imagine a screenwriter actually submitting a script with this plot element? up to then, its a comedy that intends to be frothy, but lacks any real fizz. everybody but jed is just annoying. and then they kill jed, and everybody's sad, until the end where the gals learn to love one another and be supportive, instead of destructive. i give it 2 ugh's.

i think that, deep down in the darkest, slimiest part of their heart, everyone likes jerry springer just a little bit. while his show is undeniably offensive and stupid, it also gives us a chance to see that, relatively speaking, most of us have it real good. when you look at the trailer park livin', dollar whiskey drinkin', incest lovin' people on the springer show, it makes even your worst day seem like a walk in the park. jerry is performing a public service, and we should be grateful. he ditched a political career to host the show, just for us.what we should not be grateful for in any way is the piece of garbage movie "ringmaster". "ringmaster" shows what life is like for people who wind up being guests on the show, or so they would like us to think. the movie follows the pre-requisite springer story line: love triangles. one triangle involves connie, her daughter angel, and her husband rusty. the other involves starletta, vonda, and demond. when the two hapless groups meet up in la, their lives intertwine and collide head-on, all culminating in an explosive episode of the springer show. it's like what "short cuts" would be if robert altman had had a severe crack habit."ringmaster" is true to the show, as it is stupid and offensive from start to finish. it also makes me very glad that i don't live in the squalor it's characters do. but the movie has a problem. it's billed as a comedy, but it just isn't very funny. what laughs there are to be had are few and far between. maybe some people watch this and laugh non-stop. if you think blow jobs and rape are funny, well then i guess you're one of those folks. personally, i laughed two or three times and spent the rest of the movie in utter awe of the agonizing horrors of white-trash life.the jerry springer show just isn't meant to make the leap from tv to the silver screen. what's funny in an hour long show (less, when you count commercials) isn't necessarily going to be funny in a ninety minute movie. movies have to tell a story, and that's something else "ringmaster" has trouble with. the story is threadbare. there are so many plot holes and continuity errors that any attempt at telling a cohesive narrative is quickly put asunder. and even if there weren't such problems, how much fun can you pull out of a story of stereotypical people in a stereotypical story? even the hollywood formula couldn't make this better. "ringmaster: is so bad, it even screws up the best part of the springer show: the final thought. somehow, even the smartest and simplest aspect of the show wound up blowing harder than the slutty women the film is built around.the worst offender in all of this is springer himself. he's such a bad actor that he can't even play himself convincingly. watching springer play springer is sad. it's like he was going for a 'what if woody allen played jerry springer' vibe, and he failed. miserably. he went to the trouble of producing this disaster, the least he could do is try to make it just that much better.not that i'm saying everyone else in this movie put in an award worthy performance. just the opposite. they all suck. not so surprisingly, no one in this movie went on to greatness. the best any of them was did was molly hagan landing a job on a nickelodeon sitcom. apparently, nickelodeon has no problem with hiring a woman who starred in the most vile film of the '90's to star in a children's program. it makes you wonder what kind of things the other adults on that channel have done in their pasts.here are my final thoughts: what we have here is a group of people with no self respect and a man with money to burn, who have met and put their resources together to produce a film that shows how much they hate themselves and how little they think of the intelligence of their viewing audience. should we accept people who make movies that treat us like severely brain-damaged lumps of goo? i say no. somewhere out there, in this crazy, mixed up world, there is a perfect movie for each of us. we just have to keep looking for it. until next time, take care of yourselves and your loved ones. and don't ever watch "ringmaster".

you don't need to write a script for this trashed outrage! you just sit back and watch a pair of moonshine women and guests duke each other out before a riotous audience exposure at "the jerry show"! violent and obnoxious, this cash-in on the real jerry springer program reveals everything that the over-rated hyped talk show doesn't show to you on the air - - unless you have a collection of uncensored videos made by the producers of "cops". even the outside world of springerland reveals the most amateurish acting of the decade! this goes to show you that the gong show movie had a central character in a motion picture turkey. change the channel! rejected

for the life of me, i cannot get why they would want to make a movie about the "jerry springer show". it's so incrediably trashy. some ways, sadly it's a guilty pleasure. we all have to admit that we've seen at least one episode. it's part of our pop culture. i saw this on usa recently. it's pretty bad. i will admit that. jerry does a horrible job of what i think he meant as acting. or something like it. jamie pressley is in it. she's playing herself basically. all she needed was her lover boy, kid rock. it would've been perfect then. so, i would recommend skipping "ringmaster". just watch the "jerry springer show". it's more enjoyable than this.2/10

oh dear, jerry may be the undisputed king of talkshow but the movies are a whole different ball game, and he's way out of his league. the script for this film is so poor it has to be seen to be believed and its sad to see such vaguely familiar actors as michael dudikoff (80's action b'movie king), michael jai white (last seen in the sci fi flop spawn') as well as surviving the games' william macnamara (who is involved in the only half funny situation in the whole film!) stoop this low for employment. if you are a fan of jerry then stick to his tv show as this is a total waste of and hour and a half. after i had finished sitting through this i managed to catch the last half an hour of rocky 5 on tv, which looked like a cinematic masterpiece in comparison, i think that says more than enough!!!

the ringmaster stars jerry springer as a tv talkshow host called jerry , but it`s not the jerry springer show , his guests are trailer trash , but not the trailer trash you get on the jerry springer show, they attack one another , but not like on.....what is the point of making a movie about the jerry springer show and pretending it`s not the jerry springer show ? and on top of that this is a very boring film

i rented this one on dvd without any prior knowledge. i was suspicious seeing michael madsen appearing in a movie i have never heard of, but it was a freebie, so why not check it out.well my guess is that mr. blonde would very much like to forget he's ever taken part in such a shame of a film.apparently, if your script and dialogs are terrible, even good actors cannot save the day. not to mention the amateur actors that flood this film. too many non-native-english-speakers play parts of native-english-speakers, reading out lines from a script that should have been thrown away and not having been made into a movie. it's unbelievable how unbelievable all the lines in the movie sound. the music is awful and totally out of place, and the whole thing looks and sounds like a poor school play.i recommend you watch it just so you would appreciate other, better, movies. this is why i gave it a 3 instead of the 1 it deserves.

i have to congratulate the genius who approved this one. edward furlong, you're not as good as you think mate, you can't grab on every piece of low-cost amateur crap, which sole intention has to be to get some bucks.the filming is bad, and i mean bad. anyone with a camera would get the same result, or better.the acting, lets just say: don't go to the supermarket looking for actors. the good ones usually come with a degree or, at least, have some damn experience! the director.. mr. jon keeyes, please find your purpose in life, as a director you simply suck. your directing is poor, the angles are all messed up (not in a good way), the lines seem as if they're being read out of toilet paper, and the damn music.. it always comes up when it shouldn't and goes out for no apparent reason. and don't go for writer either, by the way. making movies isn't like serving on a coffeshop, it requires art and skill, things i really doubt you'll ever have.instead of making a badass shootout movie, you should've shot this one back to oblivion and wait 'till something good came up.. or just go find a job on a coffeshop. you'll have less stress and you'll save movie goers some money and a bad night.vote: 1/10 (my first one)

sometimes a movie is so comprehensively awful it has a destructive effect on your morale. you begin to really ask yourself, what does it mean for our society that the standard is so terribly low? can they honestly expect that we'll endure this many clichés and still be entertained?of course, it is still a hollywood mainstay to make the gun the major character, plot device, and the source of all conflict and resolution in films. character needs a gun. gets a gun. can't do that because he has a gun. puts his gun down first. oh my god what are we going to do!? he has a gun! he waves it around, acting more malicious than real human beings ever do. he pushes it in someone's face for 90 minutes, shouting questions. the hallmark of any conclusion will be the comforting sound of police sirens. it's a real challenge to make such a tired, hackneyed formula work again; a film has to be very clever and well executed. this one is neither. it has no life and no personality, and it will suck these components from you. it will make you feel worse about living in the time and space that you do. really, who needs that!? so yes, i'll say it: i think this may well be the worst film i have ever seen. anyone who was involved in the making of this sub- mediocre soul killing trash should be publicly embarrassed for the disservice they've done to us all.

assuming this won't end up a straight-to-video release, i would have to say void this title at all costs. unless you're bored of good, well-executed movies, that is. i saw this last night at afi dallas, and i left with 20 minutes remaining, simply because i didn't care anymore (about the plot, not about insulting the director...that is awkward). when you can spot a goof only 5 minutes into the movie (a shot out, shattered window before any shots are fired...and then the window breaks with the first shot), things are going to bad. let's just say this is only an indicator of things to come...unfortunately.i'll spare you all the details, but this is sub-par in every manner, even the half-assed acting by michael madsen is disappointing when you're expecting half-assed acting from him. and the rape scene...christ! "shut up and take it" should never be used in a rape scene. ever.3/10

when i finally had the opportunity to watch zombie 3(zombie flesheaters 2 in europe)on an import region 2 japanese dvd,i was blown away by just how entertaining this zombie epic is.the transfer is just about immaculate,as good as it's ever going to look unless anchor bay gets a hold of it.the gore truly stands out like it should and you can really appreciate the excellent makeup and gore fx.the sound is also terrific.it's only 2 channel dolby but if you have a receiver with dolby prologic 2,you can really appreciate the cheesy music(actually a very good score),and the effective although cheap sound effects.it never sounded so good,and the excellent transfer adds to the overall enjoyment.i never realized just how much blood flows in this film,it's extremely brutal with exploding head shots,exploding puss filled mega pimples,a cleaver to a zombies throat,a woman's burned off extremities(how come it did'nt burn the guy also),intestinal munching,zombie babies and so much more i lost track.this is no doubt for hardcore zombie action fans,especially of the italian kind.there is some excellent set pieces and cinematography to be found,i think people don't give it enough credit,if you see a clean print,and not some horrendous pirate copy,it's a whole other experience entirely.this film never lets up for a second,and i realize it's inconsistent plotwise,the dubbing is horrible,the acting is stiff,and it's sense of irreverence is celebrated in grand fashion,but that's part of it's charm.to me this is one of the best horror films ever made,you can't make a film this bad,so good,on purpose.it's accidental genius of the highest order.if they played it for laughs it would have been a disaster,but they played it straight as an arrow and the result is a terrific cult classic that thumbs it's nose at any and all traditional moviemaking standards.tons of action sequences,exotic locales,excellent set design,good,sometimes great cinematography,wonderfully cheesy acting,and inconsistent but still interesting plot,great makeup effects,beautiful women who can kick butt,excellent music,and sometimes hilarious,sometimes creepy,but always entertaining zombies.how can you go wrong with this film,it has it all,a cult classic that stands the test of time.

where do i begin? i wanted to enjoy this movie, and i did. still, i wanted to be able to enjoy it for being another zombie film that was worth my loot, and it wasnt. this was a different kind of enjoyment. this was unhealthy, a perverse glee that i partook in watching one of the most ridiculous films id seen yet. and i dont much care for whatever fulci's excuses were, there was no excuse for this film going how it went. this was a bad film all the way around, yet i still cant give it below a 4 out of ten, which is what i gave it, because well...at least i was able to laugh at this misfit of a movie.i had to imagine these zombies, that were all over the ceilings of these buildings everywhere...had to imagine that they were either bored as hell so they crawled up on the beems, and perched themselves high on stone erections, or they saw the fleshy living motley band of jerk-offs coming around, so they took it upon themselves to stage numerous aerial ambushes. hell, what else is there to do when youre dead?i had to laugh at some zombies performing what looked to be martial arts swings, kicks, and jumps, and some shambling about like traditional meatlovers. i feasted my eyes on a floating head that was never explained. i watched in pure horrific delight as the land they were in, the phillipenes, was absolutely engulfed in fog, heavy doses of fog, and that the ponds were as they were boiling castle moats. i had to even cringe when i saw that the design for a cure for this plague was sketched on a chalkboard as an octagon with lines stretching from each angle, with "dead one" written in the middle. i had to ask myself...if the science of curing zombies is that easy, then i wonder if i could come up with a little something to start a zombie outbreak here!all in all the effects were overboard, the dubbing horrid, im sure the original acting as poor, the story absurd, the zombies inconsistent, even in a bad way they couldve all been similar, and the women ugly, but i found myself enjoying this thing. it was a fun watch. it turned out to be a very very bad film, and i would not recommend this thing unless one is into bad directorial exploitation films, but still, again i say...it was worth a good laugh. i crave zombie films no matter what, but when this had fulci's name attached to it, it shouldve been much better. let me dare say, zombie holocaust was better.

this movie was just heckled by mst3k and with good reason. first and foremost because it is a "cop" movie starring joe don baker, who we all know is about as good a cop actor as michael jackson is a country western singer.all the typical cop movie plot devices rear their ugly heads, bar fights, children hostages in shoot outs, bad acting, lame police chiefs, bad acting, revenge/justice, endless goons , and of course, bad acting. don't watch this without an mst3k filter folks.

i didn't think it would be possible for joe don baker to make a movie as bad as his stinkbomb 'mitchell', but this one succeeds.i wouldn't recommend this if you're a fan of joe don baker's much better work. but,if you like to watch fat guys sweat and really, really drawn out gun fights, you'll love this movie.

from the star of "mitchell", from the director of "joysticks" and "angel's revenge"!!! these are taglines that would normally keep me from seeing this movie. and the worst part is that all the above mentioned statements are true!!! ugghhh... joe don baker eats every other five minutes in this film. it's like a bad remake of "coogan's bluff"

joe don's opening line says everything about this movie. it takes place on the island of malta (the island of pathetic men) and involves joe don baker tracking down an italian mobster. joe don's character is named geronimo (pronounced heronimo) and all he does in this movie is shoot people and get arrested over and over agin. everyone in the movie hates him, just like everyone hates greydon clark. i liked an earlier greydon picture, "angel's revenge" because it was a shirne for thriteen year old boys. avoid this movie at all costs!!

i guess this goes to prove that joe don baker will do anything for a buck. the concept of the film wasn't very good to start with. this movie has so many bad things about it i don't know where to start. the acting is horrible. the cinematography is marginal at best. the soundtrack was pretty bad. the score is terrible. there's a reason why this movie ended up on mystery science theater 3000. i voted before i wrote this and i cannot believe that 9 people actually thought this "film" is excellent. they must have liked the two go-go dancers. final justice would be if they locked this stinker in the film vault outside wichita and never let anyone see it again! a 1 out of 10 rating is far better than this deserves.

jimmy dean could not have been more hammy or absurdly loutish. hysterical if viewed through the eyes of mystery science theatre 3000, which i rate as a 10. i mean, the sight of this obese, corn-fed hog trouncing around malta should be enough to send you to the vomitory, if you make it that far into the film. this ugly, hysterical farce should be placed with the likes of "booty call", "pumpkinhead", "swarm", and "the smurfs go to bangladesh". a -gulp- film like this proves that sometimes actors, writers, producers, etc. get behind on their mortgage, or get stoned to the point of insanity. it begs the question "who was so stupid to finance such a whale?" but then, had good judgment prevailed and "final justice" never was, then we wouldn't have the delightful spoof voice-over in "mystery science theatre 3000"!

there are movies that are awful, and there are movies that are so awful they are deemed long-forgotten and unwatchable. also, lots of violence and bad stuff (not just cheesy stuff; you know what i mean) add to the mix as well. what is the result of bad movies with such raunchy content? why, "final justice," of course! remember "mitchell?" joe don baker was the star of that movie, and that was riffed by joel and the bots on "mystery science theater 3000." now this time, with mike taking joel's place on the satellite of love (but with the same bots), that trio got to make fun of mst3k's second joe don baker movie, "final justice." of course, much of the naughty stuff that i mentioned was removed for television release, but still, i want to watch that episode (and "mitchell" as well), because what does joe don "hate" the most? why, none other than "mystery science theater 3000!" p.s. if you have a big lots nearby, check that store for the uncut tape! lol that happened to another user!

what a snore-fest.of all the bits of nostalgia that hollywood has decided to remake and update, this is by far one of the most pointless. this was a totally pointless show in the first place, and we really don't need a 'modern' update.never mind the bigotry and sexism inherent in the system from the beginning, so many advances have been made, socially, since the show ran that the entire point of the show (if it ever had one) has been lost.also, what is the point of having a character named boss hogg if he's not overweight?

in hazzard county, georgia, cousins bo and luke duke (scott, knoxville) and their cousin daisy duke (jessica simpson) run moonshine made by their uncle jesse (willie nelson) while avoiding the local authority, boss hog (burt reynolds). their problems with the boss are only beginning as they learn he's been plotting to strip mine the town for valuable ores found below it.i have never seen the tv show and after watching the movie, i'm not going to start any time soon. i like stupid comedies but this one didn't offer many laughs. it was a pretty dull picture with the first hour being really hard to sit through. the second part was a little better but this film was still a missed opportunity. the film focused on bo and luke way too much. the characters in general weren't very interesting and the actors portraying them didn't do a very good job.the acting wasn't very good. i wasn't expecting it to be good in the first place but none of the leads were very funny. seann william scott and johnny knoxville both give below average performances. the latter was pretty good as stifler but he tries way too hard here. the latter just seems to be looking for a paycheck and nothing else. jessica simpson isn't known for her acting nor is she really known for her singing. she's famous for having her own reality show and for saying really dumb things. she is pretty but she's a weak actor. it doesn't matter though because she doesn't really appear in the movie and the character she plays isn't complex or anything. willie nelson also has a minor role and he doesn't do anything special.the screenplay was written by john o'brien and he made two films prior to the dukes of hazzard. the first one was cradle to the grave, which was okay. the second one was starsky and hutch which was pretty funny. he doesn't do a good job here though as the story is a mess. he also forgot to add jokes and a few other things that would have made this film work better. the movie is also pretty long for a comedy. okay, 106 minutes isn't exactly long but it feels so much longer because there's very little humor in the first hour. i think comedies should be kept short or else they have to find a lot of material to cover the entire running time. the dukes of hazzard barely has enough funny gags to keep it going for thirty minutes let alone 106 minutes. the car sequences were average and they don't save an already troubled film. in the end, dukes of hazzard may appeal to a few people but most people will probably find it dull and it's better if you just skip it. rating 4/10

...then you'd better not watch this movie. they've completely ruined the premise of the show. in the movie the duke boys are idiots, daisy is trampy, roscoe is sinister, boss hogg is capable, uncle jessie is a criminal...only cooter and flash are true to the original characters. at least enos is kinda close.at one point they open the doors to get into the general lee -- nuff said.the original show may not have been great tv, but it was entertaining and the characters made sense. this movie is like dumb & dumber meets the simple life.

film makeovers of old tv shows seems to be the norm in hollywood these days, but this disrespectful, toilet humor, do-you-kiss-your-mother-with-that-mouth foul language, rip-off is a blatant middle finger to all dukes of hazzard fans both north and south of the mason-dixon line. from the opening sequence of bo and luke duke making a moonshine run for uncle jesse (no shine running in the show because it would put the boys back in jail as a parole violation) to the closing sequence of uncle jesse smoking weed with the governor of georgia (uncle jesse was the moral compass despite his previous moonshining ways) this disappointing waste of film is an open faced insult. i can't tell you how many parents i saw get up and remove their children from the theater within the first 15 minutes of the movie when they realized that they had been horribly deceived. the original dukes of hazzard was a family show with basic moral values. the original dukes of hazzard was a kid safe, hemi powered, show of fun that parents didn't have to worry about teaching their kids george carlin's seven words. i have read reviews stating that the show and the movie are nothing but racist. those commits might be correct about the movie. those commits are absolutely incorrect about the show. the show, if anything, was about how to get along and be friends with anyone. hollywood has finally come out in the open about their disdain for those of us, yankee, rebel, or otherwise, who still believe in honor, loyalty, trust, family, and doing the right thing even if it is not the popular thing. hollywood has finally brought to light its belief that those of us in the heartland are stupid, uneducated, beer swilling, foul mouthed, trash that will buy any piece of garbage they are willing to sell. prove the hollywood elitist that they are wrong. do not go see this movie. boycott the sponsors. fill warner bros. email and snail mail boxes with complaints that we don't appreciate them destroying one of the greatest t.v. shows of all time. save your money and buy the dvd's of the original show, but whatever you do do not go see this movie

why take a show that millions of us watched and loved as children and make a complete joke of it? they ask why hollywood isn't making the money it used to. because they put out garbage and pay actors huge amounts of money to be garbage men and ask us to pay $10 to see their garbage. the tv show was what it was, good people in bad situations where the good il' boys come out on top. it wasn't gone with the wind but it was fun. this movie is garbage! hollywood can't come up with anything original so they take something that was good and ruin it for some $$$$. i only hope that this movie makes 10x's less than it cost to make. the only one's to have any fun with this crap are the guys who got to drive the general lee. the audience is the victim.don't see it, watch the reruns of the tv show instead. they still hold up 20 years later.

when i heard that the dukes of hazzard was going to be remade with current actors and a solid script, i was like, "alright, i'll give it a chance, it's not going to be better than the first, but we'll see what happens." well, i saw what happened. i saw a great late 70's/80's show that was a classic, basically humiliated by hollywood. it's so sad to see that hollywood scriptwriters cannot come up with something original these days. they are seeming to take a great show that had a great target audience, and try to "remake" the classic show. heads up hollywood... it ain't workin!!!! anyway, more about the show. i think they could have casted a better actor than sean william scott (stiffler from american pie) to play bo. i'm sure that john schneider is definitely disappointed with how his character was portrayed and taken advantage of. also, get for real, johnny knoxville, as luke duke. how low can you go?? a crappy jackass actor to play lovable luke. this sickens me. also, i'll give jessica simpson is a beautiful woman, but her acting sucks. catherine bach who played the original daisy, was smart, sexy, strong, opinionated and a good il' southern girl. she was every little girls role model growing up! (i owned the doll and the jeep - thank you very much!!!) anyway, jessica simpson played a smart ass, 2-bit slut as daisy duke. daisy never was blonde. why did they have to cast her. jessica alba would have played a great daisy duke. she can speak with a great southern accent, and she is gorgeous, and would have done a wonderful job. anyway, i'd like to say that this movie blew something fierce. i feel like i got ripped off by paying $8.50 for tickets, and they should refund my money. if you like the dukes of hazzard (the original series) don't see this movie. it'll just upset you. cmt (country music television) plays the reruns of the dukes all the time later at night. so set your tivo's and go with the real thing, not the imitation on the big screen in hollywood.

this must be one of the worst movies i have ever seen. i was actually expecting a bad movie but i was caught by surprise believe it or not. the storyline is the traditional, all clichées are included.the dialogue is so poorly written that you actually laugh when the otherwise half-descent actors are trying to make it sound real. the photo is not too good, the music is so malplacée it actually made me angry, the actors are not even trying, altho the script makes it almost impossible you could expect more from people that have been acting for 30 years and the so called action scenes actually manage to lack the "action" itself.i dont understand why these types of bad movies keep on coming, who is financing this shit? where is the screening ? and why on earth do actors take on this mission impossible script?there are a million hollywood-movies in this genre without even aspiration of reaching the theaters, but even them straight to video things actually manages to look professional in comparison.i can not say anything positive about this except the title which explains it all, i feel robbed of 2 hours of my life.

quite typical for swedish movies of this type. strange that the acting was soooo bad, these actors usually give a good show. the casting was poorly done, it made you expect something (i won't tell you what). the lead character was awful... i don't know where they find her. anyway, stay away from this and go see "den tredje vågen" instead, this is swedish action in is prime.

standard procedure for swedish movies today seem to be to start by throwing plausibility out the window and continue down that path for the rest of the process. rånarna is another fine example of a movie making very little sense.banks in stockholm are being robbed by a highly efficient "military-styled" gang of robbers. two police officers start investigating the case that soon becomes more complicated than it would appear at first.as usual in swedish film the cast is mostly made up of the same people you have seen over and over again. mikael persbrandt must be in every swedish film from the last few years! but that's ok i guess since persbrandt is one of few that performs solidly here (like he usually does). the problems with this film mostly revolves around the story itself. first of all the robberies feel mostly like background. rather this is more a movie about a young policewoman fighting to prove herself in a male world (like that has not been made a thousand times before with a decent actress instead of sofia helin). also there is a completely unbelievable plot twist near the end that seems about as plausible as aliens landing. but still, i did think it was a quite nice touch considering i was half asleep right about then. it spiced things up a bit (and actually saved the rating from dropping another step).in the end the main problem is the same thing as with most other swedish movies of this kind. simply that the action and suspense doesn't live up to the standards we are used to from other movies of this kind (mostly hollywood). it feels cheap and rather weak in comparison. in my opinion swedish filmmakers should try to focus more on plot and acting, and forget about trying to make "hollywood-action light" like they do now. because this becomes yet another forgettable effort from the swedish movie-industry. i rate it 3/10.

swedish action movies have over the past few years evolved into something that imitate american hardened action movies like "heat" but with a low budget. this movie follows the same prescription as "noll tolerans" and "livvakterna". however, it is obvious that they are trying too hard to make a cool and tough movie.the story has been seen before, the dialogue feels artificial and the acting is very poor, especially from the main actress. the movie tries to paint a picture of hard-boiled military-like robbers with no remorse at all and a female investigator who has completely lost it with problems of the past but at the same time acts completely rational. it does not succeed very well.the bluish-cast photo style does not seem fresh anymore, and it is not even done well in this picture. only a very few scenes actually look good. also, the sound is quite weird and it sounds like a lot of the actual dialogue is recorded afterward.the main quality of this movie is stefan sauk, though not making a convincing portrait of a swat-team leader, has some really funny lines. also, the music is quite well.

it feels like swedish movies are trying to become more american and i just don´t get it. in this movie the performance of some of the actors is horrible and the script is nothing special. don´t waste your time!

greenthumb grace is left penniless after her husbands death so she turns to ganja-growing in order to pay the bills. it sounds promising and the ever-reliable brenda blethyn doesn't disappoint but the material is sitcom-thin. there's actually a scene where grace asks her young gardener to "give me one" (a toke) and he thinks she's asking for sex and acts all awkward. yes, it's humour so twee a nun would be bored. saving grace doesn't seem to know what it wants to be: the stunning cinematography and stately pace evoke memories of ryan's daughter whilst the light-hearted whimsy of the country townsfolk could be lifted from any episode of antiques roadshow. it does speed up after the first hour but by then it's too clichéd to care. the climax manages to be unpredictable only by introducing the most shameless deux ex machina i've ever seen.

i absolutely fail to see what is funny in this film. the humor seems to be destined for corpses. it's slow. the story is too simple to be true. the characters do not raise much sympathy, a few non-important characters aside. nothing surprising happens. what did the writers of this script think? "oooo funny! let's make some old lady's high on pot! let's make them.... giggle! let's make them... behave like little children!! oooo, yes, that's absolutely brilliant and original!"this film has irritated me most from all the films i've seen in the last five years.

a very "straight" nice old lady, desperate for money to save her house and possessions, grows "pot" in her house, smokes it with a few old-biddy friends and then sells it. that's the story for this low-key comedy, emphasizing the absurdity of the situation and some of the humor the predicament brings. for much of the film, it works. the humor isn't of the laugh-out-loud variety but it does keep you entertained for an hour-and-a- half, so i guess it serves its purpose.there are funny moments and brenda blethyn is fun to watch in the lead role. but the ending really ruined a "cute" movie with insultingly-bad messages that only the ultra-liberals of the film world would like to see happen.like most people, i would prefer a happy ending, too, but it should not all warm and fuzzy for those who blatantly break the law. also in here are the typical (1) children out of wedlock but that poses no problem and is deemed okay; (2) clerics portrayed as morally weak people; and (3) even a medical doctor who gets stoned, too! hello? and reviewers here blast hollywood? this is exhibit a how a secular society has lowered the standards in the uk and europe in general. hey, people: at least have a trace of morality instead of nothing but a timothy leary "if it feels good, do it" message.

what we have here is a film about how the pursuit of money & revenge can corrupt your soul... or something like that. guy ritchie, a director known for his reworking of the gangster genre, bites off more than he can chew with this one.his use of modern film noir to tackle the theme of a man setting himself free by swallowing his pride, being nice to his enemy & giving away all his money falls flat on it's face. when jason statham's character no longer fears ray liotta, it apparently drives liotta crazy enough to blow his head off in the final scene. why? basically you cannot set up a mafiosi like the liotta character, who has presumably got to his station in life by displaying the kind of ruthless behaviour evident throughout the film, only then to have him driven to suicide by nothing more than a pitying smile on the face of statham's character.before anyone starts to say i'm missing the point... i'm not. i get it ok? opt out of the quest for riches & you'll find true happiness and inner peace. be nice to your enemy and this will confuse him into self-destruction. this seems to be the gist of the movie and in itself this is not a bad premise for a story, although hardly original. the problem is that ritchie simply doesn't have the skill as a movie maker to carry it off. at the moment when even guy ritchie realises this, he appears to get bored with the story and begins to insert red-herrings: the scene when statham gets knocked over by a car - why? the shooting of some scenes as marvel comic animations... again, why?there are so many loose threads & unanswered questions left at the end of the movie you could get all 2001-ish about it and try figuring them out, or simply accept that there are no answers & each viewer will interpret things in their own way. myself? i was so bored with the pompous tone of the film that i simply didn't care. frankly the ending couldn't come too soon so that i didn't have to sit through any more of this pretentious psychobabble.a waste of two hours of my life.

having read the comments on the site i feel compelled to write in for the first time. it seems this movie is like marmite and has split the audience. i have to say that while i agree films don't have to make sense to be enjoyable (see mulholland drive) they still have to engage you with the characters. now while i was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in lynch's opus, i have to say i couldn't give a turd about mr green or the other cardboard gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world. also, while so many people seem to try and say you didn't enjoy because you didn't get it i would have to disagree - i didn't enjoy because i was bored. i wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help. call it clever if you will - i think it's repetitious.however, my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film i saw. just music over black. did i watch a dud print or is this evidence of gr's pretentiousness? or, did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed???

been lurking for a couple of years or so. i have never been moved to post on here before, so perhaps this movie is worth a star for that, but i doubt it. i just watched it on dvd, having missed it in the movies due to illness and never got around to watching it till now. i had not read extensively about it, certainly not even thought about the movie in some months. it was just what the buddy picked up in the store, so it got watched.bad mistake.the shot i spoke of in the the summary up top is in the trailer and on the poster. right from the off, jason statham has hair. like in no other gr movie. or any js movie that i've seen. at least not in the quantities on display here. and ray liotta in underpants should be advance warned. it's scary and funny but not in a ha-ha-humour way. its more in an almost-theoffice-but-slightly-mutated-and-so-failing-sort-of-humour way. they each say the same thing: "this movie is not like anything you expect this movie to be."now, based on previous, extensive, movie-watching experience, i expected this movie to be a few things. like:() coherent,() interesting or engaging,() not a complete and utter farrago of navel-gazing,() something more substantive than a motley bunch of badly-realised fables from what is just a standard eastern mystic ideology dressed up as a "cool, modern, self-aware art-form",() hopefully better than "the idiots".as you may have guessed by my tone, it thoroughly failed to check any box above. instead it was:(x) badly edited {pace all over the shop, 70s-amateur high-8 style jump cuts, incomprehensible "plot" "twists!!!" delivered through hackneyed flash-back montages, i could go on...},(x) shot as if by a depressed 14yr-old goth who'd just spent the weekend watching truffaut and godard with the drapes drawn(x) so up its own behind with the whole "i'm really smart, me" motif/ message, that it feels determined to repeat it every 20 minutes or so, just to make sure the dumb people (ie: everyone who doesn't like it) in the audience make sure they get the point,(x) a genuine waste of my time.as for the undoubted ability of some people to "get" something from this, fine. i'm glad you enjoyed it. one poster said something that caught my attention: under-25s probably understood it better because of the editing. maybe, but editing is supposed to make your work more accessible, not less. as for the "genius is only recognised by the enlightened" brigade out there, go suck an onion and grow up. there is nothing more presumptuous and self-serving than people who say the reason another person doesn't know great art is because they don't understand the 'craft /materials /moon cycle /filaments of supreme rational thought' which the 'auteur /poet/ artist/ palm reader/ idiot savant' is using to explain his or her 'vision /grand scheme /oneness with gaea /great big bucket of dog-sick'.for me and many, many more people, its garbage. movies, art, stories, poetry, anything designed to be viewed by another human is supposed to be engaging and moving. in some direction be it metaphorical, spiritual, emotional or whatever you're having yourself.the only way this moved me was forward in time, two hours closer to my own inevitable demise. "the greatest trick he ever pulled was making you believe any part of this movie meant anything at all"and now, please, by all means, toast my buns for me.

vulpine massacre should have been this movies actual title. and the tag-line should have read "guaranteed to make your kids cry!" this is a nature drama telling the story of a family of wild foxes in a remote region. starting with the meeting and pairing of two young foxes and the eventual birth of a large family and the trials of raising them. the only speaking is done in narrative by a tree that stands over the den, giving insight into the animals loves and lives... lovely scenery and gorgeous filming of the animals. sounds good huh? well from there things go straight to hell and then start drilling towards the core...*** spoilers below - or they it may be a warning!***almost first off we learn one of the foxes is born blind. but seems to get along well enough and there's a beautifully cheerful musical score to accompany him... and then he dies... next we have one of the siblings adventures. and then he dies... one of the sisters gets her screen-time... and then she dies...and so it goes like some horrific slasher movie as one fox after another is killed off by nature, in traps, just up and vanish, and even by a bunch of snowmobiles! by the end of the movie almost all the foxes have been massacred. though mercifully no deaths are shown on screen. (least not in the version we saw.) unlike say "tarka the otter" the deaths in this movie are almost all pointless and border on the sadistic in the way hopes are built up and then snuffed out. one or two losses would have been acceptable. it is a nature film after all. but not nearly the whole family.do not go to see this film deceived by the cheery box into thinking its safe for the kids. watch it with some foreknowledge that things are *not* going to go well at all and that you or your kids may be left feeling very badly depending on how sensitive you or they are. you may enjoy it. or you may not...

the film "52 pick up" simply does not work. see it if you are at all interested in elmore leonard or john frankenheimer, or anyone in the terrific cast, especially john glover who's admittedly brilliant. but the book--a slow-burning, noir thriller with lots of pulp--should have translated into an oscar-contending film instead of this dud that couldn't figure out whether it should faithfully portray the hard-boiled, gritty crime story of the book, or opt for a 1980s schwarzenegger shoot-em-up spree. shifting the scene from the original locale in the book, detroit (an area where leonard has resided for years and knows very well), to los angeles makes for a substantial problem that leonard tries to fix in his script, but ultimately can't. it was, for example, a clever device making mitchell's wife a city councilwoman (she had no job in the book), if you think about it: that's the only way you could ever plausibly blackmail someone in a sex-crazed city like 1980s los angeles for adultery, or any type of potential sex scandal. even then, it's more plausible in a more conservative eastern state like michigan to believe that a) its tiny porno "industry" is a sleazy, money-grubbing hell where three losers could desperately set up a not-so-stupid upper-middle-class fellow going through a mid-life crisis, and b) adultery alone might be something you could blackmail someone with, if their upstanding careers and old-fashioned wives couldn't handle the shock. as consultant ron jeremy will tell you, 1980s los angeles was a colorful, stylish porno mecca, more like the movie "boogie nights" than leonard's dark, shadowy world of hijacked tourist buses, grimy apartments, and drug deals in depressed urban squalor. then again, los angeles could be the backdrop of such a tale if one arranged the scenery more carefully--there are still plenty of dark crannies and psychopaths there. unfortunately, roy scheider's harry mitchell comes off in the film as a sexy, handsome uebermensch dancing through his problems without even working up a sweat. in the book he was fending off a jerk union official while struggling with a business that was failing. he also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving friendly fire that he was responsible for, but never appeared to come to grips with. elmore leonard's stories usually have a central image involving a bizarre civility between criminal and law-abiding citizen. here, harry mitchell sitting in his office with his blackmailer, alan raimy, turning over his financial books to him and negotiating a more practical ransom, makes for such a central image. glover's blackmailer plays the scene with convincing intelligence, but scheider portrays the victim here as a cocky "good guy," in charge of the situation as if he were more a rambo with an m-16 than the everyman barely staying afloat as his world crumbles around him. "52 pick up" ends with one of the worst throwaway conclusions ever, considering all the thought that went into the original story and then the film. trapping raimy inside mitchell's jaguar and blowing him up with marching band music blasting out along with a sadistic monologue by mitchell, plays to an audience wanting the "sweet revenge" conclusion of a chuck norris movie, not the intelligent balanced world of leonard's book, where mitchell barely escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil could easily go either way. i left the theater shaking my head and depressed. what a waste of talent.

spoilers ahead -- proceed at your own caution.my main problem with this movie is that once harry learns the identities of the three blackmailers -- with relative ease -- he continues to cave into their demands. and then the whole scene with his wife being kidnapped, he decides to wire his classic car up to explode (with the money in it), which makes us take a pretty tall leap of logic.okay, so he wanted to keep his affair with cini out of the public eye due to his wife's involvement with the da campaign. this i can see, but why not hire someone to slap these turds around a bit, or even kill them once he'd determined there was no actual blackmail evidence (e.g, cini's body?) this was a pretty interesting movie for the first 2/3 of it. after that, it sort of falls apart.

david chase's "the sopranos" is perhaps the most over-praised television show in recent memory. not only is the series devoid of intellect and passion, it's devoid of a soul. as anyone reading likely knows already, james gandolfini *is* tony soprano, a big, fat a**hole of a mob boss with a spoiled b*tch of a wife, and two bratty, sh*t-brained kids living in - you guessed it - the armpit of america (that's new jersey, by the way). not only is tony a womanizing adulterer, he's also an unrepentant murdering scumbag, with a crew of "saturday night live" skit-worthy caricatures for subordinates. it's not the fact that tony is a piece of sh*t mobster that offends me (and apparently only me). allowing characters to be who and what they are, without judgment, is something american tv hardly allows. but chase - and his entourage of money-gorged, emmy-gored writers - have not simply allowed us to observe tony and his crew as they behave, nor have they even attempted to provide any insight into the action / reaction reality of (even obviously fictionalized) organized crime (a la "the godfather"). instead, chase glorifies and endorses his characters' greedy, violent, and corrupt lifestyle in the same way that tony, his wife, and even his hair-brained psychologist do week after week (or should i say month after month. or is it year after year? it seems like the show's paltry 13-episode seasons come out with the same regularity as a lunar eclipse). much has been made of the series' refusal to adhere to "network" structure, with plot lines that go nowhere, and characters that pop-up and disappear like backyard vermin. but if the show is so brilliant in its lack of structure, why does it always feel like i'm watching a soap-opera? tired mob clichés, bored housewives, self-serving, irredeemable characters and plots that go nowhere. more than ever, i can see why so many americans of italian heritage are p*ssed at this show. it's enough to make you want to curl up with a good book (danté's "inferno" springs to mind).people on imdb love to claim that there's nothing good on television, and therefore "the sopranos" is a breath of fresh air. are these same people too busy paying their cable bills to watch "the shield"? (it's included in basic, ya know). how about the (still good) "the west wing"? or the brilliantly acted (if erratically written) "boston legal"? what about possibly the best comedy of the last few decades, "arrested development"? and lest we forget that we live in an age of dvds - nobody *has* to watch *anything* new. i'd much rather shell out $40 for an over-priced boxed set of, well, pretty much *anything*, than give hbo $10 a month (or $80 a dvd set!) to continue to prove how much of a hack-factory it can be.you want good television? watch "homicide: life on the street." or "murder one". or "picket fences". or even chase's prior show, "northern exposure." if you're already among "the sopranos"'s legion of brain-washed fans and critics, it's too late for you. but if not, leave tony and his worthless kin where they all belong - rotting with the fishes. ("sleeping" would be way too kind)

for those who like depressing films with sleazy characters and a sordid storyline, this one is for you! from the bleak new york city atmosphere, which comes across as an extremely grim and almost hopeless place, to two diverse lead characters devoid of much sense of morality, this movie is a real downer. why it won the academy award was because it was so shocking at that time that hollywood, brand new its freedom to show anything it wanted with all moral codes abandoned, wanted to celebrate that fact. filmmakers then were like an immature six-year-old with an unlimited expense account at the local candy store. so, hollywood gave theater viewers (for probably the first time) a dose of rape, prostitution, homosexuality, child nudity, homeless existence and other such wonderful sights and sounds only its twisted brain would think is appealing....and then awarded its work. it also hoped, i'm sure, to shock mainstream audiences. well, it succeeded on that level. audiences were stunned at what they say and heard and the academy, proud of itself for being able to display filth and make money at the same time, couldn't help but bestow honors upon this piece of gilded garbage.forty years ago, as a very young man, i found this film fascinating, too. however, seeing it again in the 1990s left such a bad taste in my mouth i never watched to view it again. the acting was good, but so what? acting is good in many films. nobody ever said dustin hoffman and jon voight couldn't act. hoffman was particularly good in his younger days in playing wacked-out people. he was kind of like the johnny depp of his era, playing guys like "ratso rizzo" in this film and then going to be the "rain man" later on. yes, "ratso" is a character you'll never forget, and "joe buck" (voight) is one you want to forget, but the story is so sordid, it overwhelms the fine acting.this movie isn't "art," and it isn't worthy of its many awards; it only pushed the envelope big-time in 1969 and that's why it is so fondly remembered in the hearts of film people and critics. it's two hours of profanity and ultra-sleazy, religious cheap shots, glorifying weirdos (andy warhol even gets in the act - no surprise), and generally despicable people.i did like the catchy song, "everybody's talking'" that helped make harry nilsson famous, but even that was bogus because fred neil wrote the song and sang it better, before nilsson did it....and few people have ever heard of neil (which is their loss). and - as mentioned - the name "ratso rizzo" kind of stays with you!the film is a landmark, but in a negative sense, i fear: this marked it as "official" that hollywood had gone down the toilet, and it has remained in the sewer ever since.

do you like stand up? then stay away from this...during the early rounds, there are in fact good comics, but unless they got some cute qualities, they got a snowballs chance. any controversial material and you are out! ...and i think i hurt as much as the discarded comedians, when i see who the crooked judges are letting in.1 out of my top 4 made it further than the preliminaries. half+ of the finalists have given me 0 laughs. several of them have lifted their material elsewhere, something the judges doesn't seem to have problems with.it is more entertaining than a lot of what else is on tv, but incredibly hard to watch without contemplating what it could have been.if the producers changed the name of the contest to "last clown standing", all my criticism would loose validity. maybe an idea?

i run a group to stop comedian exploitation and i just spent the past 2 months hearing horror stories from comedians who attempted to audition for, "last comic standing." if they don't have a good agent, then they don't even get a chance to audition so more than 80% of the comedians who turn up are rejected before they can show anyone that they have talent! if they do make it to an audition, i was told that it's "pre-determined" if they get a second chance. so what the tv audience sees is not the best comics in the us.if the comics do make it to the show, then most of them don't get imdb credits. i know this because i did the credits for all 6 seasons of, "last comic standing" and i don't get paid for doing the producers' job. it's really a disgrace. a month ago, i asked, "last comic standing 7" on facebook why the producers aren't giving imdb credits and i was banned from their facebook page!!! i am not a comedian so i do not have a personal stake in this. i just want people to know the truth. i don't like seeing anyone getting exploited and that's why i've been helping the comedians. comedians get exploited on hbo, bet, tvone and other cable networks but nbc is a big three network so those in charge should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this exploitation to happen.please watch this video of a comedian who was victimized: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmb4-hyet_y

this movie is just plain terrible!!!! slow acting, slow at getting to the point and wooden characters that just shouldn't have been on there. the best part was the showing of iron maiden singing in some video at a theater and thats it. the ending was worth watching and waiting up for but that was it!! the characters in this movie put me to sleep almost. avoid it!!!

i've finally seen the incubus after waiting 20 something odd years to see it and well, it surely wasn't worth waiting all this time to see it. the incubus is strictly by-the-number horror film: unseen killer/monster is raping and murdering women in a small town. the film goes like this: movie opens with killing; then blah blah blah; more blah blah blah; then another killing; even more blah blah blah; continuing with blah blah blah; yet another killing (surprising, huh?); blah blah blah, etc...the film is totally predictable from beginning to end. even the stupid "big" red-herring used throughout the movie wouldn't convince a 5 year old. and i figured out the secret identity of the incubus the moment i saw the character, so when the "shocking" surprise ending arrived, i wasn't shocked or surprised. in fact, it was so funny that i kept on chuckling days after i saw the movie. it's so silly!anyway, the film is so by-the-number that the "rock band" sequence is one of the few stand-out moments in this dreary flick. it's a stand-out scene not necessarily because it's good but because it's so funny and pointless: the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video-like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his obviously fake long hair cut, all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater's washroom by the incubus. the best thing i could say about this film is the cinematography, which i actually liked. but aside from that, there's almost nothing worth mentioning about the incubus, except that it's unintentionally hilarious.

"the incubus" is a mix of the good (an interesting murder mystery), the bad (a disconnected script, a sloppy resolution, badly made attack scenes) and the weird (strong incestuous overtones, a strangely sleepy and stiff performance by john cassavetes - was that character really meant to be so "wacko"?). not nearly as offensive as it's reputed to be, but not particularly successful, either. (*1/2)

i rented this back in the 80's and honestly can't remember anything specific about the movie - only that it is the worst movie i have ever seen. this isn't one of those "it was so bad, it was funny". this isn't one of those "it was so gory, it leaves you with a bad feeling" movies. it wasn't even one of those "what the heck was that?" movies. i can't recall the performance of the actors, but it was poorly shot, the story was disjointed, and it had no definable style. when it was over, i was angry that i had wasted the time.i've seen plenty of movies i didn't understand because of unfamiliar cultures, styles and/or story-telling, but it was clear that those movies had some of those properties. the incubus has none.i actually contemplated not making a comment on this "piece" for fear that someone may watch it out of curiosity, but i am compelled to warn anyone who appreciates film to skip this movie.

years ago a movie going friend and i went to see a horror film that we thought would be good because it starred john cassavetes. for the uninitiated, john cassavettes was an actor, screen writer and director (married to actress gena rowlands), nominated for oscars three times, who wrote and directed a variety of good low-budget films using his income as an actor to keep himself afloat. up until seeing the incubus, we did not understand that john cassavetes income was made from any movie that was offered to him. had we known what the film was about before seeing it we may have avoided altogether. but we did not walk out. at the time, my friend and i jokingly indicated it was the worst movie ever made. now frankly, this is not true. i have seen many poorly made films on friday nights on cinemax (did i just say that out loud?) that are far worse than the incubus. almost any movie starring brian bosworth is by definition a worse movie than the incubus. certainly santa claus conquers the martians is a worse movie than the incubus. however, i have since consistently used the incubus as a threshold below which i do not want to fall. when talking to this friend about a movie i may have seen i will always remark that it was better (or worse) than the incubus.http://thevillagevideot.blogspot.com/

you know you're in trouble when john cassavetes is operating at half-speed instead of full-throttle in a movie, and "the incubus" is a dreadful, worst-case scenario of a great actor going through the motions to pay the bills. actually, observing the hammy script and john hough's 'baroque' art direction, one can hardly blame him. the movie has something to do with a series of rape-murders going on in a small town, with a lot of supernatural hokum mixed in. somehow, the direction manages to suck tension and interest out of every scene, and cassavetes seems visibly p.o.'ed at times. the incubus itself, which doesn't show up until the last scene, is a well-done creation, but it's not worth waiting for.1/10

seriously, i can easily stomach a lot of on screen blood, gore and repulsiveness, but what really makes this film disturbing & uncomfortable to watch is how the doctor character keeps on rambling about the physical damage done to raped women. he, john cassavetes of "rosemary's baby", talks about ruptured uterus, dry intercourse and massive loads of reddish (?) sperm like they are the most common little ailments in the world of medicine. that being said, "incubus" is an ultimately strange horror effort. it isn't necessarily awful  although it isn't very good, neither  but just plain weird. the muddled & incoherent script initially revolves on the hunt for a rapist-killer of flesh and blood (even though the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural creature) and it never seems to stop introducing new characters. none of these characters, especially not the main ones, come across as sympathetic and for some never-explained reason they all seem to keep dark secrets. the aforementioned doctor has an odd interpretation of daughter-love and continuously behaves like he's a suspect himself, the town's sheriff (john ireland) appears to be in a constant state of drunkenness and doesn't even seem to care about who keeps raping & killing the women in his district, the female reporter is even too weird for words and the galens (an old witch and her grandson) are just plain spooky. all together they desperately try to solve the mystery of whom or what exactly is destroying the towns' women reproducing organs. the sequences building up towards the rapes & murders are admirably atmospheric and the vile acts themselves are bloody and unsettling. basically these are very positive factors in a horror film, but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too unsympathetic for "incubus" to be a really good film. also, there are quite a few tedious parts to struggle yourself through (like footage of a bruce dickinson concert!) and the usually very reliable john hough's direction is nearly unnoticeable. the final shot is effectively nightmarish, though. for me personally, "incubus" was a bit of a disappointment, but there are still several enough reasons to recommend this odd piece of early 80's horror to open-minded genre fanatics.

based on ray russell's dark bestseller, this john (watcher in the woods) hough-directed bust has little going for it.though it does not lack gory violence, it lack narrative sensibility and "characters".the "incubus" of the title is a demon endowed with a mammoth penis that shoots red sperm into vaginas during intercourse -- or, to be more precise, rape.john cassavetes, moonlighting from his successful directing career, is convincing as a doctor who questions the circumstances of the bizarre attacks on young women.horrific possibilities of the victims spawning demonic offspring are not considered -- and neither is the audience's tolerance for slow moving garbage.the script's reluctance to explore the dramatic repercussions of a fertile premise exemplifies the major problems with this vapid big-schlong-on-the-loose exercise.

a young couple mandy pullman (mitch martin) and roy seeley (matt birman) are relaxing on a beach in the small town of galen. they decide to start playing practical jokes on each other. mandy hides in an old run down cabin, she is attacked and raped by an unknown assailant. roy tries to help her after hearing her screams but is killed. dr. sam cordell (john cassavetes) and his daughter jenny (erin flannery) are both new to galen after the death of sam's wife. sam is called into action by police chief hank walden (john ireland) when mandy and roy are found. he performs the autopsy on roy and treats mandy for her horrific injuries. soon after a curator at the local museum named carolyn davis (denise furgusson) is also attacked and raped. a local journalist named laura kincaid (kerrie keane) reports the events and suggests to sam that a similar string of rapes and murders occurred in the town 30 years earlier. more rapes and murders occur. meanwhile jenny's boyfriend tim galen (duncan macintosh) has been having strange dreams and nightmares and is convinced that he has something to do with the horrific acts. tim's story and digging into the towns past makes sam become convinced of the existence of a creature known as an incubus - a shape-shifting demonic entity that exists only to reproduce! directed by john hough this is one seriously dull horror film. the script by george franklin based on the novel by ray russell is slow to say the least. nothing interesting or exciting happens and it finishes with one of the most boring none event of a twist ending i've ever seen and frustratingly it just finishes suddenly. as the story plods along at a snails pace there are a few rapes, but none are shown on screen. there is only one gore scene in the entire film too. the monster itself is only shown at the very end and has all of three short scenes. everything about this film production-wise is very static and flat, the film has no energy or pace. the acting is dull and you don't feel or care for anyone. check out the scene in the autopsy room where you can clearly see the boom mike at the top of the screen on several occasions. the type of rubbish horror film making that you'll forget within a day. a real waste of time, don't bother.

for me this is a story that starts with some funny jokes regarding franks fanatasies when he is travelling with a staircase and when he is sitting in business meetings... the problem is that when you have been watching this movie for an hour you will see the same fantasies/funny situations again and again and again. it is to predictable. it is more done as a tv story where you can go away and come back without missing anything.i like felix herngren as frank but that is not enough even when it is a comedy it has to have more variations and some kind of message to it's audience....

stephen king adaptation (scripted by king himself) in which a young family, newcomers to rural maine, find out about the pet cemetery close to their home. the father (dale midkiff) then finds out about the micmac burial ground beyond the pet cemetery that has powers of resurrection - only of course anything buried there comes back not quite right.below average "horror" picture starts out clumsy, insulting, and inept, and continues that way for a while, with the absolute worst element being midkiff's worthless performance. it gets a little better toward the end, with genuinely disturbing finale. in point of fact, the whole movie is really disturbing, which is why i can't completely dismiss it - at least it has something to make it memorable. decent supporting performances by fred gwynne, as the wise old aged neighbor, and brad greenquist, as the disfigured spirit victor pascow are not enough to really redeem film.king has his usual cameo as the minister.followed by a sequel also directed by mary lambert (is it any wonder that she's had no mainstream film work since?).4/10

"indian burial ground": if those three words appear anywhere in a real-estate listing, look for a different neighborhood. a young couple with a young daughter and a toddler-age son move into a maine house adjacent to a pet cemetery--and, after a l-o-o-o-ng hike, an ancient indian burial ground. seems the indian ground can bring fido or fluffy back from the dead--if you don't mind having a raving hell beast for a pet. it can do the same for dead people--if you don't mind having a homicidal zombie around the house.throw in a busy two-lane blacktop, speeding big rigs, a well-meaning (if somewhat dim) old neighbor, and one kid who really doesn't get enough supervision, and i think you can figure out what happens from there--an over-the-top, illogical mess, which, in all fairness, does offer up a few scares.well, there are worse stephen king adaptations (such as "maximum overdrive," which king also directed). but there are far better ones, too (such as "salem's lot," "the dead zone," and both versions of "the shining").

fot the most part, this movie feels like a "made-for-tv" effort. the direction is ham-fisted, the acting (with the exception of fred gwynne) is overwrought and soapy. denise crosby, particularly, delivers her lines like she's cold reading them off a cue card. only one thing makes this film worth watching, and that is once gage comes back from the "semetary." there is something disturbing about watching a small child murder someone, and this movie might be more than some can handle just for that reason. it is absolutely bone-chilling. this film only does one thing right, but it knocks that one thing right out of the park. worth seeing just for the last 10 minutes or so.

pet sematary , though a nice 80's horror movie, with a nice director and atmosphere, is a copy of the italian movie zeder by pupi avati. it's clear that stephen king has copied almost all the ideas from this director (the movie zeder was made before king wrote the book)the cat, the ground, everything was copied, this is a case of plagiary , but, being stephen kind a famous american writer , it's totally normal that he can get away with this , it's obviously due to the huge difference between this kind of italians movies with no -budget (and in part, it's crap itself ... ) but the original idea, i repeat it, it's italian director avatilet the world know

stephen king is generally known for the morbid, and that's fine, but this story is too morbid. some movies, by the end you feel sad for the characters or the situations they were put through...here you just feel depressed. the movie has a nice feel to it (at first), with the family moving to the country, and creepy old fred gwyne greeting and warning them of the pet cemetery, but this plot leads nowhere. it starts with so much potential, but by the end, it loses the potential to be a good horror movie, and becomes corny, extremely stupid, and ultimately depressing.louis (dale midkoff), his wife rachel (denise crosby), their kids ellie and gage, and their cat move to a new home in maine. they are warned by the loony farmer neighbor jud (fred gwyne) about the local pet cemetery and how it is cursed. louis thinks nothing of this and everything's fine until the family cat is killed. he bury's it in the cursed cemetery and it comes back to life, constantly hissing at the family and wanting to be left alone. one day, infant gage runs out in the road and is run over and killed by a truck, and louis knows he must bury him in the cemetery. when gage comes back to life, he is changed and wants to murder.with many of stephen king's works that don't translate well into films, i blame the directors and screenwriters. in this case, mr. king was the screenwriter, but i'm going to blame him for his awful story. by the end it's so pointless, and though unfunny, the premise is laughable. a little boy comes back from the dead and manages to kill people with what looks like a tiny scalpel, and not only that, but he manages to lift their bodies and in one case, carry a body from the ground to the attic!(?) i know this isn't set in reality but seriously, how stupid can this get? the scene where louis injects his deceased, now living again cat to kill it is strangely sad, because the cat did not deserve this. all it did was go around minding it's own business and he killed it. the scene where he injects his own infant son is almost unbearable. not unbearably sad, but the whole situation is just awful to think of. after being injected gage staggers drunkenly around before falling down dead....why did they need to make a movie ending with the death of an infant? but...even worse, the actual ending of them film involving louis burying someone else (not going to give away who) in the cemetery after gage kills them....what did he expect? why did mr. king write this horrible story and why was it made into a movie? it's depressing and pointless!my rating: * out of ****. 90 mins. r for violence.

now, i haven't read the original short story to know all the literary points that went wrong here, so i'm not going to go down that path here.but i have some time ago learnt that stephen king movies simply -are not- horror films, with perhaps a couple of exceptions. this was not one of them. it started well enough, and for once i'm not going to complain about the acting, although fred gwynne was as usual wonderful.. also i will forgive the total lack of parenting skills, as they were necessary to make the story here move forward...but there was one consistent point that i couldn't help but get annoyed with. and that came pretty close to the end of the movie, and at least 2 characters partook in the activity of dumb stupidity. the moments i refer to are thus: there is a tiny zombie running around the house. you suspect it is under the bed. do you (a) get as close to the bed as you can before blindly raising the duvet cover up, exposing pretty much your whole body to whatever damage such a teeny undead cannibal might inflict on you, or (b) move a little away from the bed so you can peer under the completely open end from a position of slightly increased safety, or at least see the mini terror coming at you, giving you a little reaction time.i know, let's go with (a). i feel like offering myself up for the slaughter today. blehfun enough film though... just not very scary.

a family with dad louis (dale midkiff), mom rachel (denise crosby), 10 year old eileen (blaze berdalh and about 3 year old gage (miko hughes) move to this beautiful house in maine--seemingly unaware of the semis that roar down the highway in front of their house every 90 seconds or so! the neighbor across the way (the wonderful fred gwynne) makes them feel at home...and shows them a pet cemetery where children bury their pets. but a little further on is a sacred ground which can bring the dead back to life...but the dead come back in a nasty mood.""definite spoilers** the novel by stephen king was good--it was long but it developed characters and situations that made you care what happened. this movie jettisons all the character development and just plays up the gore and violence. animals are killed on camera (i know it's faked but it's still repulsive); a little boy is hit by a semi and his casket pops open during the funeral (in a totally sick scene); he's brought back to life and attacks and kills people including his mom (i do wonder how a 3 year old was able to hang her); a ghostly jogger (don't ask) tries to help the family for no reason...the movie just works the audience over shoving every gruesome death or violence into your face. it just goes out of its way to shock you. **end spoilers**acting is no help. midkiff is just dreadful as the father--he's handsome and buff but totally blank. crosby isn't much better. the two kids are just annoying. only gwynne single-handedly saves this picture with his effortless good acting. this picture shows a total contempt for the audience taking large leaps in logic and having characters do incredibly stupid things (especially midkiff at the end). this movie was (inexplicably) a huge box office hit in 1989 which led to the even worse sequel in 1992. i saw it in a theatre back then and was disturbed how the audience kept cheering on the violence and was just appalled by what i saw. a sick repulsive horror film. a 1 all the way.when you think it's all over and can't get worse the ramones sing a title song!!!!!! ("i don't wanna be buried in a pet cemetery"). truly beyond belief.

i don't know why, but after all the hype on npr i thought this was a new movie.....all the best footage has been used for bbc docs and natgeo projects that you have seen if you are interested in nature programs...it has been repackaged with sappy narration and over-dramatic music for disney to take advantage of earth day-there are great moments, and it is always nice to listen to darth vader.......oops,........... james earl jones speak, but i had hoped for a ground breaking movie , considering the new camera technology used in the making of this film......it has been sanitized for a child audience, so one can actually see better footage for free on youtube ....i feel that we are due for something as ground breaking as koyannisquatsi (sic) and this movie is certainly not it

yesterday was earth day (april 22, 2009) in the us and other countries, and i went to see the full-feature movie-version of "earth" by disneynature. i guess, like the auto manufacturers, disney is trying to convince us that they care about the planet. maybe they really do care about the planet, i don't know, but i don't think it warrants a special unit with the word "nature" in it. i do know that my youngest daughter loves mickey mouse, and who am i to tell a one-year old my personal feelings about disney? aside from incredible cinematography, it was a typical disney disappointment for me. preceded by a half-dozen disney movie trailers, rife with disney cliché ("circle of life", "falling with style"), over-dramatic music, recycled footage (disney claims "40% new footage"). i was even starting to think that james earl jones narration is getting a bit boring. i like james earl jones, but his work for disney and morgan freeman doing every warner brothers narrative starts to wear thin. i really think that disney bought some bbc nature photography that was so spectacularly done, they felt it would sell itself if they slapped some orchestral music and recognizable sound-bites on it.and what is disney's obsession with showing predators chasing and killing baby animals? there were a half-dozen such scenes, complete with bleating youngsters on the verge of getting their throats ripped out. i think disney needs to recognize that animals have a rich and interesting life outside of life and death struggles that appeal to the action-movie oriented teenagers that got dragged to this film by their parents. i was also cognizant of how disney stopped well short of implying that man had anything to do with the climate change. are they so afraid of the tiny minority of deniers that they think it's still a controversial subject? i recommend skipping this one and renting the blue planet dvds on netflix. nature films seem to be best done by the british at the moment.

i can't believe i am so angry after seeing this that i am about to write my first ever review on imdb.this disney documentary is nothing but a rehashed planet earth lite. now i knew going into this that it was advertised as "from the people who brought you planet earth," but i had no idea they were going to blatantly use the exact same cuts as the groundbreaking documentary mini-series. i just paid $8.75 to see something i already own on dvd. shame on disney for not warning people that there is absolutely nothing original here (save a james earl jones voice-over and 90 seconds of sailfish that i don't believe were in planet earth).but the biggest crime of all, is that while planet earth uses the tragic story of the polar bear as evidence that we are killing this planet and a catalyst for ecologic change, disney took that story and turned it into family friendly tripe. after the male polar bear's demise, they show his cubs grown significantly a year later, and spew some garbage about how they are ready to carry on his memory, and that the earth really is a beautiful place after all. no mention of the grown cubs impending deaths due to the same plight their father endured, no warning of trouble for future generations if we don't get our act together, nothing. just a montage of stuff we have already seen throughout the movie (and many times more, if you are one of the billion people who have already seen planet earth).i have never left the theater feeling so ashamed and cheated in my life.

don't get me wrong, the movie is beautiful, the shots are stunning, and the material is dramatic. however, it was a big disappointment and i actually left very angry at what disney had done.bbc's planet earth was all of the above and more. it was subtle. it had an overall feeling of balance and showed the full circle of life and death. there was tragedy and triumph, loss and gain. it was balanced.disney's edit of earth is none of this. they tried to make it a movie us americans would talk about. they made it dramatic. they put an over the top musical score there to frighten us. they made predators evil. they made walruses evil. they showed every encounter as negative. it tried to be suspenseful and succeeded, but at the expense of the lesson of balance. the movie was an hour and a half of negative portrayal and only about 10 minutes of positive.i am all for preventing global warning, but this was over the top political and environmental junk.that's another thing, i went to see it on the big screen, but was disappointed in the picture quality. it looked better on my tv at home.if you want to see something like this and get the whole picture, go out and buy, rent, or borrow the bbc's planet earth series. it is better lessons, better sound, and (if you have blu-ray)better picture quality.

this is simply put, the worst movie i have ever seen. it ranges from like 2+ hours, and the box art was totally misleading. my friends and i rented it because, we thought it would be a poor man's 300. you know, to laugh at and make fun of. no. there is nothing funny about this movie, only pain. then, the movie starts up, and they are speaking some sort of different language. we think, 'oh its just the beginning.' but no, from there the movie plummets and becomes more of like a super boring book you had to read in grade school, where nothing literally happens for hours, and the battle scenes rival those of 2 kids fighting on a playground. omit cinematography, and this movie belongs in trash compactor. movies like this will lead to the world we see in wall-e, which by the way was a good movie.

disappointing film. performance of actors is weak. sets are fine, could have been better. the story is also weak. battle sequences are awful. sounds and quality of film are trashy. the history of kazakh people was told very poorly. this film should have included more kazakh actors, in leading roles. and also should have been in kazakh language. kuno bekker and jay hernandez are hispanic origins. i don't get it. since when hispanic people play turkic-mongolian people. this film is shame of kazakh cinema. rustam ibragimbekov disappointed me. he is one of the finest filmmakers in the world. czekh director is excused, since he is not nomadic origin, he cannot know true spirit and history of nomads.

this movie let me down decidedly hard. it was a great concept that was ruined with a horrible script. the story just didn't flow and was disjointed at best. there were so many elements to this story that were not explained, or were forced into place with out any real thought. elements like the love story could have been expanded on a bit more, and the cannons need to be written in better. the whole main character growing up thing needed more about the training he was receiving and less standing around. everyone likes a good "little guy overcomes" story and this showed promise but with the scripting failures wasn't to be. while it did have some pyrotechnics in the final battle sequence it was lackluster due to a lack of choreography. this made for a maddeningly boring watchit could have been so good :(

i am a huge fan of warrior movies. some of my favorites are braveheart, troy, the last samurai and gladiator. and after watching mongol, which is absolutely awesome, and which i strongly recommend, i had high expectations from a sergei bodrov movie. but it was terrible, awful, even pathetic is not a strong word in this case. the whole movie i was waiting for something exciting to happen, but it didn't, then i was at least expecting a big epic battle at the end, but even that was a huge disappointment, just some random running around, waving with the swords... there are so many good warrior movies, this one is not one of them.

certainly nomad has some of the best horse riding scenes, swordplay, and scrumptious landscape cinematography you'll likely see, but this isn't what makes a film good. it helps but the story has to shine through on top of these things. and that's where nomad wanders.the story is stilted, giving it a sense that it was thrown together simply to make a "cool" movie that "looks" great. not to mention that many of the main characters are not from the region in which this story takes place (and it's blatantly obvious with names like lee and hernandez). if movie makers want to engross us in a culture like the jugars and the kazaks, they damn well better use actors/actresses that look the part.warring tribes, a prophecy, brotherly love and respect, a love interest that separates our "heroes", are all touched on but with so little impact and screen time that most viewers will brush them aside in favor of the next battle sequence, the next action horse scene, or the breathtaking beauty of the landscape.it is worth mentioning that there were some significant changes made to nomad during its filming, specifically the director and cinematographer. ivan passer (director) was replaced by sergei bodrov, and ueli steiger (cinematographer) was replaced by dan laustsen. in one respect, laustsen seems to have the better eye since his visions of the lands made the final cut that we see here. definitely a good thing. however, the changing over to bodrov as director may not have been the wisest choice. from what i'm seeing here, the focus is on the battles and not the people, which i sense comes from bodrov's eyes and not passer's. a true travesty.the most shameful aspect is that this could've been a really fantastic film, with both character and action focuses. unfortunately, the higher-ups apparently decided that action was what was needed and took the cheap (intellectually speaking) way out.even though i can't give this film a positive rating, it is worth watching simply for the amazing cinematography work. but that's all.

i saw this film at the rotterdam festival, as did presumably all the other voters. the director was present and seemed to have worked very hard and be very committed to the project, which i think explains the above average reception and mark it got. it's most similar to a feature length episode of aussie kids favourite "round the twist" but it takes itself too seriously to have even that redeeming feature. the movie in itself is maybe worth seeing if you're trying to do a cinematic world tour visiting all un member states, as i can't think of another fijian movie but overall it was generic, poorly acted (albeit by an amateur cast) and prey to the subaltern mentality. the moral of the story seemed to be that native islanders will try and screw each other over, but as long as there is an essentially decent white governor to step in, all problems can be solved (by leaving the island).

where to start? ok, don't compare this film to fight club for a start - ridiculous. if it was even a patch on fight club, the violence, blood, gore etc would be much more evident and realistic. secondly, this film is no football factory - which is so much more real (and danny dyer makes nicholas nickelby look like an embarrassment). fair enough, the storyline is quite decent and the fight scenes are well choreographed - with a decent ending i might add. but the film on the whole is poor, seriously poor. as people have been mentioning the accents should not spoil a film - i disagree - either a simple casting error, or a lack of effort in coaching the voices caused the film to be irritating all the way through - it was obvious from scene one some american/geordie was playing the role. don't get me wrong, good looking guy, who looks great with a skin head - but no not a football hooligan. i could go on forever about how ridiculous the football scene was - the 'fake steward' situation. also, when the gse are going to play united up north, they go on the train expecting only 3 of them - doesn't make any sense - this a real organisation of gangsters and thugs, which is portrayed in the film to be some mickey mouse cult of about 5 people. in terms of accuracy - did west ham and milwall not play for the last couple of years they have been in the championship together? hmm, ten years ok. and i'm sure 'bother' would be able to just waltz into a milwall firm pub. basically, a very poor film which people will like if they have little knowledge of real football, and hooliganism. if you do actually love football and are intrigued by the underworld of hooliganism,, you will simply feel as though this film has insulted your intelligence. ross george

this is possibly the worst film i've ever seen. the fact that it has a flimsy storyline is bad enough, that they've hooked it around the subject of football violence makes it 100 times worse.i had severe doubts about the premise of this film even before i started watching, but went into it open minded enough even to accept the way that the writers saw fit to introduce elijah wood's character matt into the hooligan scene.but the film throws up inaccuracy after inaccuracy, to the point that by the middle of the film each one makes you cringe harder than the time before.let's clear up a few things: hooligans don't tend to virtually smash up their own pub before a run-of-the-mill league game; they don't set out to kill each other; they don't only wear stone island (and others in the crowd, hooligans or not, do). they most certainly don't, when having taken exception to a new firm member, trot off to their rival firms territory for pie and mash. and i'd love to meet the hool who would go and grass on his firm's top boy to the rival firm. (although you can scratch what i said about setting to out kill each other if one does exist).don't get me wrong,i'm yet to see a film on the subject that doesn't contain some fantasy whims, but this is on a par with the firm for cluelessness.i found it ironical that wood's american nemesis is morally condemned by his character for being a cocaine user, when this is part and parcel of the british hooligan scene. the film chooses not to challenge wood's morals and instead steers clear of any of the firm using coke.i could go on, but i think i've made my point.as for the plot, it's highly unimaginative, and i'm sure if i hadn't spent the entire film bemoaning the points, and more, made above then i would have guessed what was going on sooner than i did. and believe me, i was well in front.i get the distinct impression this film is aimed at men, with the hope that women will enjoy the injection of emotional issues that are raised.if i'm right, then the makers have failed completely. it's too unrealistic to be enjoyed by anyone who knows about the scene, and i can't believe the kind of female who looks for emotive films would give a damn about any of the characters given their violent tendencies.are there any good points? maybe the fight scenes are well choreographed and filmed, but i'm rarely impressed by slow-mo action, certainly not when it's a fight as the point is a ruck is rousing enough anyway.there are some funny, if unrealistic moments. wood's trip to school did raise a smile for me. but a few mildly funny moments hardly make up for watching two hours of complete fabricated dross.if you're british avoid like the plague, if only not to further develop misconceptions of the scene if you're not in the know. if you're american, you may enjoy it, as it's clearly tailored to the market. but no one can deny the plot is flimsy, predictable and ultimately over the top.

green street, as it was called in the uk, or hooligans is a bad film. the story is full of fantastical ideas and premises that anyone who lives in england, has been to a football match or knows the first thing about football will spot immediately.my first main gripe with hooligans is the poor casting of the two main characters. don't get me wrong, i like elijah wood and have a great respect for his work, but despite his best efforts he struggled to pull off this role. the main motivation for his character is anger at the system and anger at betrayal, however he spends much of the film placid and cheery, only displaying his pent up aggression in one brief scene towards the end of the film. this linked with his looks and physique make him a thoroughly unconvincing addition to a gang of football hooligans. at no point during the film was i convinced that a) he could handle himself in a fight against such thugs and b) the 'firm' of thugs would accept such a person into their fold.the other main character is played by charlie hunnam. charlie looks the part, and is fairly convincing as a thug. unfortunately, being a native of newcastle upon tyne in the north of england, he demonstrates the worst east london accent since dick van dyke tried to go cock-en-y in marry poppins. details such as this probably will not bother an american audience who will be less attuned to regional dialect in the uk, but being from the uk it was a problem i couldn't ignore and it contributed to ruining the movie for me. the supporting cast all gave convincing performances and were well cast, especially the role of bover. the lad playing this character would have been much more suited to the main role that charlie played. with a film like this, you have to convince the audience that your characters are plausible, unfortunately, the casting failed. imagine if you made a film like the godfather and had sean hayes (jack) from will and grace playing michael corleone's part. you would not be convinced. the story in hooligan is also full in implausibilities. i am no football hooligan, but i am a fantatical football fan. i know how cliquey a group of 'regular' football supporters can be, as such it deem it impossible for a non-football fan, who is not a fan of the club in question, is not from the area in question and not even of english nationality to be embraced by a 'firm' who equate to a secret organisation in some severe cases. my final, and biggest, problem with this film, is the way it portrays football hooligans. i take objection to the film's idea that despite being very violent individuals, hooligans are excused as they live by some sort of code of ethics in their own world and should be admired for being brave and loyal to each other. this is complete rubbish. football hooligans are complete scum. they take football, the national sport of england and use it as an excuse to terrorise, frighten and intimidate people. they only represent a tiny percentage of football fans but give the whole game and people of this country a bad reputation. they are not brave or loyal, they are cowardly and evil. if the 'gse' in this film truly loved their club, west ham, why would the devote their lives to being a stain on its name. hooligans are an embarrassment to football and to english society. football hooligans do for the reputation of football what hitler did to the reputation of germans. although this film tries/intends to show the 'gritty' side of football violence. it does nothing more than promote it as some kind of excusable activity for extreme fans of the sport. it does not show the poor innocent by-standers at football matches who have their day ruined by some idiot throwing coins/lighters/glass into the crowd. it does not show the innocent home and property owners who have to put up with graffiti and broken windows. it does not show the real fans of football clubs who suffer indignity and embarrassment when their teams supporters are banned from travelling to away matches or abroad to european games because the thugs among them ruin it for everyone. if you want to see a good film about football violence, watch the bbc drama 'the firm'.

most of the french films i've seen - and enjoyed - were more talk than action, but that's okay. i found them interesting, well-photographed and with intriguing actors. (however, i did at one point wonder if gerald depardieu was in every french film ever made! it seemed that way.)this movie has the same interesting visuals and had a good opening. but then it became talk, talk and more talk....which is fine for a drama but not for a murder mystery. after awhile, i almost fell asleep watching this.actually, the film was more like a play with almost all the scenes played out in one room. thus, if you love plays, you should like this...but i want a little more bang for a murder story.

i'm not saying that because the production values were so low, but because it was filmed terribly. that shot of the girl washing her hair in the creek? did we really need to sit there for an overlong shot and watch her do that for 5 minutes in the same spot? it was terrible, the lighting was just plain bad. you could barely see anything and when the characters were talking, you could barely hear what they were saying. did i watch the whole movie? of course not i skipped through most of it, and i don't want to hear anyone say i need to watch the whole thing first to judge it. this film was so poorly done and executed that even by independent and low budget standards it's just plain terrible. awful movie...don't waste any time on it unless you want a good laugh, but even then it's not because of the actors "funny" lines, it's because of how painstakingly bad the production is.

horrendous! avoid like the plague. i would rate this in the top 10 worst movies ever. special effects, acting, mood, sound, etc. appear to be done by day care students...wait, i have seen programs better than this. opens like a soft porn show with a blurred nude female doing a shower scene then goes bad from there. good nude scenes, but that is it. sound and light problems were persistent throughout the movie. at times i would swear i could hear the roaring of the camera motors. yikes! i would like to see another movie on this story, but done by different people. this batch of actors and crew need more acting and movie making lessons. voted 1 out of 10.

after a fairly lengthy partially pixelated nude shower scene, we're off to the races for this "blair witch project"-esquire horror film about three girlfriends venturing to a desolate cabin deep in the woods to get away from their hectic lives for a girls' weekend out and smoke pot. they meet two guys who seem friendly enough, so they drink and tell ghost stories, until late in the movie some of them get picked off.this is a fairly slow movie, with needlessly drawn out 'suspense' scenes, the bad acting can't carry the myriad of scenes where nothing happens but mindless banter, and the movie as a whole is a dud, a deathly-boring dud at that. nothing at all happens until the last half hour and when it did i was to numb to really care.eye candy: ashley totin shows t&a; evy lutzky gets topless briefly; and jennifer hart shows her right tit my grade: d

"true" story of three girls who go into the wilds of connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods. this is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across america thirty years ago to mixed acclaim. not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results. the film is watchable but isn't at all scary (blame how some of the attack scenes for that). its the sort of film that you'll probably forget about once you're done with it. odds are that you're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told, "here watch this", which is what happened to me. if you're handed a copy give it back, the film isn't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable.

this is one of those films that makes you want the time you spent watching it back, and then some, like the time you spent accidentally picking it out, the time you spent getting to the video store, etc.first off, the look: it's grainy, it's low budget. now that in itself doesn't make for a bad film. but the way it was filmed makes the action look unnatural, so that's kind of distracting.then, the story. 3 gals go on a gal's weekend away from guys. of course, as everyone does when going on a camping trip, they stop on the way to get earrings. when they arrive at the area in which they're going to stay, they get pulled over by mr. ranger sir, who scolds them for throwing a lit cigarette out of the car at fire season, and then drives them where they're going (a remote cabin). of course, 2 "cute guys" wander into their vicinity, and bambi (yes, bambi) and aubry are immediately smitten, but apparently bambi is smitten by anything with two legs. mady is rather disappointed by this development because she was looking forward to a weekend of forgetting about her ex by getting sh**-faced and stoned with her gal-pals.oh, and i almost forgot, there's a mean old hermit that lives up that way, that's perhaps someone to not tangle with, and the area & cabin in which they're staying have a sort of "reputation".so of course, sooner or later (unfortunately, much later) some of our weekend wood-visitors begin to die, and find various booby traps (although a couple of them actually hit a little lower than that) and of course, the remaining campers are understandably upset. no cell phone reception of course (who would miss out on a chance to check their cell phone for reception in a movie anymore?). mr. ranger sir keeps popping up at odd times & his behavior seems a bit odd but he has said he will get help.there's a fantastic twist to this that you just won't want to miss too, if you're still awake. pray that you wake up to a blank screen.the acting in this is terrible, the production values are terrible, and the whole undertaking is just lame & i find it amazing this was even released. avoid at all costs, 1 out of 10.

i have never seen such terrible performances in all my life.everyone in the entire film was absolute rubbish.not one decent actor/actress in the whole film, it was a joke.reminded me of drama at school...

after the overrated success of amenabar and balaguero, spanish horror movies spread like a disease in the increasingly sad world of horror movies. the result is all in films like el segundo nombre, a tv-like production bad written, but acted and directed even worse. i didn't read the ramsey campbell book, but i'm sure that the author of the doll who ate its mother didn't have much in common with this terrible production. avoid it at any cost, unless you're searching for a quiet sleepy night in a fresh movie theater. 2/10

spanish horrors are not bad at all, some are smart with interesting stories, but is not the case of "second name". it is badly directed, badly acted and boring...boring...boring, a missed chance for an interesting story.

i'm not sure who decides what category a movie fits into, but this movie is not a horror movie. as for the story, it was fairly interesting, but rather slow. i was especially disappointed with the ending though.**spoiler**tell me why on earth does she run over to her uncle's(?) home without at least calling the detective or the police first? she knows exactly what's going on at that point, plus she has a video tape as proof. instead, she runs over there and starts going nuts and saying "i know everything, i have proof! you didn't expect proof, did you?!" then she acts surprised when her uncle stands up and starts walking over to her as if he's going to harm her. well duh! of course he's going to harm you idiot, you just told him you know everything and have proof to expose everything. what a dumb ending.

ok, plain and simple, if you are a fan of the other tomb raider games (yes, even aod) keep away from legend.it is, without doubt, the most disappointing tr game yet. it looks very nice, it sounds very nice, but it is totally unplayable and i've given up. i feel like i've been robbed by eidos.it's very simple. tr was a pc game before anything else. you control lara using the keyboard. in 6 tomb raider games the controls were standard. in aod they were 'tacky', but still the same general control sequences. in legend they have changed her movement and control methods completely and she is totally uncontrollable.i have seen comments elsewhere from people who say 'use the mouse'. no, why should i? others say 'use a gamepad'. no, why should i? others say 'but this has been the standard for 3rd person controls for years' well, i don't care, it is not the standard for any other tr game so why mess with it. oh, i know, because they couldn't care less about their original, loyal fan base, they want to cash in on the new kids who hadn't even heard of the series until the movies came out and make lots more money. pathetic.my advice to any serious tr fan is keep away from this game, and if you do buy it complain to eidos. i have seen masses of other posts, mainly on the eidos forums, from people telling them how rubbish it is, perhaps they will listen.

this game has the(dis)honor of being the first game that i have stopped playing right in the middle of and felt like smashing into bits and then burning. congratulations. first and last tomb raider i will ever play i assure you.plot: just typing that word made me laugh. there isn't one. neither is there character development. we finally have a girl heroine who can take care of herself,who isn't a *beeping*mary-sue,but unfortunately she dresses like a slut and her breast are huge. they had to attract the sexist boy gamers you see. anyway all she does is go in tomb after tomb shooting things as she goes along. why she does this i have no idea. i had subtitles on and the t.v. as loud as i could and i still didn't understand a damn thing. the development(or lack there of) for her, her two friends and the*villains*were laughable. there also will be levels that you have to go through that do-not give you any hint on what you have to do next and you literally will be in most of the boring as hell tombs for hours trying to figure out what the hell you are supposed to be doing. there is one course(out of two) in particular with her on a motorbike(believe me it is not at all fun)that you will be on for atlease an hour with no save point in sight. that means you get hit by the other motorist and guys in vans shooting at you or you hit a tree you start the hour long trek over.boss stupid f*ck: you know lets makes the levels very long, have basically no save points, have no story, no character development, give no variety in game play, have most of the music on the longest levels ear-bleeding,and give no hints whatsoever to the player so they can stay even longer in a place instead of getting to the nonexistent plot.stupid f*ck one: those sound like bang up ideas.stupid f*ck two: i concur. who needs character development ,plot, or unboring game-play.todd: i'm sorry sir,but these ideas seem like they will extremely p*ss the player off.boss stupid f*ck: shut up todd. you're fired.game-play: all she does is shoot. of course she can flip while shooting, jump while shooting, or kick while again shooting.but flipping, jumping, and kicking does not erase the fact that all she is ultimately doing is shooting. boring!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! music: the intro music is extremely beautiful. i love listening to it. the in game music goes from tolerable to wanting to cut your ears off.visuals:considering this game was made in 2006, i was expecting the visuals to blow me away.well i was blown,but definitely not in a good way.bottom-line: this game is a plot-less, no character development mess with a barely dressed unmarysuish(thankfully)young women in the lead that goes through boring tombs for some boring reason(what that might be i couldn't tell you)with unimaginative shooting gameplay. stay far away from this b.s.!!!!!!!!it's gets two stars for having a women who isn't a damsel in distress(no matter how scantily clad she might be) and the beautiful into music.

this is meant to be a comedy but mainly bad taste, and nothing remotely causing a smile in the film. the movie is about a couple trying for a child, and those people in real life who are in that situation will wince at the depictions that are portrayed. for instance scenes at a fertility clinic are not in the least funny and are quite frankly embarrassing. the male lead who plays a construction worker and in his hard hat comes across as a poor excuse for a reject from village people. the female lead is trying to look 20 years younger than she is. both leads come across as unappealing,unattractive and completely unconvincing. there are various ridiculous and totally unassuming gratuitous scenes in the film, for example with a budget airline, which is devoid of any humor. the only reason i give this 3/10 instead of 1/10 is one mark for shirley maclaine, who is a a class above anything else in the pic, and one mark for some half decent(albeit old) music.

the best that i can say about this film is that it was mildly amusing at times, and that it was an adequate time killer. unfortunately, this film is also so annoying that i wanted to slap these characters around. this is the kind of film that is so sweet, it hurts your teeth. the intentions were good, i suppose, but things get awfully tiresome when the dialogue is so nauseating. when the two leads aren't together on-screen, this really isn't bad at all, but be afraid during those frequent moments when the loving couple starts talking to one another.

'a smile like yours' is a pathetic comedy that actually makes no sense. i don't mean that the story was complicated, but the entire plot is based on one thing: a couple's desperate and expensive unsuccessful attempts to conceive children. people who tried that hard must've forgotten of the option of the adoption, to which this movie is not kind to.lauren holly plays jennifer robertson, a complete contradiction to anything offered by the women's liberation movement, exhibiting almost no sense of independence. she is quite a boring character as the dreamy housewife with absolutey nothing else on her mind but to have kids. like a dumb 50's romance comedy, greg kinnear is her submitting husband who likewise displays no personality, no independence, and from us, no interest.they are the two most boring and often annoying characters, and they hardly make for topics of a comedy that should present itself with many mishaps, which should arise from a couple doing all they can to get pregnant. except, they really don't do anything except go to a fertility clinic and shell out a whole lot of money to do what they could do in the privacy of their own (except for that in vitro fertilization number). the plot hardly allows for any mishaps, because well, the couple don't do anything to create any sort of bizarre situation. they just go to this clinic. so what?the subplots are meant to test the faithfulness of the couple, a necessary moral element of the story since the couple does plan on conceiving children together. jennifer works at a new age shop with her friend (played by joan cusak), and they are in the business of developing aphrodesiacs. christopher macdonald plays the intrested buyer and jennifer is the promising negotiator of a pretty price for her and her friend's product. the subplot hardly offers much to keep you interested (although joan cusak is pretty funny in the restaraunt scene).danny (kinear) is an architect, who finds an opportunity to make some extra money to cover the clinic bills, by taking on a job in seattle, where his boss is the crass seductress (also another hopeless, helpless female character) who tries to influence danny (as dumb as he is) to have an affair with her once things are conveniently rocky with him and his wife (for reasons i don't care to give away). jill hennesy is good in the role, but her character is too predictable, and too formulaic as a much needed element to create conflict for danny. it is stupid and once again, hardly interesting. the overall movie itself is utterly boring, and hardly funny at all (save the restaraunt scene and the airline flight). the plot offers nothing that is really attention-grabbing. even if the story was entirely about two people trying to conceive, the writers could've figured out several hilarious mishaps to develop out of that. second, the main characters are completely boring. they are complete silouhettes of dumb 1950s comedies with happy wife and clueless husband. so, even without mishaps present in the plot, the characters themselves offer nothing interesting, let alone funny.joan cusak should've been in the lead and someone else should've taken kinnear's part. cusak would've made even a lousy story outrageously funny (as she sometimes does in her co-starring role here). this is definitely one to pass up.

dane tries to hard and is to extreme with all of his yelling and going crazy, spilling water on himself and rolling on the floor. to much. calm down, get yourself together and make us laugh. i didn't quite understand his comparison toward comics and rock stars. just because there both up on stage or something? he said that every comedian wants to be a rock star. i'm sure rodney dangerfield was really into that when he was alive. he had a few good jokes like the burger king joke where people yell at the drive thru. i also liked the reese's pieces joke. if dane just didn't act so mental he might be funnier and i might have given this a higher rating, as high as maybe an eight.

waste of my life, .... the director should be embarrassed. why people feel they need to make worthless movies will never make sense to me. when she died at the end, it made me laugh. i had to change the channel many times throughout the film because i was getting embarrassed watching such poor acting. hopefully the guy who played heath never gets work again. on top of that i hope the director never gets to make another film, and has his paycheck taken back for this crap. { .02 out of 10 }

awful, just awful! my old room mate used to watch this junk and it drove me crazy. the book is one of my favorites and its a shame that some people will never know what it is really like because their first impressions are from dribble like this. they changed so much it is hardly recognisable. which baffles me since the book reads like a soap opera anyway, providing enough fodder for modern day entertainment. it's like one of those lifetime movies that say "based on a true story" but are completely fictional. there is none of the emotion or depth of the book, just mindless melodrama. if you are a high school student looking for a way to get out of reading, i suggest you try another version.

i just saw this movie premiere on mtv. i must say this was extremely mediocre (at its best). the dialogue doesn't explain the story very well, and i was left feeling like there were a lot of plot holes. there isn't one likable character in this adaptation due to poor acting. i just find that all of the characters are way too possessive when it comes to someone they love. also, cate and heath's love seems very incestuous. they seem more like brother and sister rather than lovers. i don't understand why the father would accept something like that under his roof.i watched this movie because of a few actors that i respected and enjoyed to watch in previous films, but like i said, it's extremely hard to like any of the characters. katherine heigl's performance was horrid which was a complete shocker. she was terrible at being the bitchy older sister of edward, and there just wasn't enough lines for aimee osbourne for me even to critique her performance. johnny whitworth did well and it was great seeing him in something recent and even though his character was a bit kooky, he was the only person i sympathized with. as for erika christensen and mike vogel, they were supposed to be our heroines, but came off as whiny and overdramatic.i just didn't enjoy this movie very much or the music in it. there was a brief appearance of the christian punk band, mxpx, but that small appearance would not convince me to watch this movie again. mtv did a tremendous job in convincing me this was a movie it was not. i just pictured something so completely different.

what an empty and lack lustre rendition of the classic novel. i do wish people would stop messing about with classics when they clearly have no idea of the real intention or point of the original. this version is no different. i felt that the ralph fiennes version is much worse though as the casting of juliette brioche as kathy has got to be the worst casting decision ever...anyway back to this version. it aims to make the story relevant to a contemporary setting and in a musical style. it succeeds in both but high art it is nit. throwaway viewing for a rainy day maybe...the direction was average and the editing abysmal. worse than the old quincy. deepak verma does a great turn as hindley and is in fact one of britains wasted talents. the part of heath was played with great charm and belief and i think that the casting is the strongest point of this project. although a more talented director would have made better use of the facilities he had. its clear that he was a director for hire and didn't instill the project with the passion that it deserved.

i wasn't expecting much of this film- a fun little diversion. wuthering heights could be turned into a plausible modern story- nice and soapy, melodramatic and intriguing. but this film decided to throw away the talents of the people involved in a simpering version so watered down from the source material that it's amazing they had the guts to call it wuthering heights at all. it ignores the fact that it is a story of people who are in essence unlikeable, mostly unsympathetic, and frequently cruel to one another. it changes the very nature of certain characters- isabelle, for instance, in the novel, had not a conniving bone in her body- they've stripped her blind idealism and turned her into a scheming whore. heathcliff is an awful person who psychologically tortures most people in his path, but in this version catherine ends up leaving her daughter in his care. the dialog is trite and one wonders how the actors managed to deliver any of it with straight faces. in place of depth or actual emotions, we know they mean something when they scream it in someone's face. i've read criticism of the early 90's version, "emily bronte's wuthering heights" which featured ralph fiennes and juliette binoche, saying that it turned an intensely dark, gothic story into a sudsy bodice-ripper. slightly valid comments, but the mtv version goes a step further, using the basic story structure to deliver chipper beach bums cavorting to really bad music.

i'll be honest, this is one of the worst movies ever. if not, then it's very close. ever seen a bad teen soap opera. well this is like one of those. except worse. for example: (possibly spoiler) girl: i wanna go somewhere else.guy: all we need is here.girl: but i wanna take myself somewhere different.guy: i'll take you somewhere else.... proceeding this line they have sex. the music is bad pop and bad punk rock. if you've ever read the book, avoid this movie like the plague. they completely change the personalities of the characters and the events. additionally, they just get rid of things. also, the movie ends about before the book finishes. it is an awful movie. so, if you haven't read the book, don't watch it. if you have read the book, burn it (the movie). if you like stupid teen soap operas that are lower quality than your average low quality teen soap opera, go for it. then again, should we expect anything different from mtv?

let me start off by saying that i didn't watch this movie at first with high expectations. it was recommended to me by a friend with mediocre taste in movies, and "mtv" was pasted on the front cover so i was not expecting much. what i was expecting was a tear-jerker, overly dramatic but at least effective.i was wrong.firstly, let me start off that i had never read the book nor watched any other versions of the movie.the acting was my main gripe with the film. by god is it awful. the main girl is pretty mediocre, but when compared to the rest of the cast she's maryl streep. the main "hero", heath, is just plain awful. he can sing decent sounding clichéd songs, but that's about it. his acting broke the 'sad' moments by being so bad at points that i just burst into laughter. the isabel girl was pretty godawful too, and the brother was just a flat character that was played by an actor that couldn't display emotion whatsoever. and when he tried to, it failed miserably. neil patrick harris was the only decent actor, playing edward, although it's obvious the direction was bad because even he did not live up to what i've seen him do. oh, and the father wasn't half-bad to my memory, but he was in the movie for such a small amount of time i can hardly remember.the story itself was not very good. more breakups than you can imagine. predictable story (until the ending, which i barely understood). extremely one-sided characters with no real depth to them... overall just not interesting or compelling, nothing we've never seen before done much better, and nothing worth watching here.the ending is suppose to be a tearjerker. it did nothing of the sort. the ending isn't built up at all, it almost feels like an afterthought. in fact, i had to ask my friends why the ending actually happened, which when they explained it to me i must have had a look on my face of "wait, when did they say that? what?". never a good sign. the editing was probably the worst i've seen, though i do understand the fade-ins-fade-outs are done because this was originally made for tv, but that's really no excuse.overall, the movie is just garbage. i'm a sensitive guy, i cried during two episodes of the simpsons. i never cried during this crap, not even close. really, this movie is not worth your time. if you really want to see a tearjerker look elsewhere.

i was skeptical when i first saw the calvin kline-esque commercials, but thought i'd give it a chance. so i've watched it, and all i can say is bleh. this movie was so bad. it's rare that i hate a movie this much. watching this flick reminded me of those funny scenes in altman's "the player," when the writers pitch their bizarre ideas to producers. i'd like to know which mtv producer decided that an hour and a half long music video adaptation of bronte (but this time heathcliff's name is heath and he's a rock star, and hindley's name is hendrix) would be a good idea.even that might not have been so bad, had they not gotten every other aspect of the film so horrible wrong as well. the direction must have been "you're lonely, pout for me." i laughed out loud during all the "serious" scenes and was bored throughout the rest. the camera work was jagged and repeatedly reminded me that i was watching a bad movie trying to be edgy. my theory is that the sound guy got bored and went down to the beach for a few beers with his boom -- all i could hear in half the scenes were the waves. and in the other scenes, i wish that's all i could hear. and speaking of sound, what they did to the sisters of mercy song "more" is absolutely inexcusable, then again, it's inexcusable what they did to bronte.on the bright side, there was one entertaining scene -- specifically the moment when johnny whitworth licked katherine heigl's face -- and if you can tell me what that scene had to do with all the rest of the story more power to you.

a perfect little atrocity...i doubt if a single shot lasted for more then the reglamentary-mtv 4.4 seconds. woeful casting, worse even than in kusminsky's version (a reminder: he managed to miscast juliet binoche and ralph feinnnes). but, hey-the rich got what they deserved. dark and brooding heathcliff reduced to the state of a golden-locked angel, frail and angellic catherine presented as a chubby, melon-breasted heffer, meek and weak linton is a peeping tom, and innocent isabel becomes sara michelle-gellar's character from cruel intentions. 15-year old eddie bauer and abercrombie and fitch donners-take notice. this thing was made for you. it is an hour-and-a-half long music video where everything is given to you; you are saved from the uncomfortable necessity of not even trying to understand the complexity of the characters, but even from initial shock at their actions. the actors tried, but, as i stated before, they were miscasted. decent photography, but editing is on the level of tv production class in high school. i implore you all: read the book, or the cliffnotes even; watch the previous versions of it, even kusminsky's; but stay away from the numerous future reruns, during which you will not receive the benefit of the commercial-free premiere.

i'll admit that i liked the first one, and was really looking forward to the sequel.i was let down. sure the special effects were technically amazing -- but they weren't believable looking. it looked more like a cartoon. alright, i admit to liking 80% of the chase scene -- but the fight with all the mr smiths? it was too obviously animated.i can accept all of that. what i can't accept is that the non-action parts were crap. every time morpheus opened his mouth, i knew i was in for a speech that went on forever and signified nothing.i was also disappointed with the little plot that did exist. what this movie did was tell us that there was no truth in the first movie (except about the existence of the matrix). this movie was a little like seeing the episode of dallas where you find out that the entire previous season was a dream.ugh! i want my $7.00 back!

as soon as i began to see posters and hear talk about this movie, i was immediately excited. the matrix was an incredible to behold and i couldn't wait to see the second one, especially after beginning to see the trailers for it at other movies. however, when i saw it, i left the theater extremely disappointed, as did many other movie-goers at the theater with me. while the action scenes in the movie were amazing as always, there simply were too few of them. in the first movie, there was constant fighting going on it seemed, but the second took a much more (and much unfortunate) preachy point of view. to sum up the plot, there wasn't much to it that wasn't expected. the machines were digging toward zion with intent of destroying it (that's not a spoiler, everyone saw it in the commercials). the dialogue of the movie was absolutely horrendous. unless you're a psychology major, you most likely will not understand most of what is said in the movie, and because of that simply won't care. it became somewhat of a romantic movie with the showing of events happening in the lives and relationship of neo and trinity. agent smith, for as bad-ass as he was in the first movie, seemed to get all religious and preachy. personally, i don't need to hear about that or pay money to listen to it. the movie was a serious waste of my time, and i don't think i can watch the first one anymore. the dialogue and the constant boring and dry monologues from basically every character made me lose interest in the film quickly, and the small amount of good fighting scenes pushed me nearer the edge, and the ending of the movie shoved me right off. what movie ends with "to be concluded"? how original is that folks. i wonder if the wachowski brothers had to burn the midnight oil to come up with that one. in conclusion, the movie was bad and that's the end of it.

for the life of me i can not understand the blind hype and devotion to this totally unbelievable movie......and i think i have the qualifications to say so.... i am a former special operations soldier with 14 years in the "lifestyle" ... this movie was totally totally unreal and obviously written by someone that did very little research into life in the army, in combat or at a team or platoon level.three eod guys trouncing around bagdad on their own????? get real... no chain of command????? get real... eod clearing buildings??? get real....eod/ military intelligence / sniper qualified buck sergeant???? get real.... wait... i shot and killed a bad guy and then let two guys take me without firing another shot or being injured at all???? get real....i carjack an iraqi civilian, while i am only armed with a 9 mil, break into another civilians house, get punked by his wife then make it back to camp on foot in the middle of bagdad at night without as so much as a scratch or confrontation???? get real...there is absolutely no adherence to military protocol {army} and no resemblance at all to any army unit that i have even encountered. totally unbelievable and disrespectful to the men and women of eod who contrary to this poor film are not wild adrenaline seeking yahoos but extremely qualified professionals doing an incredibly hard job.

i really liked zb1. really, i did. i have no problem with extremely low-budget movies, and i have enjoyed movies with worse production values than zb3 (if you can imagine such a thing. check out 'wiseguys vs. zombies,' if you're interested). indeed, i prefer lower budget zombie films, because i am suspicious that hollywood directors do not understand what zombies are 'about.'but zb3 was just so bad. it was retarded. i don't want to bother being dignified in my criticism. i want my 90 minutes back, etc. except that it really only took ~80 minutes, because partway through i put it into 1.4x fast forward.okay, here's some criticism.1. the pacing was terrible. everyone talked in monologues. even when someone just had a single line, the camera work and the editing and the insertion of a bunch of f-bombs into every sentence made the line feel like a monologue. at first i was excited about the 90 minute running time compared to zb1's 70 minutes, but there were actually fewer 'events' in zb3. it's all talking.2. the gore effects got stupider. just glop rubbed around on people's tummies.3. despite the epic exposition, there really wasn't a plot. and the exposition is indeed epic! i won't spoil it, if you're going to watch it. (don't watch it.) but then, it's just a bunch of lame characters walking around and bickering for ~80 minutes. or fewer, if you so choose.

why in the world would someone make this piece of trash movie? the first two zombie bloodbath movies were stupid enough, but this takes the cake for the worst of the trilogy (perhaps of all time). todd sheets is still the director, but no longer the screenwriter, which isn't a negative or a positive, considering he's just as untalented as the guy who wrote this one. the writing is too heavily reliant on the f-word, which is used somewhere between 200 and 300 times at nausea. the acting is about on par with the last two bloodbath movies, so naturally, it's some of the worst i've ever seen. the special effects are better than the last 2, but they still look godawful. the plot has become too complicated for it's own good, and was about some government experiment gone wrong and zombies being produced. also featured is cryogenically frozen mutant zombie and school kids that know how to time travel, leading to one of the most idiotic endings i've ever seen. after the movie it goes to outtakes, which is strange because this whole movie is an outtake. only see this to make fun of it, because if you go into this with a serious mind, you might possibly kill yourself.my rating: bomb/****. 95 mins.

you've got to admire director todd sheets for his dedication, drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie-making: between 1985 and 2000, he made a whopping 34 films. unfortunately, if his zombie bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by, they're probably all crap (and a quick look at their imdb ratings seems to verify my hunch).part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead, who have escaped from a top-secret army base located directly beneath their school. working from a dreadful script by brian eklund (which relies heavily on liberal use of the f-bomb) director sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind-numbingly awful performances from his talent-free cast, dreadful visual effects (some crap cgi and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space-shuttle) and his trademark shoddy gore (handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims' clothing).finally, after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives, and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards, zombie armageddon finishes with a time-travel/paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re-watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film. honestly... once was enough, mr. sheetswhat have we done to deserve having to watch it again?

horrible, horrible tv show! why comedy central decided to repeat old episodes of this program is beyond me. it really sucks! i am, of course, speaking about the seasons after the first two. the first two seasons were golden, and if i was exclusively talking about those seasons, this show would have gotten eight out of ten stars. none of the comedians appearing after the first two seasons who were not part of the original cast are any good. they were, and are, awful. the comedy is not funny at all. at all!!! the original cast was full of very talented comedians, like artie lange, phil lamarr, and mary schorr (or whatever her name is), all of whom should have gotten better deals after they left mad tv. this show is highly overrated, and less worthy of your channel surfing time than saturday night live, another horrible show. go out on saturday night and have fun, and leave mad tv to wither and die, as it deserves to.

in the glory days of the 90s (god rest its soul) you could turn on the great comedy central at any hour of the day and see the greatest sketch comedy show of all time saturday night live. whpat a glorious show that was, whether it was the original not-ready-for-primetime players or the second golden age of snl featuring the greats- chris farley, adam sandler, david spade... and then, it all went to hell. i was first exposed to madtv about a year and a half ago, and i think i must've passed out from shock. how could a show so terrible prevail for so long? there are so many horrible flaws. i suppose i'll start with the writing. the writing, for most part, is terrible. it is nothing more than kindergarten bathroom humor. the cast, for the most part, is talentless. there are a few sketches i have enjoyed, such as some of ms. swan and stuart, and there are a few talents on the show such as the magnificent alex borstein. phil lamarr is a talented actor, just not as a comedian. although there a few sparse ha ha moments, they are not enough to redeem this endless line of horrible drivel populated by babbling idiots. miss this one.

this show is one of the worst shows of all time! absolutely no original jokes and they're always a year late. like in 2009 they will finally say something about michael vick's dogfights. all of the cast members are people who wanted to be on s.n.l but had to go to the lowest of the low, mad tv.its an hour of mad magazine jokes witch aren't funny to begin with, told by terrible john stewart wanna bees. so if you have any problem tell me id love to hear the opinion of the 3 people who watch this show. family guy put it well "osama bin ladin was hiding in the one place no one would look, the cast of mad tv. there is a reason why no one watches the show.

why oh why don't blockbuster movies simply stick to their selling point? everyone in the cinema, young and old, was there to see talking animals make jokes, and whilst they did that we were all happy... and then, as with lost in space, came the two killer blows - plot and sentiment. who really cared what happened to the tiger or whether eddie murphy made up with his daughter? not me, that's for sure.

everyone involved with this project should be ashamed as to the result of their efforts. oh. i laughed a coupe of times , but i laughed a couple of times during schindler's list also. they really screwed up a good premise.

i just did not enjoy this film. but then i loved babe, a pig in the city and have been spoiled by talking animal films that are exceptionally well done in every way. the animals were not likeable. they were all irritating especially chris rock's guinea pig, but then what could i expect, it's chris rock. i believe i smiled once or twice at a couple cute lines, but that's it.

i have a feeling that dr. dolittle was intended for an audience composed entirely of children. i think i would have had a better time if i sat at home and watched a sit-com. my favorite characters in the movie were the pet hamster and the two alley mice.

just what we need! another remake of vintage hollywood cinema, with eddie murphy miscast again in his second time around after the nutty professor (1996)! this shows why we're running out of special ideas in making a quality movie, ladies and gentlemen! it has some signs of hope for its likeable and delightful imagery of animals who can act and speak with humans. things can only get more worse, unfortunately. bathroom jokes and sexual references kill this piece of "family" funfare instantly. even parents and children saw the trailer ad on the family channel, which was followed by utter angst and disgust in the movie theater. sad to say this is the more progressive pre-millennium era, but enjoy it while it lasts 'cause things can only get worse with time. more went wrong with the all-new dr. dolittle. it is absolutely plotless, feeling too flat. i also hate that irritating voice of chris rock!!! we need more talented voice-overs than a bunch of overpaid celebs who don't want to declare bankruptcy. i'll have to agree on my local newspaper giving this among the top five worst movies of 1998. then again, the original version wasn't any good, either. murphy's next project could be patton if he's not careful!

contrary to most other commentators, i deeply hate this series.it starts out looking interesting, with mysterious aliens and giant robots, and i kept my hopes up until the very last episode. at the end of it, i still didn't understand what the alien attacks were all about (maybe i missed something, who knows?), and realized that i had sat through 26 episodes consisting mainly of the characters' own self-hating, selfishness and self-pitying. it actually flips between alien/robot fights and these dark, depressing blinking-on-and-off scenes where one or more characters can just say or shout "i hate me/you/it" 10-12 times in a row.i can't really see either shinji or asuka (two of the main characters) showing growth or change. (nor can i see any of the other characters learning or growing either, for that matter.) i wanted to kick them and tell them to get a bloody life during the first episodes, and the feeling didn't change during the last ones. shinji truly possesses the kind of helpless hopelessness that makes people angry rather than charitable, and asuka is such an infuriating know-it-all that i wanted to smash the tv screen every time she came into view. oh, and more than anyone else, these two hate everything, and say it veeeeeeeery often.i'm otherwise a big fan of animé and manga, and never before have i disliked one so much. i read that the series creator/writer wrote this while suffering from a depression, and i can believe that; it made me depressed to watch it. is that the aim of this series? i'm honestly asking. is it designed to make the viewer confused and annoyed? and if suffering from a depression, why just not write a book or biography about it, instead of mixing it up with aliens and mecha's? this alien war plot, as far as i could tell, lead to absolutely nowhere.finally, since i'm truly fascinated by how many people claim to love this patchwork of dead-end plots, i can't help but wonder how many of them actually find it good, and how many say they do because they've been told it is.

this has to be one of the top overrated anime shows ever made. and yes, i was even shown the "end of evangelion" and that still made me hate it even more. not to mention the countless rip-offs of this show!i don't mind psychological and philosophy untertones, but evangelion drags it out into the mud like nothing else! not many of the characters seemed to be very interesting. the only ones that seemed to be interesting were asuka, misato and pen-pen. other than that, mostly everyone else were a bunch of whiny crybaby losers. they need to go to a psyciatric center, not piloting giant robots against aliens called "angels".even the mecha and alien fights did not help at all. goes something like this:"well, there are these robots, and they are really cool because they bleed(!) when they get hurt, but they are not really mecha, but captured angels, so sometimes they go insane and don't do what the underaged pilots want, and they have to be controlled better...blah blah blah!"i am so sorry, but i just cannot recommend evangelion to anyone, anime otakus or not. to those who love this series greatly, fine you're entitled to that opinion, i respect you. but to thoses that have a "out of your mind" obsession to think that every one will like this series, you are more of an egotist.i prefer "macross", "mospeada", "run-dim" and "robot taekwon v" myself.

this incredibly overrated anime television series (26 episodes, 25 minutes each) is about a 14-year-old boy (and two of his girl classmates) who pilots a giant robot to defend japan against invading beings called angels. there is very little explanation given to the angels or why their numbers have increased in recent times, and they just seem to pop out of nowhere for no apparent reason (why not attack all at once instead of at spaced out intervals that are convenient for the humans you're attempting to destroy?). the robot fight scenes attempt to employ a variety of obstacles, but the action itself is poorly executed and boring to watch. almost every episode seems like a waste of space where nothing of interest occurs.some might be intrigued by fans who mention the (very few) symbolic references herein, but that's all they are - shallow one-liners to religious or philosophical concepts that are randomly tossed in with zero craftsmanship. as a whole the series is incredibly tedious due to the superficiality of the characters, who are really nothing more than self-pitying crybabies. the psychology is pathetic, with hopelessly simplistic conflicts like "i hate my father" repeated over and over and over and over again with no progression beyond their face value. it's no understatement to say that these characters plunge this series from time-wasting mediocrity to anger-inducing garbage during the final episodes with their endless, angst-ridden diatribes of excessively repetitive psychobabble (some of which is totally meaningless).i'm not kidding when i say that this series just got worse and worse as it progressed. every day i'd look at the dvd set sitting on my living room table and say to myself, "damn, i've gotta watch the next episode at some point. (sigh) i may as well slug through another one tonight." the real kicker was that the episodes were only 25 minutes long, yet they were somehow able to digress into a completely uninteresting borefest within the opening 10 minutes. this is coming from a guy who will happily sit through 150-minute films with glacial pacing, so my criticism of this series is most damning indeed.never in my entire life have i despised watching a series as much as "evangelion." i had already purchased it based off of all the fanatical comments on imdb, and i certainly wasn't going to let it collect dust after spending my hard-earned money. what followed was 10 hours of pure, unmitigated torture. my love/hate relationship with anime is turning into a hate/love relationship after this highly acclaimed disaster."evangelion" represents everything anime should not be - massive quantities of dull, pretentious tripe under the guise of intelligent cinema. the universal acclaim for this piece of crap is simply unbelievable; and the ridiculous assertions by fans that this series as "one of mankind's greatest achievements" is probably the most stupifying comment i've ever heard on imdb - and i've seen some doozies.

this is hands down the worst movie i can ever remember watching. everything was unbelievably cliché and retarded. the acting was horrible too. the camera work wasn't bad but that still couldn't redeem it. the writer/director of this film must suffer from down's syndrome if he believed this movie would help his career. i want the hour and a half of my life back that i wasted watching this crap. i would rather watch a video of the grass growing than this. i cant believe imdb is making me write 10 lines in order to post this but i feel that this movie is so bad that i must continue to warn others about it. the reason i came about this movie is that my girlfriend requested it from the local library thinking that it was the kris kristoferson movie which ended up being entitled "disappearances". i don't know whose fault it was for this garbage ending up in my dvd player but i feel that someone owes me at least $20 for my time, pain and suffering. in conclusion, the director/writer of this movie better hope i ever recognize him on the street.

disappearance is set in the mojave desert as jim (harry hamlin) & patty henley (susan dey) plus their two kids katie (basia a'hern) & matt (jeremey lelliott) along with ethan (jamie croft) a friend of the family are travelling along, they stop at a roadside diner & ask about an old deserted mining town on the map called weaver. no-one claims to have heard of it but it's definitely there & the family decide to take a detour in order to check it out & take some pictures. once at the town they take some pictures & have a look around but when it comes time to leave their car won't start & they have to spend the night there. while looking around they find a camcorder videotape which they play only to discover footage of a scared woman saying all her friends have disappeared, the next morning & their car has disappeared as things take a very sinister turn. what is weaver's secret? will the henley's ever leave there alive...written, co-executive produced & directed by walter klenhard i have to say that disappearance is one of the most frustrating films i have ever watched. for the first 85 minutes it was a pretty good mysterious mix of thriller & horror film but then we are treated to one of the single worst endings ever in motion picture history. the script suggest lots of different things but never elaborates or confirms & i was sitting there genuinely intrigued about what was going on, from the families car mysterious disappearing, the four recent graves, the thing in the abandoned mines, the supernatural sandstorm, the sudden & unexplained disappearance of ethan & his just as unexplained reappearance, the sheriff's sinister motives, the compass in the car going crazy, the crashed plane, the townspeople denying weaver existed & the possible side effects of a neutron bomb being dropped near weaver in the 40's but they are all tossed out of the window & for all we know could have been totally separate random events. everything was coming along nicely & was set up for a big twist revelation but none was forthcoming & instead i was treated to the most ambiguous, strange, surreal & downright frustrating ending possible. if nothing else the ending contradicts much of what has gone before & leaves the viewer with more questions than answers. it's almost as if the makers had these great ideas but then didn't know what to do with them & just made the ending up on the spot. i just felt i put so much effort into watching the film which can be pretty slow at times without any sort of reward & in fact the ending felt more like a kick in the teeth or a good two finger salute!director klenhard does a reasonable job here, the old ghost town has a certain atmosphere & the large expansive desert locations give a good sense of isolation. it's well made but what were they thinking with that ending? nothing fits, nothing makes sense & it's just a huge frustrating mess that after sitting through the thing for nearly an hour & a half leaves you confused & wanting to know more. despite being a horror film there's no blood or gore although there are one or two creepy moments here & there. the film actually reminds of the hills have eyes (2006) remake for large parts as that is what the film is set-up to be before a bizarre ending which does nothing to bring any closure to the film.technically the film is good with high production values, good special effects, sets, locations & cinematography. set in america but filmed in south australia. the acting is fine from a decent cast.disappearance is a really odd film, for a long time it shapes up to be a neat little horror mystery thriller but it never explains anything which happens & the truly surreal ending just throws up more questions than answers. i really can't see anyone making head nor tail of this, i really can't.

it's been a looooonnnggg time since i saw this comedy, and i'd forgotten just how idiotic it is. i'd place this easily in the lower two or three of elvis presley's very worst movies. presley plays joe whitecloud, a half-breed indian bull rider who returns home to arizona and the broken-down shack where his family lives, and where his friends love to party all night long. his parents are played by burgess meredith and katy jurado, and his old indian grandpa is thomas gomez. none of the three offer anything of substance , comically or otherwise. the government has invested in the family's cattle, but they're lacking a bull. elvis gets to sing just a few utterly worthless songs, and is pursued by a young boy-crazy gal and her gun-toting mother. this is just a real slapdash of a mess, and the dilapidated surroundings practically stink of manure and don't make this much easier. the one thing that puzzles me, however, is that elvis actually seems to be having a good time in the film. hard to believe, considering he got so upset about being stuck making so many mediocre movies.

this movie is not very good.in fact, it is the worst elvis movie i have seen.it has very little plot,mostly partying,beer drinking and fighting. burgess meredith and thomas gomez are wasted. i don't know why they did this movie.you could say elvis was wasted as well,he is much,much better in "follow that dream."

there's so many negative reviews about "stay away, joe" in here i just can't stay quiet any longer and let this injustice happen. here's a side you haven't heard yet.elvis presley's movies are my guilty pleasure for a simple reason: they are perfect films for a pure relaxation because i don't have to think when i watch them. that means i don't have to worry about missing a complex plot because there never is a proper plot to start with. i can just kick off my shoes, grab a beer, sit back, switch off my brains and enjoy all the general wackiness and catchy easy-going rock n' roll tunes from the grooviest decade of them all.in my books "stay away, joe" definitely falls into the "so bad it's good"-category. now if you're like me and appreciate "the trash value", this is the ultimate 1960's camp experience. it's so bad that it's almost surrealistic to watch and just when you think that it can't possibly get any worse it surprises you in the most imaginable ways. in the end you're so amazed by all the new levels of stupidity you just don't know whether to laugh or cry. in a nutshell: i love it because it's so damn amusing that there once was a generation that actually made films like this. i still give it 1 out of 10 though - once it hits the bottom 100 it will became an instant bad movie classic.

"national treasure" (2004) is a thoroughly misguided hodge-podge of plot entanglements that borrow from nearly every cloak and dagger government conspiracy cliché that has ever been written. the film stars nicholas cage as benjamin franklin gates (how precious is that, i ask you?); a seemingly normal fellow who, for no other reason than being of a lineage of like-minded misguided fortune hunters, decides to steal a 'national treasure' that has been hidden by the united states founding fathers. after a bit of subtext and background that plays laughably (unintentionally) like indiana jones meets the patriot, the film degenerates into one misguided whimsy after another  attempting to create a 'stanley goodspeed' regurgitation of nicholas cage and launch the whole convoluted mess forward with a series of high octane, but disconnected misadventures.the relevancy and logic to having george washington and his motley crew of patriots burying a king's ransom someplace on native soil, and then, going through the meticulous plan of leaving clues scattered throughout u.s. currency art work, is something that director jon turteltaub never quite gets around to explaining. couldn't washington found better usage for such wealth during the start up of the country? hence, we are left with a mystery built on top of an enigma that is already on shaky ground by the time ben appoints himself the new custodian of this untold wealth. ben's intentions are noble  if confusing. he's set on protecting the treasure. for who and when?your guess is as good as mine.but there are a few problems with ben's crusade. first up, his friend, ian holmes (sean bean) decides that he can't wait for ben to make up his mind about stealing the declaration of independence from the national archives (oh, yeah  brilliant idea!). presumably, the back of that famous document holds the secret answer to the ultimate fortune. so ian tries to kill ben. the assassination attempt is, of course, unsuccessful, if overly melodramatic. it also affords ben the opportunity to pick up, and pick on, the very sultry curator of the archives, abigail chase (diane kruger). she thinks ben is clearly a nut  at least at the beginning. but true to action/romance form, abby's resolve melts quicker than you can say, "is that the hope diamond?" the film moves into full x-file-ish mode, as the fbi, mistakenly believing that ben is behind the theft, retaliate in various benign ways that lead to a multi-layering of action sequences reminiscent of mission impossible meets the fugitive. honestly, don't those guys ever get 'intelligence' information that is correct? in the final analysis, "national treasure" isn't great film making, so much as it's a patchwork rehash of tired old bits from other movies, woven together from scraps, the likes of which would make il' betsy ross blush.the buena vista dvd delivers a far more generous treatment than this film is deserving of. the anamorphic widescreen picture exhibits a very smooth and finely detailed image with very rich colors, natural flesh tones, solid blacks and clean whites. the stylized image is also free of blemishes and digital enhancements. the audio is 5.1 and delivers a nice sonic boom to your side and rear speakers with intensity and realism. extras include a host of promotional junket material that is rather deep and over the top in its explanation of how and why this film was made. if only, as an audience, we had had more clarification as to why ben and co. were chasing after an illusive treasure, this might have been one good flick. extras conclude with the theatrical trailer, audio commentary and deleted scenes. not for the faint-hearted  just the thick-headed.

this movie is like the thousand "cat and mouse" movies that preceded it. (the following may look like a spoiler, but it really just describes a large class of movies) there is the passionate, wise main character, his goofy but well-meaning sidekick with his ill-placed attempts at humorous comments, the initially-hostile but soon softened gorgeous lady who triggers the inevitable "unlikely" love story, the loved ones taken hostage, and of course the careless evil adversary with his brutal minions. everybody has seen tons of these movies already, and "national treasure" is like any one of them, with only a slightly modified wrapping. every turn of the story was easily predicted (and i can assure you i am not the sharpest tool in the shed). i am quite tired of feeling tricked for money after exiting the theater from a hollywood movie, and if you have ever felt that way too, heed my warning; stay miles away from this movie.

i watched this movie last night on one of the pay-per-view channels, and while watching it i quickly wondered why i bothered. in all honesty i really did expect something more from this film. maybe something along the lines of 'conspiracy theory'. why? maybe because of the casting. i mean, nicolas cage and harvey keitel, after all. not to mention jon voight and christopher plummer. now i'm wondering, why did they bother? but instead of an absorbing action cum mystery drama i was caught up in a pastiche of breakneck silliness a là 'the goonies', which to my great surprise appears to have garnered some actual critical praise. perhaps it's because 'the goonies' was clearly targeted toward the pre-teen and teen audiences. whereas 'national treasure', judging from the previews, was seriously intended to appeal to an adult audience.suspension of disbelief is one thing. it's how one can enjoy sci-fi and horror. but i found myself actually resisting the heaping tablespoons of paranoid and conspiracy-laden tripe being shoved at the audience. oh, the screenwriter threw around all the jargon intended to evoke a sense of serious engaged wonderment. "wow! the masons. the knights templars. you know, this could really be true!" i think the writer really lost me when gates said the founding fathers hid the treasure to keep it out of the hands of the british! and just were did the knights templar come from? new jersey? oh, i forget. from france! which goes a long way to explain how it ended up in philadelphia during the revolution. it was brought there by agents of napoleon! anyway, you see what i'm getting at. the premise of the movie is interesting. and i really do think it could have succeeded as a serious mystery drama. but it just comes off as another kid flick in grown-up clothing. in the end i think it asks the audience not simply to suspend belief but to render itself willfully ignorant to an insulting degree.i've just finished watching several items by werner herzog and istvan szabo. it's a shock to switch from fine dining to hollywood big mac and fries.okay, okay. if you pant over chases, explosions, and 'gee-whiz' gimmickry you'll enjoy 'national treasure'. but it's the sort of movie, well, have you ever stood outside a cinema waiting to get in while the previous audience comes out? and all the young kids are talking excitedly among themselves and saying things like, "wow! did you see how that thing blew up? that was so cool!" 'national treasure' is that kind of movie.

people like me will tear this movie apart. it's just not realistic. the plot is sooooooo predictable. you can anticipate everything that happens convientantly of course, they find the treasure and become filthy rich, and trick the bad guy. we've seen it a million times before. the writers of this movie must think that the majority of the movie going public is stupid. they must be right because the majority of people actually liked this film. i mean solving riddles in a matter of seconds. the secret treasure room hidden under the manhattan subway? you'd think with all the work that's gone on in new york underground that room would have been discovered before. and all that was constructed during the civil war? please and the love story between ben and abigail?? how cute, and i thought the romance in clive cussler novels was weak. they just fall in love like that, in 2 seconds whatever i'd be more concerned with saving my own ass then getting some. the hell with the girl and the stupid piece of paper. 1/10 garbage

nick cage is gates, a treasure hunter (oh, excuse me... treasure "protector", whatever that means) who is descended from a long line of treasure hunters. one of his ancestors had been given a clue to the whereabouts of a huge treasure that our founding fathers, most if not all freemasons, had decided to hide because they just didn't want to finance their independence all that badly.the first clue turns out to be in a long-lost ship hidden in the arctic. gates and his crew, consisting of financier ian (sean bean), movie dork riley (justin bartha of the immortal "gigli") and a couple of faceless lackeys, enter the cargo hold of the ship. they immediately spill out tons of gunpowder all over the floor, not that this is significant in any way. at last they find the clue (a skeleton is hovering over it) and it turns out to be a pipe with writing... on it. sort of. don't ask me to explain.it's a riddle, and despite the fact that his expedition is clearly miffed at not finding the actual treasure, gates wanders around yammering to himself about the meaning of the riddle, in this frozen cargo hold, while the crew just stands around slack-jawed. i mean, come on. someone should have been a little vocal in their disappointment of coming all the way to the freaking arctic and not finding anything interesting, but they just stand there as gates enters his own world, solving the riddle.the next clue turns out to be on the declaration of independence. ian decides to steal it. gates is appalled. various characters deliver gratingly obvious exposition (get used to it). all this leads to ian's lackey pulling a gun on gates, and the gunpowder going off in a big explosion. (oh, that's why they spilled all the gunpowder! huh!!) ian and his henchmen make their escape, and gates and movie dork riley walk nine miles in subzero temperatures to an inuit village in order to stop them.to stop them, gates concludes after trying the fbi and super archivist abigail chase (diane kruger), gates and riley must steal it themselves. riley then tells gates in excruciating detail why they can not steal the declaration, because it's so protected with metal and laser eyes and high tech security blah blah. gates then tells riley that there's an opportunity to steal it from the preservation room. does riley know what the preservation room is, gates asks? "a place where they make jams and jellies?" i am not kidding; that's the actual line. bartha doesn't deliver it like a joke, either. so riley does all this research about the library of congress and the archives and water and sewage, fercryinoutloud, but doesn't know what the preservation room is. this pretty much indicates what level this script is on.to make the rest of this short, gates does in fact make off with the d of i, in a ridiculous break-in that could only happen in a movie. (i also hate the way they depict computer monitor technology in movies -- full of improbable and impractical graphics and fonts.) abigail chase ends up tagging along for convenience's sake, and as an obvious "love interest" angle. at one point, the three of them, on the run from the law, discuss all their plans really loudly in a clothing store, surrounded by people.a series of clues and the kidnapping of gates' father, played by a dyspeptic jon voight, leads good guys and bad guys alike to a huge indiana jones fun-house located underneath new york city. odd that the subway builders never found this thing. gates and gates senior lead ian off on a wild goose chase. ian believes they're trapped in a cul-de-sac and leaves them there. however, after they're gone, riley asks how they're going to get out. gates...... oh boy ...... presses a button and a door opens. no, i'm serious. a button, like they might have on a vacu-flush lavatory in an office building. good thing he knew where that was. anyway, after some more knob-twiddling, they find this immense treasure room (remember, this is all underneath manhattan!) full of all sorts of historyish golden things. riley gets to deliver a really stupid line. again. and fbi officer harvey keitel forgives them, arrests sean bean, and allows the two chemistry-less leads to get married.for any viewer, i think it would be hard to ignore all the exposition, the leaps of logic, and the stereotyped characters for very long. though some of its exposition involves nice history lessons inserted into conversation at random moments. i'd like more conversations like that in my life.

well it looked good on paper,nick cage and jerry buckheimer collaborate again, this time on a mix of heist movie, da vinci code,american history 101 and indiana jones. but oh dear, this is to indiana jones what speed 2 is to speed. a reasonable cast(including john voight and harvey keitel) battles against a puerile script and loses badly. the film is little more than an extended advert for the freemasons.however these freemasons are not your usual shopkeepers who use funny handshakes and play golf, these freemasons are the natural descendants of the knights templar (and nobody mention 'from hell' or jack the ripper.)i don't think i've revealed any plot spoilers because there are none. there is virtually no suspense, no surprises and no climax- it just stops. national treasure aims for dan brown but hits the same intellectual level as an episode of scooby doo sans the humour.

national treasure is about as over-rated and over-hyped as they come. nicholas cage is in no way a believable action hero, and this film is no "indiana jones". people who have compared this movie to the indian jones classic trilogy have seriously fallen off their rocker.i can't really figure out what kind of target audience this film was shooting for. maybe the pre-teen audience will like it, but i found it to be absolutely ludicrous. i also can't imagine adults or young adults to find this to be that great of a film. simply put: it's just ok at best.national treasure is unimagined and uninspired, borrowing what it does have from "the da vinci code". i would recommend waiting for that movie to be released in 2006, and passing on this nonsense.the whole idea of being able to so easily steal the declaration of independence and run around all over washington dc and philadelphia with it (while never damaging it once), while fighting the "bad guys" and experiencing what is supposed to be "non-stop action" is absurd. i particularly loved the scene with the declaration folded in its tube laying in the middle of a busy road while cars whiz by it without damaging it. oh brother! reminded me of that episode of the "brady bunch" where they go to the amusement park and mr. brady loses his architectural plans. except, that episode of the brady bunch was much better than this whole film! the idea of such huge treasure that nobody believes exists being buried within a secret ruin of the us is outlandish. literally, there are thousand of undiscovered "priceless" items in this treasure trove. yeah right!! ridiculous!! even worse, the speed and accuracy of which cage finds and figures out what are supposed to be "tough" clues to these ancient riddles are pre-posterous!!! oh.. the humanity! the performances by cage, voight, and the other actors in "national treasure" are as stiff ,wooden, and flat as they come. however, when you're working with such lousy dialogue, it's hard to fault the actor's 100% for that.national treasure is an ok film to see once. i can't recommend it beyond that and would definitely not purchase this over the top, outlandish scavenger hunt of a mess.rent it if you must see it first.......

after sitting through this pile of dung, my husband and i wondered whether it was actually the product of an experiment to see whether a computer program could produce a movie. it was that listless and formulaic. but the u.s. propaganda thrown in your face throughout the film proves--disappointingly--that it's the work of humans. call me a conspiracy theorist, but quotes like, "we have to steal the declaration of independence to protect it" seem like ways to justify actions like the invasion of iraq, etc. the fact that nicholas cage spews lines like, "i would never use the declaration of independence as a bargaining chip" with a straight face made me and my husband wonder whether the entire cast took valium before shooting each scene. the "reasoning" behind each plot turn and new "clue" is truly ridiculous and impossible to follow. and there's also a bonus side plot of misogyny, with dr. whatever-her-name-was being chided by all involved for "never shutting up." she's clearly in the movie only for looks, but they felt the need to slap a "dr." title on her character to give her some gravity. at one point, cage's character says, "don't you ever shut up?" and the camera pans to her looking poutily down at her hands, like she's a child. truly grotesque. the only benefit to this movie was that it's so astonishingly bad, you do get a few laughs out of it. the really scary thing is that a majority of the people watching the movie with us seemed to enjoy it. creepy....

there's nothing worse than renting an asian movie and getting an american movie experience instead.it's only my opinion, but a good thriller is dependent upon the establishment of likable, intelligent characters. as far as likability is concerned, the protagonists in say yes are a quaint married couple. nicely done. unfortunately, they are stupid beyond belief. let us count the ways they mishandle being terrorized by a stalker.1. after a hitchhiker threatens to kill you, be sure to tell him what hotel you're staying at when you drop him off.2. beat the hell out of the stalker in broad daylight and in front of dozens of witnesses, thereby allowing him to press charges of assault.3. don't bother telling the police about the stalker and simply assume (for no apparently good reason) that the cops were bribed by him.4. while trying to escape, let your lady out of your sight as much as possible to ensure that the stalker kidnaps her.5. after getting help from someone to find the stalker after kidnapping your wife, be sure to send them away as soon as possible so you can face him one-on-one. no point in being unfair, right? now, i'd never expect that any person would be immune to making a few mistakes under these stressful conditions, but the characters in say yes are so dense and make so many unbelievable mistakes that it's effectively impossible for the viewer to care about their safety, since they are victims of their own doing. this kills the enjoyability of the entire film. in case you were wondering, the scriptwriters didn't stop with dim-witted characters. since they themselves are surely dim-witted for writing this crapfest, they decided to make situations so absurdly unrealistic that all sense of reality goes out the window.1. the stalker kills a cop inside a police station  while the protagonist is asleep no more than ten feet away.2. the stalker engages in all sorts of dubious activities in broad daylight and around tons of people, yet no one other than the married couple seems to notice his odd behavior.3. the stalker survives an absurd amount of violence that would have killed any human being.4. the "suspense" scenes had no imagination whatsoever. in fact, some scenes were direct rip-offs from american movies.the only positive is the decapitation near the end, which was a pretty brutal scene since it was inflicted upon the wife. it's too bad the filmmakers followed it up with an outrageously stupid ending that comes out of left field.truly, the koreans behind the making of say yes should be ashamed of themselves. better yet, they should just move to california and take employment with people who make movies with a similar disregard for quality and intelligence.

what a terrible film.it starts well, with the title sequence, but that's about as good as it gets.the movie is something about rats turning into monsters and going on a killing spree. the acting isn't so much poor, but the script is pointless and the film isn't even scary despite the atmospheric music.it really is amazing that some group cobbled together this bag of rubbish and thought it would make a good film.it isn't a good film. it's trash, and i urge you not to waste a minute of your life on it! one out of ten.

altered species starts one friday night in los angeles where dr. irwin (guy vieg) & his laboratory assistant walter (allen lee haff) are burning the midnight oil as they continue to try & perfect a revolutionary new drug called 'rejenacyn'. as walter tips the latest failed attempt down the sink the pipes leak the florescent green liquid into the basement where escaped lab rats begin to drink it... five of walter's friends, alicia (leah rown in a very fetching outfit including some cool boots that she gets to stomp on a rat with), gary (richard peterson), burke (derek hofman), frank (david bradley) & chelsea (alexandra townsend) decide that he has been working too hard & needs to get out so they plan to pick him up & party the night away. back at the lab & the cleaner douglas (robert broughton) has been attacked & killed by the now homicidal rats in the basement as walter injects the latest batch of serum in a lab rat which breaks out of it's cage as it grows at an amazing rate. walter's friends turn up but he can't leave while the rat is still missing so everyone helps him look for it. all six become potential rat food...also known as rodentz altered species was co-edited & directed by miles feldman & has very little to recommend it. the script by producer serge rodnunsky is poor & coupled together with the general shoddiness of the production as a whole altered species really is lame. for a start the character's are dumb, annoying & clichéd. then there's the unoriginal plot with the mad scientist, the monster he has created, the isolated location, the stranded human cast & the obligatory final showdown between hero & monster. it's all here somewhere. altered species moves along at a fair pace which is just about the best thing i can say about it & thankfully doesn't last that long. it's basically your average run-of-the-mill killer mutant rat film & not a particularly good one at that either.director feldman films like a tv film & the whole thing is throughly bland & forgettable while some of the special effects & attack scenes leave a lot to be desired. for a start the cgi rats are awful, the attack sequences feature hand-held jerky camera movement & really quick edits to try & hide the fact that all the rats are just passively sitting there. at various points in altered species the rat cages need to shake because of the rats movement but you can clearly see all the rats just sitting there as someone shakes the cages off screen. the giant rat monster at the end looks pretty poor as it's just a guy in a dodgy suit. there are no scares, no tension or atmosphere & since when did basements contain bright neon lighting? there are one or two nice bits of gore here, someone has a nice big messy hole where their face used to be, there's a severed arm & decapitation, lots of rat bites, someone having their eyeball yanked out & a dead mutilated cat.technically altered species is sub standard throughout. it takes place within the confines of one building, has cheap looking cgi effects & low production values. the acting isn't up to much but it isn't too bad & a special mention to leah rowan as alicia as she's a bit of a babe & makes altered species just that little bit nicer & easier to watch...altered species isn't a particularly good film, in fact it's a pretty bad one but i suppose you could do worse. not great but it might be worth a watch if your not too demanding & have nothing else to do.

this film is easily one of the worst ones i have ever seen. and i don't mean that in a good way. we wanted to see a crappy horror/thriller, so we picked the one that seemed to be the lousiest in the store. for once, the film was everything we'd expected. and more! (or should i say less?)the actors look like they are reading their lines from posters behind the camera. the so-called special effects are created by putting red see-through plastic in front of the camera to give the impression that we are seeing through the eyes of the killer rats. and the script? don't even get me started on the script... and just when you thought it couldn't get any worse, it turns out that the first part of the film was oscar-material compared to the ending.take it from me, this film is hilarious if you're into crappy horror-films, but if you want a good film, keep on looking. this is not for you.

well after watching this i can say that it ain't the worst movie ever made,, yes folks there is worse than this,, there are some good points to the movie,, you get to watch drunken teenagers, have horrible deaths,, and cute looking rats eating some science experiment, and getting grotesquely huge,, the drunk janitor,, the cranky doctor,, and yes a girl in thong underwear that has absolutely no shame,, dumb jocks,, i could'nt personally wait for the rat to eat these drunken fools,, i was rooting for the rat the e ntire time,, it had a good premise,, the first part of the movie,, was interesting though with the scientific explantation about the rats,, and the little back story,, but i think that it ruined when the dumb drunken horny teenagers come into play,, the rat in my opinion, the one that get's lost,, her name is brenda, was so fake,, must have been a cgi rat,, looked like a guy dressed up in a beaver suit,, this was pretty schlocky, lame,, but not totally horribble,,

yet another example of the complete waste of uk lottery money. just how commercial did this film prove. the film council ,who funded this miserable garbage should be stranded, on one of the london undergrounds disused stations, for allowing this clichéd, dismal specimen to be committed to film, a half mutant thing made up of all the horror movies the director has seen and felt fit to imitate, most notably deathline. amongst its many sins is the quite obvious failure to make the lead character remotely sympathetic until the last minute. it's a little bit too late then! surely all those development executives, at the uk film council, could have noticed this at the script stage. add to this the terrible acting and the laughable appearance of the creature and you get a prime example of how not to scare.

absolutely laughable film. i live in london and the plot is so ill-researched it's ridiculous. no one could be terrorised on the london underground. in the short time it is not in service each night there are teams of maintenance workers down there checking the tracks and performing repairs, etc. that there are homeless people living down there is equally unlikely. or that it's even possible to get locked in and not have access to a mobile phone in this day and age...the worst that's likely to happen if someone did find themselves there after the last train is that they might get graffiti sprayed on them. although this has been coming under control due to the massive number of security cameras on the network, another thorn in the side of the story. (remember in london as a whole we have more security cameras than any other city in the world.)if it had been set in a city i am not familiar with perhaps i could have enjoyed it through ignorance, but it's not a high quality film so i just couldn't bring myself to suspend my disbelief and try and enjoy it for the banal little tale that it is.i would have given it 0/10 if such a rating existed! possibly the most disappointing film i ever thought i would like.

i was so disgusted by this film, i felt obligated to warn off others. this film has no story, plot or hint of purpose. the film starts after the standard "lets be scary" movie intro, which by now every film watcher has become accustomed. so we can ignore the beginning completely. we are soon introduced to the main actress and from this point it becomes clear to all that you have just wasted your hard earned and would be better off watching static. (unless you have seen white noise - eek) acting is a disgrace and all of them should return to the travelling pantomime from where they came. having said that, even the best actors in the world would struggle to make this film remotely watch able. their poor performances merely contribute to the disaster. senseless violence and what i can only assume is the written word of yet another junked up "eccentric" writer, who probably considers himself to be an artist, has resulted in a film which will test your patience. it was not until my fellow watcher turned to me and said, "we have been watching this for 45 mins" did i realise that this film is as thin and tasteless as a cup of tea without a tea bag. clearly something was missing and unfortunately it wasn't the audience. rather than suggest what the film is missing, let me tell you what it has: dumb blonde (surprise surprise), victims, bad-monster-guy-thing, about 2 mins of storyline which is stretched over hours, days, weeks, months... and credits.want a silver lining? well, the blonde girl is a bit saucy looking in some of the scenes, but expect to want to see her face ripped off for the rest of the film!

i'll keep this short as a movie like this doesn't deserve a full review.given the setting, this movie could have been something really special. it could have been another "28 days later" or even a "blair witch project"the first 20 or so minutes of the movie i was really excited, directer did a decent job with cinematography and suspense, although i don't think he managed to capture true eeriness of an empty london underground.characters were a big let down. our "heroine" in this movie is a worthless piece of crap, and you really don't care if she dies or not. as many people have said before, i was rooting for the homeless people and the black guy, who managed to give me a chuckle or two(whether intentional of the writers or not).the main villain, is kept in the dark for the first half of the movie, but when he is revealed i was really disappointed. i won't spoil it but lets just say my 10 year old sister could probably beat him in a wrestling match.all in all this is just another mediocre horror film which falls into the trap of following a simple hollywood formula. this film had a lot of potential but really failed to hit the mark.just to highlight how lame this movie was, the characters in this movie had at least five times to finish off and kill the main villain. instead they run away.

the potential was there. i saw creep and thought, 'oooh, this is getting interesting' several times. yet somehow the interesting plot lines wound up unexplained or ignored, like they never happened. the lead character was irritating throughout the movie, and at one point my fella and i both shouted that we wanted her to die. there are some genuinely spooky/scary moments, but these are grossly overshadowed by the moments that just annoyed the hell out of me. it's another one of those horror movies that crops up and intrigues you for a while, but ultimately leaves you frustrated and a little confused about what the movie makers were trying to achieve.the one saving grace of this movie is the bad guy, but when the baddie is more likable than the lead character you know you're on to a loser.

frank tashlin's 'the home front' is one of the more lifeless private snafu shorts, a series of cartoons made as instructional films for the military. rather than have snafu take some inadvisable actions leading to disaster, 'the home front' instead focuses on his loved ones back home and how much they have to offer to the war effort too. snafu realises he was wrong when he thought they had it easy. it's a concept with few possibilities for good gags and instead tashlin plays the risqué card more heavily, extended jokes involving strippers and scantily clad dancing girls in place of much effective comic relief. the result is a well-meaning short which has little relevance or entertainment value today other than as an historical artefact.

this movie is the second worst film that i have ever seen (the first being ghost rider). there is absolutely no plot, climax, conflict, or any other major detail required in portraying a story. this 'film' is basically just another excuse for toby keith to show off his manly side and, the 'tough guy he really is'. i completely wasted my time watching this film. the best part would have to be the ending credits. if i were ebert or roper, i would have cut my thumbs off and thrown them at the producers. whoever in their right mind gave toby keith the chance to act in a feature film, is obviously on the same mental level as him. in conclusion, do not waste your time watching this movie, it could quite possibly be the only thing you regret.

i attended one of the premieres last night and have the following observations: 1. just because you've directed a ton of music videos does not make you qualified to make movies. the movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense, horrible angles, and terrible lighting. the editing didn't help this mess at all. when "dixie" shows up late for the memorial service her mother remarks about her hand but it's never clear what the heck she's talking about.2. the plot had promise, but the script was thin and full of ford truck sized holes. we never get to understand what drives the characters, what's really behind the conflicts they all have with each other or exactly how they resolve them. sixteen years of distance is wiped out in 4 days seemingly by magic. the deep conversations were marred by stupid clichés. (in fact, the whole town was one big cliché of southern life.) half the audience groaned when toby drawled "ya got my blood runnin through your veins gurl"...and we were treated to that insipid line not once, but twice! the revelations were yawn inducing, and the dramatic confessions boiled down to "i was stupid and stubborn".3. the acting was okay considering the wreck of a script they had to work with. toby was dark and brooding most of the film, but when he smiled and lightened up he was charming. it's a shame he didn't have more screen time like that. kelly preston's acting chops are pretty rusty and it shows. lindsay haun is talented and it's certainly not her fault the writers made her character so unlikeable in the beginning that you don't blame her father for not coming to look for her. burt reynolds and tess harper were able to make more of this movie but still looked more or less lost. (and indeed, their characters get lost in this film!) 4. if you're a toby fan you'll love the songs. but often the movie felt like a scene was forced in just so they could feature one of his songs--or the artists on his record label. for instance, the movie's official love song is "crash here tonight". you'd think that would play around a tender love scene, but nope...we hear about 45 seconds of it as he's heading to a memorial service. it was as if they said "well, we gotta use this song somewhere". the song "broken" is haunting and the best thing to come out of this movie.in summary...a promising plot never fully develops and the movie is horribly uneven as it forceably tries to be a vehicle for toby keith's music and product placement for ford trucks. it goes from being about people rebuilding broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music but the story is told so poorly that both points get lost in this overgrown music video. i like toby and really wanted to like "broken bridges" but the people he counted on to make this movie let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know where.

if you're a fan of mystery science theater 3k, attack of the giant leeches, or pinata survival island, this movie might be for you.i live in nashville and i didn't even know of this movie's existence until the day prior to its release, when the advertising company panicked and blanketed music row with dozens of fliers and billboards. it barely lasted two weeks in theaters anyway.bad acting, bad writing, and poor production only begin to describe this embarrassment of a film. for starters, the names are a bit much: bo price, angel, and dixie? eesh.toby's awkwardly slow delivery of lines makes one wonder what production assistant got stuck holding the cue cards off camera. angel's character rapidly transitions from her city-slicker ways to a cowgirl, slipping into southern slang after two days on the ranch. her wardrobe goes from chic to a female version of toby's--in fact, in the final scene, their outfits are identical, making one wonder if the wardrobe assistant called in sick.the audio is inconsistent - perhaps the most noticeable example is when toby decides to go for a swim and his voice suddenly sounds like he's shouting in a gymnasium.there's never quite enough explanation or character development to suffice what happens on-screen. overacting, exasperation, grimaces, and moodiness best describes the actors' interpretation and direction of the terrible script.this movie is best enjoyed after consuming a couple of alcoholic beverages and in the company of your wittiest friends. but that's not saying much.

this movie makes peter an elf in robin hood costume instead of a human boy in probably-not-robin-hood-costume and ignores all the persona features in him that really matter. this movie makes wendy a babbling idiot. and poor captain hook a total clown. and of course as every disney cartoon must have a character which has had too many hits in the head, they made one of the lost boys that one. the only character that has not been disgraced in this film is tink. the only star is for her.the story itself then? the darling parents don't even get the time to notice their kids are gone!!! probably one of the most significant point in the original story and they ruined it! also the famous nursery scene between peter pan and wendy is a stunning piece of- there are no thimbles and no acorns - one of the little things that makes the original story such a unique one. it's a wonder he even had lost his shadow and she helped him stick it. (even though to his shoes and it makes no sense to me.)ruining a great story like this just to amuse children should be illegal. so know now if you haven't known it before - this disney version does not have anything significant in common with the original story - which is not really a children's story but just a great, great story.this just annoys me to no end.

in 2005,george w. bush started with his second period as a president of the united states; north korea announced its possession of nuclear weapons; pope john paul ii died after a long illness; and a movie called into the blue appeared.the existence of this movie is not as bad as the other things that happened on that year,but the film itself was pathetic and maybe,the worst one from that year.now,in 2009,the united states have another president,there is another pope,new korean nuclear weapons...and the film into the blue 2 : the reef,which is better than the original one...but that's the same as saying : "getting your fingers cut is better than getting your head cut".this sequel is a really bad film which kept me tremendously bored and uninterested.the cast of into the blue 2 : the reef is composed by tv-series actors who completely lack of any credibility and dramatic weight,but who are perfect for showing their bodies.chris carmack (the o.c.),david anders (heroes and alias),laura vandervoort (smallville),marsha tomason (lost) and audrina patridge (the hills) bring hollow and boring performances.i have liked some previous movies from director stephen herek (critters and bill and ted's excellent adventure specially) but on this movie,he cannot generate even the minimum level of tension,emotion or entertainment.the characters from this movie are not only badly performed,but they are also repulsive.honestly,i wanted all of them to die.the cinematography from this movie is also lame and it seems to have been made by a technical team who makes promotional videos for hawaiian hotels.into the blue 2 : the reef is a horrible movie which is better than the original film,but that's the same as nothing,as i previously said.avoid this crappy film at all costs.

brainless film about a good looking but brainless couple who decide to live their dream and take people on diving tours. the pair almost instantly make the wrong choice of customers and get mixed up with some people seeking to recover the items that we see falling to the ocean floor during the opening credits sequence. great looking direct to video movie could have been so much better if it wasn't so interested in primarily looking good. performances are serviceable and the plot is actually not bad, or would have been had the director and producers not redirected the plot into making sure we see lots of shapely people in bathing suits (or in what i'm guessing the reason for the "unrated" moniker a few fleeting bare breasts). the film never generates any tension nor rises above the level of a forgettable tv movie. if you get roped in to seeing this you won't pluck your eyes out since the eye candy is pleasant but we really need to stop producers from making films that are excuses to have a paid vacation.

my first review of 2010 is "into the blue 2: the reef". the story is about two divers played by chris carmack and laura vandervoort who love to explore hidden treasures at a bottom of a local reef. one day after a day of exploring they are approached by a couple played by david anders and marsha thomason. they tell the young divers that they want to hire them to explore the reef and find a rare artifact about columbus' hidden treasure that is reported at the bottom of the reef.next day the four dive to the bottom of the reef and of coarse after a whole day of diving they find nothing. a few more days past and the two hired divers found out that they a part of a major deadly plot in which they can't escape otherwise they will be killed. they were hired to find two big containers. one contains a nuclear reactor and the other contains a core.the movie also has a back story about another person (brother of the lead character) trying to patch things up with his girlfriend, i reckon this part of the story was a waste of time, this also includes a very steamy sex scene between the couple which to me is a complete waste and wasn't needed to be shown.however apart from that, this movie does have some good underwater photography and the colors blend in well which is why it receives 4 stars. into the blue 2 is a sequel only by name. none of the original actors or characters return, it has a dumb plot, stupid characters and a boring climax.

miscasting happens. susannah yorke is a luminous young jane eyre, and her performance is impeccable. however, edward rochester is supposed to be 35. white-haired george c. scott looks and behaves like an arthritic 80. jane's deceased uncle is in better shape! he creaks and snarls, obnoxious and grim. he looks like an ax-murderer who has sent his ax out to be sharpened; we're not surprised he keeps a wife caged in the attic! the great love story looks like a sado-masochistic nightmare. there is enough darkness in the novel, but bronte's rochester is relatively young, athletic, powerful, and charming when he chooses to be. he has a fine speaking and singing voice, a good mind, and a conscience that he unsuccessfully attempts to stifle.

this was in short a terrible disappointment. by far the worst adaptation of one of my favourite novels. the dialogue was horribly clumsy; i could sense no feeling behind the words expressed by the characters. the lines were delivered too hastily and felt rather out of place. they could just as well have been cited by statues. the chemistry between george c. scott and susannah york was non-existent and watching an american rochester felt strange. he could have at least tried to do a british accent. i like george c. scott as an actor, but this simply did not work. i felt like i was watching highlights from jane eyre, where the main pieces of the story had been randomly put together with no regard to the flow of the story. the scenery and music were all very nice, but i could feel none of the passion and love that is supposed to be between jane and rochester and the movie left me totally unmoved.if you want to see a good version of jane eyre i suggest you watch the 1983 bbc version with timothy dalton and zelah clarke or the 1997 version with ciarán hinds and samantha morton. now these two are brilliant adaptations.

this is by far the worst adaptation of jane eyre i have seen. it is uncertain whether or not the writer of the screenplay ever read the book by bronte. george c scott is ridiculous and bumbling as rochester -- when not just plain old acting angry. susannah york has the most dated 1970's hairstyle i have ever seen in a victorian movie. the characters hardly speak to each other, so the rich banter enjoyed in the book that is the basis for their deep intellectual and abiding love, is gone. the ending is ludicrous.please, rent the timothy dalton version instead. it is so true to the book, it's like having the novel read aloud to you. dalton is superb as rochester. g. c. scott is laughable.

i'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie, but few minutes after it started, i wanted to leave the theater. for a while i hoped at least the story will surprise me, but then realized it's a waste of time, there was just nothing there. i stayed only because i had another show after it.design: some designs where quite beautiful, mostly of the environment, but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design. they look great while still - on posters and screenshots, but not when they have to come to life! they just didn't work, mostly because the very same mistake most 3d companies make: technically it is very hard to create really natural materials in 3d, that would make you feel that the character is alive. you need a lot of effort and knowledge (hence money) to create something that really feels like hair, skin, fabric, etc. those characters in the movie were made out of "cloth", and that just didn't work! so they had this ugly cold feeling of the computer artificiality, where the cloth stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic. it just didn't have the feel of a material, that dolls are made of (that's what those characters meant to be). i think it was a big mistake choosing this style for the characters. it just had a feeling of a 3d shoot'n'run computer game. i don't want to go to cinema to have a computer game on my screen, don't know about you...animation was also a disgrace. i am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed at the low level of animation in "9". it was stiff, boring, almost lacked any imagination or mood. it was just a little bit above most average 3d animations i saw, and that doesn't add to it any good...and all that - the bad character design and bad animation could be solved with a good story, right?! that was not the case here. actually the story was the worst thing in that movie. it was below any level. it starts straight forward, it goes straight forward and it ends the same. there is no twist, no surprise, no good dialogs, even no development. we've heard and saw stories of machines overtaking the humankind thousands of times and "9" is just one of them, and we know how it ends at the very first minute of that movie. the characters don't even have time to get into the story - they are just there, showing themselves almost immediately, and immediately some of them take action without even getting to know what's going on. it just didn't work. there are also many repetitive action sequences, that looked as if they were made to fill in the time for the lack of a story...acting, sound and script - oh my gosh, what can i tell, it was pathetic. bad story has a bad script, and except dialogs like "no, don't do it!" "i will do it!" "but... you cannot do it alone!" "we can do it together!" "but there are rules!" "but we have to save him!" etc etc and so on, and repeating itself all the time, so besides those terribly pathetic dialogs, there were those non stop "ahh" and "ohhh" and"ehh", and "oooh", and "whatchout", and "run!" and "ohohh!" that were following almost every jump, run, or fall of the characters and it even sounded as if they were out of sync or even unrehearsed.conclusion: bad acting, bad animation, bad sound, bad story, bad script, bad characters, everything expected, no surprises, no twist, nothing. only some good designs are not worth the time. big no!

it used to be my thinking that movies required plots, or some other means of making you care at all about the story line or anything that is going on. this movie has showed me that you don't actually have to have anything like that.i could sum it up simply as that. but, imdb wants me to have more lines. it was kind of pretty. not compelling in the slightest. the way the characters talk in the movie makes you think it should have taken place over a matter of days, but there is no passage of time and i'm pretty sure it all happens in an hour.if you are looking to entertain yourself, then buy a gallon of milk and see how fast you can drink it before throwing up. it would be a far better use of your time. time that you will never get back. jurassic park 3 was pulled off better than this movie.

this movie made it into one of my top 10 most awful movies. horrible. there wasn't a continuous minute where there wasn't a fight with one monster or another. there was no chance for any character development, they were too busy running from one sword fight to another. i had no emotional attachment (except to the big bad machine that wanted to destroy them) scenes were blatantly stolen from other movies, lotr, star wars and matrix. examples>the ghost scene at the end was stolen from the final scene of the old star wars with yoda, obee one and vader. >the spider machine in the beginning was exactly like frodo being attacked by the spider in return of the kings. (elijah wood is the victim in both films) and wait......it hypnotizes (stings) its victim and wraps them up.....uh hello????>and the whole machine vs. humans theme was the matrix..or terminator.....there are more examples but why waste the time? and will someone tell me what was with the nazi's?!?! nazi's???? there was a juvenile story line rushed to a juvenile conclusion. the movie could not decide if it was a children's movie or an adult movie and wasn't much of either. just awful. a real disappointment to say the least. save your money.

what?!?? why are people saying this is "mind blowing?" just face it the ending is on of the worst endings in the history of cinematography! 4 left and the whole world has ended! not to mention the character 9 was a idiot the whole time he got everyone killed. 1 was right the whole time, if he sacrificed 9 then non of this would have happened. people giving there lives for a stupid cause and for what?... to make it rain? i admit the movie had it's parts, and the whole concept was fascinating. but a lot of it was clichés one after another. and did anybody else get this feeling that this is a lot like "lord of the rings?" characters died for stupid reasons, there was almost no character development, and honestly ask yourself is it good to have only four guys left in the world; its pointless and stupid. it was one of the shortest movies i've ever seen, and thank god! how is robots turning against humans creative in any way! it's been done like a hundred times! this movie is really stupid, go see a movie that's worth watching like star trek, the hangover, or inglorious basterds, those were good movies!

this really was a waste of time...the movie has a weak plot, the story is fragmented and ends very abruptly with many loopholes....though the animation is top notch. once the movie started, i tried to give it the benefit of the doubt by telling myself that it might get interesting in the later stage, but it was never unique. this same plot has been played over and over again, but what made it worse was that the major plot hole was the whole story on how to kill the baddies...the writer could have done so much more with the entire concept, but seemed that he or she did not have their heart in it and wanted to close the movie as soon as it started.overall, too much hype but not able to deliver.

9, the film i've been looking forward to for months.... was little more then a disappointment.i was deeply surprised by 9's lack of story and strange character development. all the awesome action sequences in the world don't make up for a single unsympathetic character. the strange, almost thrown in occult sequences were not only out of place, they were infuriating. the story is about robots and scientists... why does it suddenly turn into a necronomicon horror wannabe with mystical symbols and green magic ghost lines instead of giving answers to what could have been excellently scary story devices??how, what, when, why.... questions that bode asking only if you care and it becomes less and less likely that you will as you get away from the theater. a film like this is frustrating because of its lack of depth.... i would watch this film drawn in crayon if the story was good. but the filmmakers have relied on cgi wizardry and tim burtons name to draw in the crowd. which... is what drew me in but failed to gain my respect.9 could have been awesome... with a few more rewrites and a little more respect from its own creators.

i seriously can't believe tim burton and timur bekmambetov, two people i love, signed on to produce this crap. tim burton is a brilliant director, but to be honest i've been losing interest in him for a while since his last few movies were either remakes or adaptations. he did produce the brilliant "nightmare before christmas", which is one i've watched multiple times, and directed movies like "beetlejuice" and "sleepy hollow", which are awesome films. bekmambetov directed 3 films that i love: night watch, day watch, and wanted. i've only seen those three of his, but they prove he's an awesome director.those two people producing one of the many reasons i was excited to see 9. so today i went to go see it at the theatre. i was so excited to finally have seen it. i had waited 7 months for the movie to come out.this movie is the first time i've walked out of a tim burton-related movie and said "i enjoyed almost none of that". i felt heartbroken to even have felt that way. i mean, with him and bekmambetov at the production helm you'd have expected this movie to be a good watch. right now i still can't get over how let down i was by this movie. i hadn't even heard of the original short film before seeing it but now, i can successfully say that this movie should have remained a short movie. hell, neil blomkamp made an awesome full length remake of alive in joburg entitled district 9, what was so hard to get right about 9??? i really wanted to think this movie was awesome. i really did. but no, it failed on so many levels.the plot was extremely confusing and disjointed. i had no idea what was going on, let alone what it was about. basically it's about a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth. well, ok, that's what i got from it. but the writing here is extremely poor. the whole film jumps around like a 6 year old with a.d.d. telling a story. there's this big, giant clanky monster robot that 9 awakens, causing destruction and stuff. that's the main villain. however, what else is wrong with this movie is that everything comes out of nowhere. there were too many monster robots, most of which have no logical explanation behind them. they have 0 development whatsoever. i mean, that flying pterodactyl like monster just rips out of nowhere, we have no idea where it comes out of and acker just expects us to know what it is. what was even more retarded was that snake-like creature with the strobing eyes that hypnotize. i dare you to give that description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh. all of the 3 people i told about it burst out laughing. oh and it wraps victims up and sews them inside it. i'm. not. kidding.the twist in act iii is the most retarded aspect of the whole movie. so basically 9 goes back to the room he woke up in, finds this box with a hologram from the scientist in it for 9, and he tells him that the big scary machine robot was designed to bring robot life to earth, but then evil humans use it for war, and it was supposed to help protect the earth, but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it could help protect the world with it. and he only mentions giving his life to 9. but what about the other robots? who gave their lives to them???????? this is the perfect example of poor, rushed writing. there's only one of the life taking device thingy that exists so how did the other 8 get life given to them??????? the characters are not likable at all either. they risk their lives for no reason at all. the only good character is 7. 6 annoyed me with his "go back to the source!!!!!!" ramblings, 1 is an overpowering idiot, 2 we don't know anything about, 5 kept annoying me with his "are you sure..." or "can i stay here instead...?" questions. and that ending? ugh. i'm glad i'm not the only one who thinks that the ending was a huge wtf moment.there's nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation. everything looks realistic and beautiful, i love the gloomy and depressing look of everything. however, beauty can't save a good movie.while it's true that this movie is very pretty looking, pretty is as pretty does, and 9 does squat. i'm sure burton fans will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie without a doubt, in fact with his and bekmambetov's names being thrown around the promos, people will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie. i know i may be making a big deal out of nothing, but watching this movie made me realize how much i hate movies with unlikeable characters, nonexistent plot and just pure style over content. and this movie is one of those movies.

my thoughts on the movie, 9it was not good, not good at all. visually, it was great. i was pleased with the pacing, the camera angles, etc. however, the characters? eh, kinda bland. plot? it sucked.this movie seemed more new age crap than anything else. organized religion is presented as cowardly and fearful. science isn't portrayed any better. it creates a monster weapon that kills everything... but "souls" have the power to destroy monsters and bring life? really?that's something that bites my ass a bit too. here we have a cgi movie... created with science... and they're using it to give us the message that science will destroy the world while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us? at least they had the decency to have one of the characters ask,"okay, so now what?" (or something similar). i couldn't hear it too well because of the crowd immediately getting up and making a break for the exit. it was a "okay... it was just barely entertaining enough to sit here for the entire movie but now let's get out of here as fast as possible!" type of exit.this is one of those movies where you can't think if you want to enjoy it. just look at the visuals and nod your head prettily. any thought as to, "what's the point of that?" will suck you out of disbelief and make you eye the exit sign with longing.okay... spoilers follow.so, basically, a scientist creates "the machine" that is capable of creating other, intelligent, robotic life. evil humans use it as a weapon. however, the scientist realizes that he is also at fault. he gave the machine his intellect, but didn't give it his heart. the machine goes skynet on humanity's collective ass and wipes out all life on earth, finally slowly powering down. however, the scientist manages to survive and create walking sock-puppets. each one, containing a piece of the scientist's soul.the last one, #9 wakes up not knowing anything about the world. he sees a strange device nearby and picks it up. he meets up with another like himself, #2. well, #2 gets captured by a last surviving robot of the machine. #9 finds more like himself ands sets off to rescue #2. they succeed.#9 notices that there is a matching hole that fits the device perfectly. he inserts it and the machine comes back to life... pulling out #2's soul in the process.the movie then continues with action scenes with #9 trying to rescue his soul-yanked compatriots. they eventually succeed and destroy the machine. they release the souls of their fallen friends, who go up into the clouds. it then rains and we see life returning back to the planet.hunh?!?that makes no sense. none at all. why the heck did the scientist want to split his soul into 9 homunculi? what did it accomplish? were they created to stop the machine? everything is dead! the machine was dead! why bother?!?why did he expect nine little critters to succeed when nothing else had? why not create a second intellectual machine, but with a "soul" to fight the first.. at least that would have seemed like it would have had a reasonable chance at success.why did they have to have their souls sucked into the device by the machine and then destroy the machine and then release the souls in order to bring life back to earth? why not just wait for the machine to power down and bring life back without all the rest of the insane steps?

when the magic of lassie opened at radio city music hall, i was foolish enough to believe it would be as heart-warming as some of the first lassie films were. not.the story was abysmal, the songs by the sherman brothers were way below their usual level, the characters were uninspired and james stewart and mickey rooney had both seen much better days.then too, i was interested in seeing what alice faye's contribution would be like, since she'd been absent from the screen for so many years and was always so fetching in her earlier roles at fox. alice too, was letdown by the foolish script and the unflattering photography. another disappointment.nothing original here, nothing even remotely interesting for an adult to enjoy--and clearly, no magic present for anyone. you can skip this one without missing a thing.

this movie was a real disappointment to me. i have been a fan of gram parsons for a long time, and when i found out they were making a film about him i was very exited, i got the movie on vhs when it came out, and was sickened by what i saw, this film wasn't about his life, it was about the aftermath of his death. i thought it would be a descent film about grams life and music, but they had to make a film about his death. i am tired of hearing about his deaths in books and movies, i wanted a film about his life, not his infamous death. i was very disappointed. i wish people would look at his life, more then his death. the only thing good about this film was its soundtrack. this film is a disappointment to any gram parsons fan.

first of all, this movie isn't a complete disaster. if you had never heard of the real story of gram parsons then it might seem a reasonably entertaining diversion. johnny knoxville can't really be criticised for his performance as phil kaufman - he's pretty good at looking laid-back and down to earth and you can sort of root for his long-suffering everyman. michael shannon is due credit for pretty much the same reasons, except he's a hippy stoner. there are some good individual comedic scenes - the hippy-hearse crashing into the airport hanger door stands out. but that's where the good things end, and we begin to see the aspects that make this movie so truly disappointing. the character of robert forster as gram's actual father is an invention so disgraceful as to cast a taint over the entire film. we all know his real father committed suicide when he was young - something that could surely be compared to gram's life on the edge by a better film-maker. having forster as his supposed real father, and not his step-father would be bad enough, if not for the well known difficulties gram had with the man who actually flew to collect his body. it has been suggested that his step father had admitted to providing gram's mother with alcohol as she lay dying and that this enraged gram when he later found out about it. also the controversy over where gram's body was buried would surely be reason enough not to invent a benevolent made-up father who actually catches up to the duo and their hearse, but then allows them to go ahead with the burning. whatever the truth about the man who gram got the name parsons from, he certainly bore no resemblance to forster's character here, and it is hard to see why this role was written. then there's the addition of christina applegate as a greedy chick (yet very pretty of course) who wants gram's body back so that she can begin to cash in on his estate. her character, and her acting are non-existent and one wonders why the director didn't just go the whole hog and include a lesbo scene between her and the chick who plays kaufman's girlfriend(it wouldn't have lowered the tone a whole lot more). when you think of the ingredients that could have been used in a good movie about parsons, the shortcomings of this film are easily apparent. country music being changed by a young, polite, southern gentleman - who was also long haired, drug loving, popular with the ladies and ultimately self destructive. real events like the hanger door crash and the painted hearse and friends like keith richards. instead of these things we have to concentrate wholly on kaufman's input into gram's life. kaufman is obviously still lapping up the cult status he received for what he did (he certainly is a little cult). from interviews it is obvious that he's delighted with the attention. remember this is the man who made a remark about the genitalia of the naked corpse of gram parsons as he was preparing to set it alight. what he did was not an act of great loyalty, but a doped up alcoholic escapade. looking at knoxville and the director in interviews, a few things become clear also. it's obvious that they have no real grasp of the story of gram's life, nor do they wish to have. they want a hit movie about an event that is infamous and crazy. it was an amazing life with a strange end. that the end is the only thing covered by this movie shows how limited an understanding of gram parsons the makers had.

i'm not sure if users ought to be allowed to review films after only sitting through half, but i'm afraid i just couldn't stand another minute.if this abject excuse for a film doesn't have the late, great gp spinning like a wheel in his grave, then i doubt anything will.the excellent review above 'not a film for parsons fans' sums up most of my feelings. how dare a (second rate) director and writer attempt something to which they're so clearly incapable of delivering. what were they thinking? where to start?the script: i thought i'd be getting a slice of bittersweet americana. what i got was poorly executed slapstick with no cliché left unturned. stupid hippy? check. stupid fat cop? check. awful plot contrivances? check. embarrassingly written female characters? double check. total disregard for the story which you're trying to portray? check.after a while, you realize that what you're watching is a soap and not a very well written one at that. scene with knoxville. scene with ex girlfriend. scene with knoxville which hasn't moved on much. scene with ex girlfriend which was a bit like the last one. and so on...the direction: my friends and i decided, after some consideration, that watching this was like watching a bad episode of quincy, or maybe a particularly poor dukes of hazzard. that's how bad the direction was. terrible jump cuts, awful camera work, clunky ins and outs to scenes. god, it was cringeworthy. and then i discovered the director was an irishman who's most noteworthy recent work is a really lousy bbc sunday night drama called monarch of the glen (trust me, it's lowest common denominator tv). and then it all made sense...the acting: are we now so critical that when some random guy from the tv decides to give acting a go, if he's not so bad, he stinks, we applaud his efforts? knoxville just about manages to get through every scene. poor christina a. has no such luck. her performance is a car crash (though what you do with those lines, i don't know). the 'hippy' in the hearse: oh dear, oh dear, oh dear. have we not moved on since cheech and chong?i could go on, but i think you get my drift. what i would say is that, as other reviews have mentioned, no one on this film clearly gives a flying damn for the byrds, the flying burrito brothers or gram's solo work. they knew nothing about the american road movie and they certainly give a damn about trying to do anything with an admittedly decent story from rock mythology. this film was shallow, failed to explore anything and was jaw droppingly unfunny from beginning to...oh wait, i didn't quite make the end. and i suggest you stay away too.

if you're a fan of the late gram parsons then this movie is definitely going to divide you! part comedy, part road movie, but mostly a bad fictionalization of one of rock history's oddest tales.spoilers-- basically the story concerns a well-known roadie named phil kaufman (played by johnny knoxville) who "supposedly" made a pact with cult rock/country/folk music hero gram parsons that stated when one of them died first (it didn't matter which one it was) that the other living one was to take the deceased out to the desert, joshua tree national park in california to be exact, and set the body ablaze...so as to free the spirit and become one with the earth, and so on! sure to keep his word the barely sober kaufman, with the assistance of a self-hating, pot-headed buddy, jacks the body of the late parsons -whom had fatally overdosed from a drug and booze bender a day prior- from the airport. and shortly after that what ensues is a cringe-worthy combination of fiction and truth where the late parsons girlfriend, kaufman's girlfriend, parsons stone-faced father, and a gaggle of police officers and other pointless idiotic characters all try to beat the clock (so to speak) in trying to catch kaufman and his pal before they get the chance to torch parsons body! the film's incompetent direction, bad acting, and lame offbeat tone in general all sink this movie faster than the titanic. and not to mention the huge fact that this movie is not even halfway telling the truth of the actual events that took place. the accuracies that should have replaced the inaccuracies, as far as i've heard them, include: number 1., parsons was married at the time of his death and even had a child, so what the hell was that all about with the girlfriend's and the chasing and whatnot?, number 2., kaufman's drugged-out buddy was a known willing participant (unlike what the movie attempts to portray) in the disposing of parson's body, and finally number 3., gram parsons real-life father died when he was just a boy, and so it was parson's step-father (who could have honestly cared less about gram parsons when he was still alive) in real-life that took care of the body after it was torched! altogether though, what probably disturbs me the most about this movie is that the real phil kaufman was actually on set to help assist with the facts of the story. and yet still, the movie ended up becoming so untrue and so bad that it really boggles my mind, frankly! also as the mediocre aforementioned acting in the film is concerned it's lead character, played by the ultra-grating johnny knoxville (phil kaufman), is not only a bad actor but it actually seems as if he were asleep throughout most of the movie, and the rest of the pathetic cast are for the most part either hysterical, brain-dead, or seem utterly clueless as to what they're actually doing there in the first place! overall, if you like johnny knoxville and or really dig the so-bad-they're-not-even-good buddy flicks then i suppose you just might get a kick out of this movie! but, if you're like me and are a fan of the late gram parsons, enjoy films that attempt to tell the truth as much as they can especially if they're based on an actual real-life story, and or you just like good films, be-them road movies, or fictional slice-of-life stuff, you will truly loathe this film and advise others to do likewise. i obviously hated this movie and wished it had never been made in the first place, but since it was made i would have preferred it to have turned out differently than what it did, unfortunately! maybe some day the real facts of the story will come through and be made into a really great biopic on all of gram parsons life...not just what happened to his body after his spirit left it. but, until that time comes all we as an audience, and or fans of the late performer get is this sad waste of film and an all-around terrible memorial (of sorts) to the musical legacy that gram parsons was known to have left behind. it should also be noted that they did actually use parsons music, and a few others as well in the flick, but not surprisingly though, you never get to hear enough of it to really enjoy it even in the slightest bit. (turkey-zero stars)

from the q & a before and after, this is what i could gather: some irish guy wants to make a movie. nothing in particular, just any movie. so, one night at a party, he hears some ex-roadie tell him a classic bit of rock n' roll lore; the one about how gram parsons' corpse was stolen from lax by his loyal roadie so he could honor parsons' wishes that he be cremated out in joshuatree. wow!what a great idea for a movie! rock n' roll (well, country), grave robbing, escapes, friendship, the 70's! i guess we could get johnny knoxville from "jackass", cause it's kind of a prank, right, and knoxville wants to do "a movie" too. why he must have thought he had the next "snatch" on his hand!but this story's not really that exciting...we need something for knoxville to struggle against.like a psychotic girlfirend after his money! but parsons' was married at the time. that's o.k., no one knows that. besides we could get christina applegate. but what if the audience doesn't like the idea of stealing a corpse.well, we'll get his dad to join the chase, but give permission in the end. but parsons' dad killed himself when he was 10, in fact his orphan status, and tragic childhood, are key parts of the parsons mythology. mythology? we're making "a movie!" this is creative problem solving.it's an uncomfortable experience for anybody even vaguely knowledgeable on or interested in the subject. applegate's presence is doubling jarring. first her invented character is a beverly hills bitch before her time -she might as well have walked around the whole movie a cell phone in her hand, and secondly, what kind of man would parsons be if he ever associated himself with that kind of harpy? facts aren't just distorted or left out, but reversed. they could have easily found the villain they wanted in parsons stepfather, who was attempting to whisk the body back to his home state where law would favor him in dividing up the considerable inheritance.and the music, oh, the music i love. the music is hacked up (the bridge of a song here, the chorus there), forced to the background, and in the end, horribly covered by the hippest new indie band, starsailor. my girlfriend asked the unnecessary, but irresistable question after the movie --was anyone up there, the writer, the producers, the director, actually a gram parson's fan? well, no. he'd never actually heard of gram parsons, but of course, blah blah blah, i learned to love it, and here's some factoids i read in a bio online. another guy vouched for parsons' coolness by saying he and keith richards tripped on acid together and wrote "wild horses" together, a mixed up bunch of facts as off-base as the movie. another person asked, wasn't it morally questionable to rewrite history when most people would only know about it from this film? well, he had the real roadie's permission (he was even set) and the parsons estate gave permission, and all these other people who got paychecks said it was great.but what i really wondered was, and asked in the embarassingly trembling voice of a truly impassioned parsons geek, was, if the movie's so cheaply made (a million), had they not considered the original gram parsons fanbase as an audience? the director and writer seemed to think he was a nothing figure with no fanbase, though i doubt any mojo magazine reading, country-rock 70's music fan would agree. but a bunch of brits made it i guess, and they just didn't care about cosmic american music, or even knew it existed. this isn't just not a truthful parsons flick, it's not even in the right spirit -it doesn't even fit the legend. at the very least it should have had the sentimentality of one of his songs. and plenty of people would love to be told.i should mention the movie was received well from the bunch of stoned college kids, just off the slopes, and into johnny knoxville. but if you're a parsons fan ignore the title, it's just a movie for jackass fans.

i doubt this will ever even be a cult film. i loved gram parsons to be sure and i did not expect much out of this film and got even less. what could have been clever and moving was campy. it was devoid of the music that made gram and had more filler than cheap dog food. there was no background on gram or the colorful people of that era. the characters shown were not familiar to me even as a fan of gram's and all the versions of his "afterlife adventures" i have heard. rock and roll is full of tales, good ones too but they should taken with a grain of salt. they can be great stories even though exaggerated. however, this movie took a good story and turned into tripe. stealing any dead body and the ensuing implications should never be a dull tale but they made it dull, somehow. i am tempted to steal every copy of grand theft parsons, head out to the desert and burn them all.

i cringed all the way through this movie. first of all, the idiotic plot has little to do with parson's own story. hollywood has attempted to create a kind of comedy car chase movie. imagine "englebert sings hendrix".do not take anything about this movie to be accurate. the name parsons in the title and stealing of his body is just used as springboard for a low budget chase movie, a blatant attempt to grab a few bucks from the parsons legacy and his fan base. gram's father had long since been dead in 1973, the other global characters are fictional, none of this has anything to do with grams life or death.if you are a gram fan, i advise you to not see this movie. i wish i hadn't. it's saddening to see something special be treated as such disgracing fodder. i'd swear i could hear gram turning in his grave while the movie was playing. if you are not familiar with gram's life and legacy, do not take anything in this movie as being representative of gram.i cannot say enough bad things about this movie. if gram were alive and saw this movie, he would kill himself. then again, maybe he'd be afraid to if he knew this movie were to result.

good performances can't save this terrible script, larded with every cliche in the chick-flick book. both main characters are deeply unsympathetic, and the scene where laura linney's character reminisces about sex with her dead husband in front of her teenage son -- which i think is supposed to be poignant -- is just horrifying.

this movie is incomprehendably bad. it begins with several random explosions and then cuts to a sock puppet of a t-rex that talks (!) to the audience. it goes back and forth between sock puppetry and animation throughout, probably because the film makers couldn't afford live actors. i'll spare you the long, tiresome, relentless plot that drags this pitiful film on for a brutal 85 minutes.one of my friends found this very rare video at a hobby shop somewhere that sells out of print b-movies, and he bought it for the sole purpose of making fun of it, but, as it turns out, our intervention was not neecessary. this film makes fun of itself better than we could.i thought that ed wood's "plan 9 from outer space" was the cheesiest movie in existence, but leave it to japanamation/lego cars/sock puppets to outdo him. if you see this movie anywhere, buy it without hesitation. it is very rare and worth many, many good laughs.

first of all, let's get a few things straight here: a) i am an anime fan- always has been as a matter of fact (i used to watch speed racer all the time in preschool). b) i do like several b-movies because they're hilarious. c) i like the godzilla movies- a lot.moving on, when the movie first comes on, it seems like it's going to be your usual b-movie, down to the crappy fx, but all a sudden- boom! the anime comes on! this is when the movie goes wwwaaaaayyyyy downhill.the animation is very bad & cheap, even worse than what i remember from speed racer, for crissakes! in fact, it's so cheap, one of the few scenes from the movie i "vividly" remember is when a bunch of kids run out of a school... & it's the same kids over & over again! the fx are terrible, too; the dinosaurs look worse than godzilla. in addition, the transition to live action to animation is unorganized, the dialogue & voices(especially the english dub that i viewed) was horrid & i was begging my dad to take the tape out of the dvd/ vhs player; the only thing that kept me surviving was cracking out jokes & comments like the robots & joel/mike on mst3k (you pick the season). honestly, this is the only way to barely enjoy this movie & survive it at the same time.heck, i'm planning to show this to another fellow otaku pal of mine on halloween for a b-movie night. because it's stupid, pretty painful to watch & unintentionally hilarious at the same time, i'm giving this movie a 3/10, an improvement from the 0.5/10 i was originally going to give it.(according to my grading scale: 3/10 means pretty much both boring & bad. as fun as counting to three unless you find a way to make fun of it, then it will become as fun as counting to 15.)

i was kinda interested in this movie as a trashy cannibal flick. i was thoroughly disappointed. it was the same kind of disappointment i felt watching 'friday the 13th: jason takes manhattan'. so much potential wasted!the opening scene is a decent attention grabber. then it grinds to a halt. copious breasts and egregious 80s fashion cannot help this movie. the only things eating near this island of cannibal monks are the piranha! i'm not asking for 'cannibal holocaust' level of gore, but i was looking for cheap over-the-top exploitative gore. i got none of that.i found a couple parts of the fight scenes somewhat intriguing, hence the 2 stars. i don't think its really worth the time it takes to watch it, though. i could see showing it at a party where nobody cares about what is going on and you just want something on in the background. but i would not tell anyone, "oh, dude, you gotta see this movie." it is neither good enough nor bad enough to warrant much attention.

all the ingredients of low-brow b-movie cult cinema. topless (and bottomless) girls, kung-fu kicking chefs, slave traders, evil germans with mustaches, cameron mitchell and sword-wielding zombies.and, of course the breasts of camille keaton, who's best known display occurs in the feminist exploitation classic i spit on your grave. we also must mention the hooters of jewel shepard, who play a hooker in the recent film the cooler.lots of blood and action with knives and swords and martial arts among topless dancers in a bar, in a whorehouse, and on a boat load of martial artists heading to some zombie island where bad martial artists go to die or something like that.tops and bottoms come off easily and frequently as travelers are well lubricated thanks to the boat owner.then disaster strikes as their boat is destroyed and they land on the zombie island where mas monks sacrifice young girls to the dead martial artists to bring them back to life.just when you thought it had everything, there are piranhas in the water. yum yum a big fat german for dinner.just the thing for your next zombie fest.

"raw force" is like an ultra-sleazy and perverted version of love boat, with additional kung fu fights, demented cannibalistic monks, white slaves trade, energetic zombies and a whole lot of lousy acting performances. no wonder this movie was included in the recently released "grindhouse experience 20 movie box-set". it's got everything exploitation fanatics are looking for, blend in a totally incoherent and seemingly improvised script! the production values are extremely poor and the technical aspects are pathetic, but the amounts of gratuitous violence & sex can hardly be described. the film opens at a tropically sunny location called warriors island, where a troop of sneering monks raise the dead for no apparent reason other than to turn them into kung fu fighters. the monks also buy sexy slaves from a sleazy hitler look-alike businessman, supposedly because the women's flesh supplies them with the required powers to increase their zombie army. tourists on a passing cruise ship, among them three martial arts fighters, a female la cop and a whole bunch of ravishing but dim-witted ladies, are attacked by the hitler guy's goons because they were planning an excursion to warriors island. their lifeboat washes ashore the island anyway, and the monks challenge the survivors to a fighting test with their zombies. okay, how does that sound for a crazy midnight horror movie mess? it's not over yet, because "raw force" also has piranhas, wild boat orgies, cameron mitchell in yet another embarrassing lead role and 70's exploitation duchess camille keaton ("i spit on your grave") in an utterly insignificant cameo appearance. there's loads of badly realized gore, including axe massacres and decapitations, hammy jokes and bad taste romance. the trash-value of this movie will literally leave you speechless. the evil monks' background remains, naturally, unexplained and they don't even become punished for their questionable hobbies. maybe that's why the movie stops with "to be continued", instead of with "the end". the sequel never came, unless it's so obscure imdb doesn't even list it.

outrageously trashy karate/horror thriller with loads of graphically gory violence and gratuitous nudity, and a thoroughly preposterous and bizarre "plot". this is lowbrow and low-grade entertainment that will appeal only to viewers with particularly kinky tastes, but it's kind of cheerfully bad and i must admit that i wasn't actually bored while watching it.... (*1/2)

not even goebbels could have pulled off a propaganda stunt like what gore has done with this complete piece of fiction. this is a study in how numbers and statistics can be spun to say whatever you have predetermined them to say. the "scientists" gore says have signed onto the validity of global warming include social workers, psychologists and psychiatrists. would you say a meteorologist is an expert in neuro-surgery? the field research and data analysis geologists are involved in do not support gores alarmist claims of global warming. as one of those geologists working in the field for the last 40 years i have not seen any evidence to support global warming. my analysis of this movie and gores actions over the last couple years brings me to the conclusion that global warming is his way of staying important and relevant. no more, no less. ask any global warming alarmist or "journalist" one simple question- you say global warming is a major problem. tell me. what temperature is the earth supposed to be?

well done al gore! you have become the first person to have made 1 billion dollars of the global warming lie! just like all the other man made fable's in the world this one is up there with the best lies to have sucked in so many people. sure polution is not a good thing, and i would love for all the tree's to keep on growing, but global warming is a business! it employes thousands of people that are all very mislead.google it! there are just to many things that just don't add up, but well done al, you failed as a politician, but went on to make lots of money sucking in the world.whats next? santa is real?

this movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life. (besides farenheit 9/11). all of the information was only supported on the opinion of five scientists while 80% of the asssociated press highly criticize the science promoted be gore. global warming is a mass media hysteria and nothing more. most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together. this movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies.liberal blindness! an to think that they show this in school proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage!

the first 30 minutes of tinseltown had my finger teetering on the remote, poised to flick around to watch something else. the premise of two writers, down on their luck, living in a self-storage-space "bin" was mildly amusing, but, painfully bland.the introduction of the character, played by joe pantoliano - the big deal movie guy, that lives in the park and sleeps in a lavatory, offered hope and i decided to give it a few more minutes. and then a few more until kristy swansons introduction as a budding film director & borderline nymphomaniac, added a bit of spice. her solid acting performance raised her presence above and beyond just a very welcome eye-candy inclusion.ultimately, the obvious low-budget impacts on the film with poorly shot scenes, stuttured pace and slapstick handling of certain moments. some of my favourite movies of all time have been low budget, whithnail & i being one that also deals with 2 guys with a dream, but down on their luck.however, for my money, the actors save tinseltown from the "terrible movie" archives and just about nudges it into the "could have been a cult movie" archives. i laughed out loud at some of the scenes involving joe pantoliano's character. in particular, the penultimate scenes in the terribly clichéd, but still funny, rich-but-screwed-up characters house, where the story unravels towards it's final moments.i can see how tinseltown was a great stage play and while the film-makers did their best to translate this to celluloid, it simply didn't work and while i laughed out loud at some of scenes and one liners, i think the first 30 minutes dulled my senses and expectations to such a degree i would have laughed at anything.unless you're stuck for a novelty coffee coaster, don't pick this up if you see it in a bargain bucket.

a broke would be screenwriter and his would be agent (tom wood and arye gross) are forced to live in a self storage facility run by an eccentric and intimidating manager (ron perlman) whom they come to believe is the serial murderer that is terrorizing the city, the "costume killer" (so named because, after injecting his victims with windex, he dresses them in silly costumes). they convince him his life story would make a great film and gather together a group of misfit wannabe film makers (john considine, joe pantoliano, kristy swanson) and discover that the art of movie making can be murder.there is more to this movie but it was unfortunately left on the editing room floor and it shows (rumor is the studio wanted a "lighter" dark comedy). our loss (and the actors, who all do fine jobs and deserve better) as this has the makings of an exceptional black comedy but only rises to mediocre cute.if you're a ron perlman fan this is absolutely worth getting just for his performance. his comedic timing is excellent and he has the chance to do some really great impressions (he wasn't kidding when he said on the hellboy movie commentary that he needed an intervention when he gets into jerry lewis mode). he's just simply fun to watch in this one. david dukes also shines in a two-scener (but pivotal) role.

sorry, i just didn't find the subject matter as compelling as the filmmaker did. the robot guy and the mole rat guy were pretty interesting, although morris didn't really tell us much about them. the other two subjects were a bore. and the supposed "connections" between them didn't hold up.

i found the documentary entitled fast, cheap, and out of control to be a fairly interesting documentary. the documentary contained four "mini" documentaries about four interesting men. each one of these men was extremely involved with his job, showing sheer love and enjoyment for one's job.the sad part, i must say, would have to be the subjects in which these individuals worked/studied. they were interesting for about five minutes, afterwards becoming boring and lasting entirely too long.the video was filmed in a very creative way though. i very much enjoyed the film of one thing with a voice dub over another. it played out excellent and also coincided nicely with the music.

so altogether i found this documentary to be strange and really pointless. i know it got awards and things, but i personally did not enjoy it too much. there was no humor or drama in it to keep you interested, just a bunch of wierdos and their jobs. some of the people in are rather different which isn't a bad thing, it just didn't leave a good impression on me. i was thoroughly bored by this movie, no offense to my creative writing teacher. the circus theme throughout the whole movie was kinda cool but i didn't get it, and robotics and lion taming is definitely not my thing. the green animals thing was neat, i really liked the garden lots of colorful flowers, but how did these four jobs connect? it just didn't make much sense to me why someone would make a movie about that. but if you are into stuff like this you might enjoy it. who am i to stand in your way. i am just forewarning you about possible suffering.

geez, another lifetime movie, but once again isn't exactly the worst movie in the world, but far from the best. i think the main problem is that it's pretty obvious who is responsible for what, and it's generally fairly predictable. worse yet, some of the flashbacks ended up being confusing, and the viewer is left wondering "okay, how much am i supposed to care?" one thing i did like is that the movie goes to show you that it's never that simple as "the good guys are good and the bad guys are bad", and sometimes it is evil vs evil rather than good vs evil. hadley didn't do what she did out of a sense of justice, she did it because she considered herself entitled to a job for being family, and to eliminate the competition. as for alicia, it simply proves that a victim isn't always a good person. some of them really do "have it coming", even if "it" was a painful, horrible death. "the burning bed" is a great example of this, but the difference is that the vile man in "the burning bed" got exactly what he deserved. but, did alicia "have it coming"? some will say that she did, but others don't agree, and the law generally doesn't either.as for acting, it's a mixed bag. some do a good job, like mia, but others just came across as indifferent to their roles. they were mostly wooden or simply not convincing. the music was pretty cool though and some of the scenes are nice and steamy, especially if you like girl/girl action. the movie isn't badly shot at all, but given its glaring weaknesses, the strengths are in background, unfortunately.i've heard rumors of a sequel, but given the years, i doubt it'll happen. but, i wouldn't be surprised if a sequel suddenly appeared. if alicia is as evil, conniving and horrible as people say, then i don't think she'll be thinking, "yay! i woke up from a coma! oh, hadley was responsible? oh! that's okay! i totally forgive her and want the charges dropped!" no way hadley would be in jail for long anyway, if she even does any time since no murder actually happened. anyway, worth checking out at least once!

i wish i could give this movie a zero, or even lower, because sadly that's what it deserves. i honestly never walk out of a movie, but this one was so dreadfully awful that i couldn't stand another minute of it. please,please, please- for the sake of mankind- skip this movie. if you want a hot lesbian movie that you can really delve into, this isn't it.it has unattractive, unappealing leads, choppy structure, ridiculous dialog, and it is absolutely unconvincing in every imaginable way. on an absolutely basic level, it fails to entertain. everything about "mango kiss" is so stagey, it is worse than any student film i have seen.as if that weren't enough, the entire movie relies on constant (and i mean constant) voice over narration. the script writer may as well have written a novel, because they insisted on telling everything, instead of showing it. we are just supposed to assume that lou and sassafras are the best of friends and have a special connection, even though there is no character development to illustrate this. also, this film continues to introduce to new characters after the first five minutes, and not in a natural way, but in a freeze-frame of the characters with their name written over the screen. there is no introduction, no development of any of the characters. we don't really get to know any of them.this is the most amateur movie i have ever seen.i am a gay woman, who watched this film with my roommate (another gay woman) and we both found this movie to be a depressing representation of queer cinema. i am beginning to think that lesbian and gay movies are a lot like christian rock - it doesn't matter how atrocious it is, people will still flock to it, and champion it, no matter how poor the quality is. please don't rent this!! instead, let's encourage the production of quality gay and lesbian movies by renting "but i'm a cheerleader" or "fire" or "heavenly creatures", instead of swallowing whatever mindless tripe they aim at the gay community (i.e. queer as folk).

on his birthday a small boys tells his mother he is not her son, and that he wants to go home to his real mother.in some ways comedy de l'innocence feels like it comes from a different time of movie-making, perhaps the 60's or 70's. certainly it reminded me of losey's secret ceremony (1968), and richard loncraine's full circle (1977), both of which deal with loss, grief and relationships between parents and 'lost' children (curiously both films star mia farrow).all three films are populated with unsympathetic characters who behave in strange and unexplained ways. all three films have a chilly feel, both emotionally and literally. all three films focus on mother-child relationships, and ultimately all three films pose the question - 'what is real, what is imagined?' beautiful but flawed, it offers no easy answers and leaves much hanging, unexplained and strange.

on the face of it, ruiz has set out to make a psychological thriller. although it's not as satisfying as a classic piece in that genre, there are compensations. the tensions generated between huppert and balibar as women calmly but calculatingly at war over a boy they both claim are compelling; however, in a true european art-house style, ruiz doesn't give us release of this tension as the women alternately also try to behave compassionately towards each other. the only raised voice is that of huppert's waking from a nightmare (an uncontested irrational event in the film).in fact, if we follow the title, the film is as little about its thriller skeleton as jane campion's in the cut. instead it is an intergender psychological study focusing on men. the boy, camille (nils hugon), decides on a practical joke, playing his mother off against an emotionally vulnerable other woman. both women seem to pander to him rather than scold and this compounds the problem. in the background is an intemperate psychologist (charles berling), swift to confront the women in his life - his sister huppert, the nanny or his pa - and so acting as a symbolic adult counterbalance to the, calm and (we learn) manipulative camille. it is particularly interesting that, like the father in henry james' the turn of the screw, denis podalydes' law-enforcer father is absent for the duration of the film. ruiz fashions an oedipal moment out of huppert's reaction to his return at the film's close.read either as a thriller or as a psychiatric essay, this film is ultimately rather disappointing. i'm officially rather fed up with mme huppert's screen method, which is too buried and so i'll be looking to see her on stage before i come back to her (european - enjoyed heaven's gate) films again. the support is good. ruiz does the cast no favours though. quite apart from some poor lighting and some wilfully odd shots, its as if his direction has left characterisation quite out of reach - i'm thinking particularly of edith scob's shamanic neighbour to isabelle, who acts knowing but communicates bafflement. the set pieces do not link up to a forward driving plot - the tension i have already referred to is not only weakly dissipated but wasted in its directional potential.want to see a good contemporary french thriller? go and see l'appartement instead. 4/10

somewhere between the food court and zip's, the mall in this filmhas an explosives store. this is the only place the title charactercan purchase the bomb he plants in the mall in the dull finale.a fictional town has a new mall, built on some land that wascondemned. cute girl (i didn't catch her name) gets a job as awaitress there. she lost her boyfriend in a fire at the site where themall stands. the villainous mall owner hires the arsonistresponsible for the fire as a security guard after his first securityguard ends up dead. rob estes, eons before "silk stalkings," is aphotog/reporter trying to find a story. he hooks up with cute girl,and their mutual "funny" friend pauly shore, and try to find out if ericis still alive. he is, living in the mall basement (?) and travelingthrough the air ducts and offing different people who upset hisformer girlfriend, including the arsonist. eventually, he kidnaps herand the finale involves the bomb and everyone running from thescene before the big kablooey. morgan fairchild is along for theride as the mayor...yes, she's the mayor.of course, you probably did not need a plot sketch since the entirestory is in the title. someone named eric is taking revenge againstpeople as a phantom of a mall. this also means there is nosuspense. we know eric is behind this, but we still have to seeestes and cute girl go through the motions of a silly investigation.watch as fairchild, who we know has been in cahoots with themall owner all along, pull a gun on our heroic duo in the middle ofa crowded party, yet no one says a word as she leads them to heroffice, and her eventual death. the fictional town is huge, yet nary apoliceman is ever called, everyone relies on mall security for order.eric has been hiding since the mall was built, but i am not surewhere. he seems to live in a basement area, but you would thinksome construction worker would have found him. he also hasfurnished his love pad quite well, and found a few outlets, since hehas electricity. it might be nicer than your own apartment!pauly shore fans, both of you, take note. he tricks a security guardout of his booth by mooning the camera. yes, stop scanningcelebrity skin and playgirl, this is where you get to see a grainyblack and white shot of pauly's south shore, although no weezil.this is just junk, and proof positive that i am down to renting justabout anything at the video store to stay in the horror section. thisfilm is not eric's revenge, it is the film maker's revenge for mebeing dumb enough to watch it. here is my revenge: i do notrecommend it. that'll show 'em!this is rated (r) for physical violence, some gun violence, gore,some profanity, some female nudity, brief male nudity, and somesexual content.

phantom of the mall is a film that fits best in the "easily forgotten" category. it's a pretty lousy variant on the famous story by gaston leroux, the phantom of the opera. not a bad idea to itself, but the plot and production of this movie are way to weak to bring a decent homage to that story. on the bright side, gaston leroux doesn't has to turn over in his grave just yet. it could have been a lot worse. phantom of the mall has too many useless flashbacks in it and way too many boring sequences to make it memorable. also, the scriptwriters wanted to give too much draught to the story than necessary. and even though there's a lot of mystery getting build up about the character of eric ... the basic plot is ordinary and déjà-vu. ***spoilers*** it's about a young couple that brutally gets torn apart because the boy gets killed in a fire. that fire was set to his house because he and his parents refused to sell their home in order to make room for a huge mall to be build. the boy survived the fire and he has hidden himself in the mall to avenge himself. meanwhile he guards his girl who now works in the mall and tries to forget her loss ****end spoilers*** this pretty simple - but rather effective - plot gets thickened by lots of pointless elements and annoying conspiracy theories. while it should just be an entertaining horror movie, it desperately tries to be an intelligent thriller...and that's not what the fans look for. there are a few innovative killings but they're not satisfying enough for people who want to see a relaxing horror movie. and besides, phantom of the mall could have used at least a bit of humor!! this entire production - the cast included - takes itself way too serious. i'll try to finish with a few positive aspects...like for example, it stars ken foree !! die-hard horror fans will certainly recognize him as peter for dawn of the dead! that's like the horror milestone that yet has to find an equal. even though his role in this movie is limited and even completely unnecessary...it was good to see him again. tv-movie fans will also recognize morgan fairchild as the mayor, she's a fine actress and an elegant lady. pauly shore is also in this but i can't stand him...so my opinion about him may be a bit biased. and finally, a bit of praise for the leading actress named kari whitman. she's an extremely beautiful girl and she does have a bit of talent...too bad she never made it to the top. actually, this movie is her biggest achievement and that says enough about her career...

one of the cornerstones of low-budget cinema is taking a well-known, classic storyline and making a complete bastardization out of it. phantom of the mall is no exception to this rule. the screenwriter takes the enduring phantom of the opera storyline and moves it into a late '80s shopping mall. however, the "phantom's" goal now is simply to get revenge upon those responsible for disfiguring his face and murdering his family. the special effects do provide a good chuckle, especially when body parts begin appearing in dishes from the yogurt stand. pauly shore has a small role which does not allow him to be as fully obnoxious as one would expect, mostly due to the fact that his fifteen minutes of mtv fame had not yet arrived. if you're looking for a few good laughs at the expense of the actors and special effects crew, check this flick out. otherwise, keep on looking for something else.

what made me track this movie down was the viewing vampyres, i thought i have to get the other movies this guy (larroz) has made, i was sorry i tracked this down,it is a weak attempt at an occult/satanic type movie laden with sex and only sex(with ugly actors and actresses, this is an excuse for sleaze. the only redeeming factor was the setting and atmosphere, avoid this one, too much hype surrounds it, not worth the effort of finding it, this refers to the welcome to the grind house edition. i hope he has some other movies which lives up to vampyres, oh and the goat scene was very boring, i understand that this is what carries the hype.

when carol (vanessa hidalgo) starts looking into her brother's death, she begins to suspect something more sinister than "natural causes". the closer she gets to the truth, the more of a threat she becomes to her sister-in-law, fiona (helga line), and the rest of the local satanists. they'll do whatever is necessary to put a stop her nosy ways.if you're into sleazy, satanic-themed movies, black candles has a lot to offer. the movie is filled with plenty of nudity and ritualistic soft-core sex. one scene in particular involving a young woman and a goat must be seen to be believed. unfortunately, all the sleaze in the world can't save black candles. most of the movie is a total bore. other than the one scene i've already mentioned, the numerous sex scenes aren't shocking and certainly aren't sexy. the acting is spotty at best. even genre favorite helga line gives a disappointing performance. the plot really doesn't matter. its main function seems to be to hold the string of dull sex scenes together. i'm only familiar with one other movie directed by jose ramon larraz. compared with his daughters of darkness that masterfully mixes eroticism and horror, black candles comes off as amateurish. 3/10 is about the best i can do.

black candles is rather a muddled mess from the same director that brought us "vampyres" and much later, "rest in pieces", among others..i'm only noting the ones i've seen. at any rate, we have a couple making love and then somewhere near by a pin is poised over a voodoo doll and then pierces it, and the man keels over. not sure if it was good for either of them, at that point. fast forward to where the man's sister has come to the house to investigate and hear the reading of the will, or something to that effect, and of course everybody else except her is in on something, which happens to be devil worship. it's really hard to say who is who at moments during the movie and it does get a bit confusing at times. to spice things up though, there's a simulated bestiality scene (i hope it's simulated) with a black goat, sure to be a crowd pleaser. ugh. at times this echoes "rosemary's baby", minus the baby, because the hostess is always giving one woman herbal tea and the place reeks of whatever nasty satanic herbs these are too, because that keeps getting remarked upon. however, the herbs aren't the only thing that reeks about this film. the end seems to be back to the beginning again, and many viewers might find themselves wondering where they've been during the middle part. it's not unwatchable, it's just not very good, and i guess it all depends on what you like to see in films, and there wasn't much here that did anything much for me. 3 out of 10.

i absolutely despise this movie. no wonder jose larraz "disowned" it at one point and refuses to discuss it. i admire larraz's work, especially his more obscure slasher/sex maniac thrillers like savage lust or scream and die. his work has a kind of inescapable artiness about it that he can't seem to switch off, owing in part to his secondary career as a painter & cartoonist. it's too bad he never made a western, his vision would have been perfect.black candles is easily his most notorious film and probably his best known after the masterpiece vampyres. and it's notoriety revolves around one scene where a satanic coven enacts a bizarre rite involving extracting the reproductive fluid of a goat -- symbolizing the beast -- as some kind of nauseating balm to be used in preparing the waif like sister of a murdered man for her role as the bride of satan. the scene in question is staged in a way that looks rather convincing even without the display of any plumbing apparatus the goat may have been endowed with, relying upon the histrionics of the actress recruited to play the supplicant in the ritual and lots of guttural chanting on the film's recycled musical score heard in a half-dozen films attributed to jacinto molina. the perverse nature of the scene is more implied than shown in graphic detail, heightened somewhat by the knowledge that said supplicant is actually the teen-aged daughter of the satanic priest. my but they had fun concocting this movie.the problem with it is that there isn't much to deconstruct or contemplate aside from the paper thin rosemary's baby derived story of a woman being weaned into her role as satan's bride by a sophisticated coven of satanists living in the hedgrowed outlands of a very sinister britain. led by eurohorror sensation helga line these satanists are comprised of doctors, lawyers, land owning magnates and other upper crust dignitaries who actually owe their professional success to their worship of the devil. all you have to do is sell your soul and the world can be yours, only watch out whom you may sell out to pay back petty personal conflict or you may end up being felched with a sword.the film attempts to combine this heady satanic trip with oodles or borderline graphic sex, and should correctly be regarded as a kind of apex or culmination of the sex and horror spanish thriller traditions popularized in part by mr. molina & ms. line, and which had amazingly flourished under the disapproving eye of one generalissimo franco, the dictator who controlled spain up until 1976. while he lived his decree was that spanish cinema was to be free of graphic depictions of on-screen sex. spanish directors often made two versions of their films, one with the sex concealed for their own screens and one with the fornication on display for export. as difficult as it was for the filmmakers to express themselves the result was a sort of interesting tension that usually results when artists flirt with the forbidden: spanish horror from the 1970s has a very special flavor to it that is somewhat of an acquired taste. it's not for everyone.but in a bizarre turn of events, without franco's influence on their culture spanish horror sort of dried up in the late 1970s, when their gothic castles and demonic orgies suddenly found themselves passé when compared to new sensations like jaws and the star wars phenomenon. and without franco's constraints their were suddenly a flood of overtly graphic thrillers that came tumbling out of the pipes in the very late 70s/early 80s, of which black candles is perhaps the best known due to it's emphasis on sexual deviancy with a barnyard animal. larraz' major horror films have always revolved around sexual taboos (the lesbianism of vampyres, the incest of scream and die & deviation) but here the effect of the depravity is to overshadow the rest of the production. nobody cares about anything else but the traditionally censored trip to the goat barn, and watching a cut version without the scene in the barn is almost an exercise in pointlessness. the sex isn't graphic enough to rate as porn and the chills aren't chilling enough to rate as horror.so, black candles is essentially a behavior study -- here is how high society british satanists might behave in their secluded mansions out in the west midlands or whatever. between sex scenes the actors/actresses sit around and have lots of discussions. the best thing the film has going for it is an undeniably oppressive atmosphere of claustrophobia, with most of it's action taking place in the tightly confined interiors of ms. line's character's mansion. nearly every avenue of fornication is hinted at so fans of soft-core sex romps with a hinting of supernatural horror will be amused, and of course the vicarious sex criminals amongst us will enjoy choking their chickens to the goat barn scene. but the ultimate conclusion of the film is silly, pretentious, intelligence insulting, and probably perfect for such an otherwise forgettable exercise in applied sleaze.2/10; without the goat barn this movie just isn't the same, and with the scene it's probably a bit too much for most viewers. larraz was correct to disown it.

ok, not possibly, honestly the worst movie i've ever seen.this made absolutely no sense, there was no plot, no characterization, no acting, just nothing.here's what i thought when i first saw it may 28th, 2003 **caution, this is a spoiler alert. it's also alot of me complaining about how bad the movie is::ok so the movie begins and the characters are introduced, but there is no character explanation. as far as i knew the main character was new to this school, but apparently not. also it appeared that he lived by himself... then that he was a foster kid... then that his mother was a raging alcoholic who lived with him still. also all his friends apparently had no parents and lived by themselves.now we come to a main plot point, this insane guy has broken out of the insane asylum and is running rampant. now our main character is obsessed with this guy and focus' intently on him for the contingency of the movie. i think i must have missed a main plot element here, there was no reason for the main character to get hooked. even if that's the point, having no reason, why do all his friends, who are skeptical like 5 minutes before, suddenly follow him and do what he wants.so the movie continues on, and it gets all right. they're running havoc on the school, blah blah blah. but wait a minute... suddenly everyone knows that the main character is running the 'show' here. wait a second, didn't the insane guy specifically tell the main character not to do that? it was supposed to be anynomous.ah another important plot element has been skipped over... the insane guy was supposed to not be insane... everyone said he wasn't insane. but as the story goes on, he is very clearly out of his mind. but i thought the news people said he wasn't... hm...now the movie comes to a close. that was the close? what the hell was that? not only did the ending not answer any questions about the main character, it didn't answer any questions about the insane guy. are these people in the same situation? if yes, then there are some very basic story lines that do not tend to this. if no then what is the point in saying "that's you in two weeks."??*end of the thing...*that's what i thought then. that is pretty much what i still think now. it's 6 months down the line, and if i can get it for free, i might give it another chance, but i doubt it. i highly doubt it.

the guy did a lot of title design for a bunch of movies and i guess one day he said; i should pick a cheap scenario, try to put as much title in it as a can ( cause after all i'm a title designer ) and try to persuade people that this is in fact a movie. one of the worst i've even seen that's for sure. if you fell the urge to see nice titles, go check out some posters don't waste your time watching this.it kinda ironic don't you think, did you saw the poster? the only part of his project that should had title work done have almost none !

"john hughes' son wrote a high school drama! wow!" i thought as i checked the flick's info here on imdb, late on a saturday night, having found myself watching the opening credits on bbc2.i've just finished watching it, and sadly it was downhill from there on. arguably you can't spoil a film this poor, but i'll leave the spoilers out of this review... there's an awful lot of style over very little substance: unfortunately the style hasn't dated too well in the eight years since its release. as for the substance, the film tries to pose an interesting look at the nature of control in society through the microcosm of school-life; but beneath the shiny veneer, a remotely meaningful or relevant argument fails to materialise. characters are painted in childishly broad strokes, falling into the kind of generic stereotypes the writer's father sought to question in breakfast club. director kyle cooper does a decent job keeping the pace up (perhaps relying a little too much on montages of information, which soon becomes a tiresome device, but at least pushes the story along), but his efforts don't sufficiently detract from the poor script and bizarre casting (how anyone is supposed to side with 'maddox', when blake shields gurns and glowers his way through the part, i just can't understand), not to mention the numerous gaping plot holes (i'm all for creative license, but when the "bad guys" know the identities of the "good guys" making their lives a misery, but fail to act in any way to stop them, you really have to wonder why this script didn't undergo another few re-drafts before production - did daddy even read it?).i'm sure a younger audience might get some enjoyment from this film (and all power to them), but they're really better off sticking with hughes sr.'s high school output, and if the idea of school-time rebellion is what really appeals, the 1968 classic "if..." is a much more satisfying examination of the subject.

ok well i found this movie in my dads old pile of movies and it looked pretty good from the cover but the movie actually sucked!! ok the first story with the swimmer was pretty good but it took a while to get into, then the one with the boy was completely retarded! it wasn't even scary! his dream sounds like a little kid's bedtime story. then the news girls one was completely retarded too. i'm sure someones going to call up the news guy and ask him to go out with you. but that one ended cool where she stabbed him and she was in the hospital and she saw him on t.v and he said all that junk to her. next was that pretty gay story about the guy who brought back the dead people..omg its so stupid i'm not even going to say any more about it.the last one was the best. it wasn't that scary but the idea of the story was pretty cool..uh yeah the girl gets possessed and she kills all her classmates or something. then when they're all done telling their dreams to each other the losers get on the bus (to hell ahahahah) and they see all the people from their dreams on the bus(ha). the end.

going into this i was expecting anything really good, but after the damage this inflexed on me, i'm just happy to think strait. it's hard to think what the film-makers( ha!) this was a good movie. the stories, and i use the world loosely, are incoherent and do make any sense at all. there just stupid things that happen at random. the acting, if can be called acting is horrible i've seen batter acting in toy ads! i know it's a low-budget video-bin garbages, but still even it's not like they tried. will after stetting thought it, i feel very sleepy and still #yawws# do, i'm going to go lie down.warnning: do not atemp to drive, walk, read or do any after watching chillers. other side affectts may enguled lose of any or all metal funkions.

five passengers at a bus depot tell each other their scary dreams while waiting to be picked up. but is there more to these nightmares than meets the eye?lucky me, five bad movies for the price of one! each segment features the very worst in acting, special effects, make up and music. and these were supposed to be scary? hmm.. i think i've been more freaked out during an episode of teletubbies. i swear, you'll sit there like i was, bored to tears waiting in vain for something interesting to happen. don't bother. it never does. in fact, i even stopped fast forwarding the commercials, as they were a good deal more entertaining than the main feature. and the ending is the ultimate cop-out. yep, none of this actually ever happened. if only the same could be said for the day i set my vcr to record this cobblers.. 2/10

chillers starts on a cold, dark stormy night as a bus drops off three passenger's outside a bus station, a young boy named mason (jesse emery), a college professor dr. howard conrow (david wohl) & a woman named sharon phillips (laurie pennington). inside they discover that they have missed their connecting bus & are stranded for the night. in the waiting area they find two other people, ronnie (jim wolf) & a sleeping woman named lindsay (marjorie fitzsimmons) who is currently having a terrifying nightmare...while swimming in an indoor pool lindsay encounters & befriends guy named billy waters (jesse johnson), the next time lindsay sees billy he dives into the pool & then seemingly disappears into thin air before he surfaces. shortly after lindsay discovers that billy water died in a diving accident 5 years ago...lindsay wakes up & tells the others about her nightmare, everyone else responds by saying that they too have suffered disturbing dreams recently & decide to share them to pass the time...next up is mason who tells a story of how he & two friends, scott (david r. hamm) & jimmy (will tuckwiller), are terrorised during a camping trip...then it's sharon whose story revolves around a newsman named tom williams (thom delventhal) who she phones up, in no time at all tom is at her front door but he actually turns out to be a vampire...it's ronnie's turn next & he describes how he discovers that he can bring the dead back to life, unfortunately he brings executed mass murderer nelson caulder (bradford boll) back to homicidal life...finally dr. conrow tells a tale of how two of his students brought an ancient aztec war-god named ixpe (kimberly harbour) back to life...then it's back to the bus station for one last (predictable) twist...written, produced & directed by daniel boyd chillers is one of the worst horror anthologies i've ever seen & i usually really like this sub-genre. the script by boyd lacks what is needed for films such as chillers to work, you can see the final twist coming a mile off & each story is really lame. the first one is totally pointless & didn't seem to have an ending & the best thing about these anthologies are the short snappy stories that are rounded off with a neat twist. the second story is predictable &, again, just ends without any payoff. so it continues throughout chillers that each story is deeply unsatisfying to watch & have no reward for doing so. the character's & dialogue are poorly written, the stories seem to have no original ideas of their own & as a whole the film totally sucks. at least each story doesn't last long & i liked the idea behind the linking segments.director boyd was obviously working with a very low budget & it shows. all i can say is if you want to watch a 15 odd minute short story set entirely within a swimming pool then chillers is for you. the stories are neither clever, scary or have any sort of tension or build up to anything. having said that it does have a few nice scenes & some surprising competence shines through on occasion. violence & gore wise there isn't much happening in chillers, a ripped out heart, a decapitated head & a bitten off hand is as gory as it gets.technically chillers is poor stuff that won't impress anyone. basic cinematography, bad music, cheap special effects & below average production values. chillers also features one of the worst closing theme songs ever, period. the acting is also of a very low standard.i am sure a lot of effort was put into chillers as a low budget film & at least the filmmakers tried so i will give credit for that at least, but that still doesn't stop me from thinking it's crap. similar anthology films like tales from the crypt (1972), asylum (1972), the vault of horror (1973), dr. terror's house of horrors (1965), creepshow (1982) & tales from the darkside: the movie (1990) are far superior to chillers so watch one of those instead.

when the movie was released it was the biggest hit and it soon became the blockbuster. but honestly the movie is a ridiculous watch with a plot which glorifies a loser. the movie has a tag-line - "preeti madhura, tyaga amara" which means love's sweet but sacrifice is immortal. in the movie the hero of the movie (ganesh) sacrifices his love for the leading lady (pooja gandhi) even though the two loved each other! his justification is the meaning of the tag-line. this movie influenced so many young broken hearts that they found this "loser-like sacrificial" attitude very thoughtful and hence became the cult movie it is, when they could have moved on with their lives. ganesh's acting in the movie is amateurish, crass and childishly stupid. he actually looks funny in a song, (onde ondu sari... )when he's supposed to look all stylish and cool. his looks don't help the leading role either. his hair style is badly done in most part of the movie. pooja gandhi cant act. her costumes are horrendous in the movie and very inconsistent. the good part about the movie is the excellent cinematography and brilliant music by mano murthy which are actually the true saving graces of the movie. also the lyrics by jayant kaikini are very well penned. the director yograj bhat has to be lauded picturization the songs in a tasteful manner. anyway all-in-all except for the songs, the movie is a very ordinary one!!!!!!

as a hammer completist i was dreading the time when i would have to raise the courage to watch this film and the one following it, holiday on the buses. i had seen one the buses the film and thought it one of the worst films i have ever seen. it was full of all the awful comedy that plagued british tv screens around the early 70's.i am ashamed to say that there were actually parts of this film that i laughed at. i don't know if it was because i was now familiar with the characters and enjoyed some of the situations, knowing how they would react. i found blakey particularly funny, although i could swear at no point in the trilogy does he say his catchphrase, "i'll get you butler".having watched holiday on the buses the jokes were starting to wear thin and these three films could be compared to an early hammer trilogy, dick barton, in that the second film made is the best (although this is probably the only way they could be compared).the only people who would want to watch this film are probably fans of the tv series, who will no doubt enjoy this, and hammer completists like myself. to the completists i would say that this film isn't that bad and i can certainly think of worse hammer comedies.

i am a big fan of the original book and this adaption is simply bad. first of all, it had trouble deciding if it is a kiddie toon or an adult one, that caused a strange mix of an adult story and some pretty violent scenes with a silly little duck that keeps giving "funny" moments in the beginning.but that's hardly important, the film is simply boring, unmoving and not true to the original story. it simply fails to transfer to the picture all the points orwell tried to make to his book.{spoiler}second revolution?!! haven't they guys learned anything?? who be the next napoleon then? benjamin?!!

first off, i have to say that i loved the book animal farm. i read it with my 9th grade class, and it was great. we also decided that watching the movie would be beneficial. the movie was so disappointing to me. the movie cuts out some characters, and misses a lot of the main points of the book. it skips around a lot, and doesn't explain anything in detail. if someone was watching this movie without having first read the book, they would be confused. the most disappointing thing in this movie to me, was the ending. the ending in the book was the most powerful, and in the movie, they changed it! it was supposed to be the pigs and men in an alliance and sort of "melting" together, but instead, the movie made it seem like the animals were going to rebel against the pigs. to sum up, i don't think that this movie captured the real meaning that orwell portrayed in his book.

animal farm (1954) was a very good read about the dangers of totalitarianism. how good ideals can be changed and distorted by those who are ignorant or rule with an iron fist and an empty head. sadly this movie does not portray either of these. what we're shown is a propaganda piece with a lot of finger waving and pointing. the animation and the direction were good considering the budget and the time period but the very essence of george orwell's novel is sorely missing.if you're one of those who want to see how not to adapt a novel or are just interested in seeing an adaptation of this brilliant novelette then by all means watch. i just found this one to be somewhat mediocre. just one man's opinion however.the remake is a notch below but not by much.

this film is a portrait of the half-spastic teenage boy benjamin who has to visit a boarding school because of his lousy marks in math. he didn't make the best experiences in life before and got serious self-esteem issues. after a rough start at his new school, he starts making friends, falls in love with a girl and does some american pieish teenage stuff.beside some comedy elements, the film is told in a very serious way, focussing on benjamin and his problems.if you already don't like this story outline, save your time and watch something else. if you do, please be aware of the following:1) benjamin is a total loser. whatever he does, he does it terribly wrong and then he goes for self-pity all the time. for me he wasn't that kind of "charming loser" who you can feel sympathy for and laugh with. instead he and his behavior really annoyed me and with my own teenage years not so far behind i could barely stand watching.2) the film hardly tries to be realistic and the story seems to be but from my experience the characters just aren't (except for janosch maybe). and yes, i know this film is based on an auto-biography written by a 17-year old - but having some experiences with german schools and german youth myself, i don't believe him.3) showing the sexual awakening really is an important thing for a film with this subject. but i doubt that teenage boys do an "ejaculate on the cookie"-contest where everyone has to hit a cookie with his sperm during mass-masturbation in the woods and the loser has to eat the sperm-wet cookie afterwards. although it kinda amused me in a contemptible way, it's nor funny neither underlining the serious attempts of this film.4) there's a sub-plot about benjamin's family and his father betraying his wife - still, i don't know why it's there and where to put it. it just bored me.well, i personally hated this film for having the character of benjamin, being without a message, concept, scheme, whatever and it's failing attempts to be dramatic and serious. however, i can image that some people may find it sensible and touching. if you liked "the other sister" you'll probably like this one, too. i hated both.17-year old boys shouldn't write an autobiography and if they do, it doesn't seem to be the best idea to make a film out of it.2 out of 10.

after stopping by the movie store to find something to watch, we stumbled on this. it looked appealing from the summary, at least, so we gave it a try. and here's the kicker: the first 20 minutes are interesting! it's actually enjoyable! oh, wait, spoke too soon.somewhere in there, the movie took a disgusting turn into fundamental, right-wing christian brain-washing. not entirely sure what happens, but i think the screenplay writer found god somewhere in there, finished writing this script, and had no time to edit it because he had a kkk meeting to get to with his friends from the westboro church and his hood wasn't clean.can they put warnings on this? i refuse to support this religious idiocy. much like video games have rating systems, movies need some sort of symbol: maybe a small cross in the bottom corner to show us that a movie is going to take a turn for the worse.unless you share sentiments with whatever moron came up with this story, and will have your bible open in your lap while you watch this and plan on how you'll convert your neighbors, don't waste your time. it's some of the worst junk that's come out in a very long time, and the radical religious nuts don't need anymore funding.

i can't say this is one of the best films i have ever seen. but then again, i can't say it's one of the worst i have ever seen.ok, so it's basically a girl does skating, is good at it, wants to go to an expensive school, can't afford it and has to take a hockey scholarship. she has to hide her skating secret from her friends.personally, i didn't like the actress playing katelin. she absolutely couldn't cry to save her life, just made wailing sounds, like a toddler pretending to cry to get it's own way.katelin was just an annoying person. the way she tried to act all nice and helpful to people. also the part where the two skaters are calling her names and they say something about her choreographer and she says she 'draws the line' made me cringe.we all knew where it was going to go with her and spencer. classically they didn't like each other and sort of get together at the end was just typical.overall, i think this is a movie to watch if you like skating but if you don't mind the main skater being extremely annoying. it's good to kill time basically.

the acting was horrible and they got both of the sports wrongggg.......not only did they get the figure skating rules wrong, but also they rules of girls ice hockey. in girls ice hockey you cannot check. you also don't block for someone. not all they girls are disgusting gross mean and big. i play hockey and i'm only 4'11 and have been asked to go to schools like the one in the movie. also not all hockey players hate figure skaters. a lot of current girls hockey players were once figure skaters themselves. also we skate a lot faster then the ones in the movie. i was embarrassed by the movie it gave people the idea that we suck.......although i must mention that it is difficult to transition between the sports because of the toe pick on the figure skates.....also some of those twirly moves katelin was doing on the ice you couldn't do in a regular hockey game. she basically tripped the person, which is illigal. its also unrealistic that she would get a hockey scholarship when she figure skates. that really made me angry that scholarship would normally be used to someone who could benefit the team.

some of my old friends suggested me to watch this movie but i got chance only recently. i had high hopes of seeing something interesting from kamal hans, what i saw was bunch of garbage camera angles mixed at high speed. i could not understand what was the message except demeaning hinduism. i am more like many religion type but i felt kamal hasan is a man low character to have orchestrated this kind of thought. he could have made a horror movie than this crap. he tried to add hollywood genre of viruses and god forbid he did not convert that guy into a mutant and ultimately going to go for world domination. this is a much befitting movie for a film school vs regular public. shame on him for not holding up to the talent he has. starting of story tried chaos to borrow ideas from butterfly effect, then in between little religious harmony at the cost of insulting hinduism (once again i insult hinduism more but this movie has no equal and my insult is same for religion in general which may have made this movie intellectual one.)

i normally only write reviews for movies i really hated or really liked. and, as you can probably tell from the number of stars up there, i didn't like it. by now, i assume you have read about the plot or maybe even seen the movie, so i'll skip the summary. let's break this down, pros and cons:cons: the concept: the premise was set up to be interesting. using chaos theory as a theme was interesting. however, it wasn't carried out so well. correct me if i'm wrong, but it seems to me that chaos theory was kind of misrepresented. the event that occurred in the movie seemed more like contrived coincidence than anything. i guess the butterfly effect was represented by the whole "god(s) causes tsunami to bring back statue." the presentation comes off as really sloppy though. some people call this intelligent, but it just seems to be another souped up action film.storyline: is it just me, or does it seem that kamal just threw this together to give him an excuse to play ten roles? the plot is extremely contrived; govind kept losing the vial so many times in obscure accidents (his friend just happens to mix up the vial with a package he was sending to india, a crazy old lady just happens to throw the vial into an idol, half the cast just happens to unexpectedly meet up in the same hospital, and the case with the idol just happened to get mixed up with one that belonged to a famous singer.)cgi: oh god, the cgi. it was even worse than the special effects in jaws 3, and those sucked. right away, i could tell which parts were animated. even my ten-year-old cousin knows that underwater cars don't look like that. stunts: yes, i now that action scenes in tamil movies aren't realistic, but the stunts in this one were horrid and actually distracted me from the story.make up: i have to admit, they did a better job than expected. i thought kamal would be playing people with similar skin tones, so the two fake white guys and the fake japanese aikido guy caught me off guard. however, it was still pretty bad, i could easily tell which ones were wearing masks.the songs: the music was distracting and out-of-place in many instances.asin: her character was possibly the most annoying one in the movie. she was loud, ditsy, and obsessed irrationally about that idol. i actually found myself wishing she would die.plot holes and fridge logic: let me get this straight: a lab monkey was smart enough to get past a password-locked door, but not intelligent enough to tell the difference between a bar of chocolate and a vial with a deadly virus in it. and then, an ex-cia agent who's after the vial figures out it's headed for india. instead of immediately following it, he marries a pole dancer first. a famous punjabi singer with cancer checks into a small town hospital in the third world when he could easily afford the best medical treatment available. furthermore, he gets shot in the throat with a bullet. you'd think he would be killed, but instead, the magic bullet has cleared his tumor. you read that right, a bullet knocked out the tumor. pros... the naidu character: possibly the only likable part of the movie was his comedy.

"a stage company cast finds themselves terrified when a bizarre killer known as 'the fiend' targets them for death. a pair of reporters and their clumsy photographer set out to work the story of 'the fiend' and find themselves targets as well. just as you think our trio of heroes has the case solved, you're thrown another twist that has you wondering who the killer really is," according to the dvd sleeve's synopsis.taking "the hunchback of notre dame" to hollywood, producer sam katzman's lack of studio settings probably helps "a face in the fog" look interesting, especially toward the end (1930s traffic). the direction could be improved upon; for example, the camera angle on the fight scene is not helpful. the budget appears slight. under the circumstances, most of the silent/talkie crossover cast perform it amiably.**** a face in the fog (2/1/36) robert f. hill ~ lloyd hughes, june collyer, al st. john

ok, where do we start with this little gem? mutant slugs begin to take over a small new england (?) town. only one man can stop them... and that man... is mike brady! now, if that wasn't laughable enough, stay tuned.the footage of the slugs is what's known as stock footage. no matter who the slugs attack or where they are, the same shot of piles of slugs oozing everywhere is shown. keep in mind, this singular shot occupies at least half the movie.the acting in the movie was knock down, drag out, steal your wallet, punch your girlfriend, kill your dog, bad. i'm sure there's worse, but you're going to be hard pressed to find it. the only gem was... you guessed it.... mike brady! he must have taken a few night classes at the ymca, because he was the best in the bunch.as for horror? this film is not to be taken seriously. there isn't horror! they're slugs for crying out loud. the entire rising action could have been avoided with a salt shaker or two. only watch this film in a mst3k type environment, otherwise i can see some major damage to the brain.

all you really need to know about this movie comes after the opening scene, where a guy falls into a lake and gets eaten. then they start rolling the title credits: you see "slugs!" in big letters, followed shortly thereafter by "the movie." whew! i was worried i had accidentally tuned into "slugs: the musical" or "slugs: the game show." anyway, from there the movie deteriorates into a kill-fest. you see a guy cut his hand off because he had slugs in his gardening glove, two people get attacked by slugs while having sex, and a girl falling on her back in an underground passageway get stung to death by killer slugs. it's a pretty silly movie, falling in the "so-bad-it's-good" category. it also is shot so poorly with such grainy film that you're shocked to learn it was made in 1988 (my guess was 1974). i'm very surprised it has received as high a score as it has here, because most people here don't give those types of movie any love. but if you want a movie that tries to be scary but ends up being laughable, this is one of your prime candidates.

this could have been a rather entertaining film, but instead it ranks with other duds like leeches and rest in pieces at the bottom of the cinematic food chain. had they played this flick tongue-in-cheek, it could have been a very entertaining film, like re-animator or dead alive, but juan piquor simon plays it tongue-in-cheek in spots but straight more often.the premise of this film is a small community that is besieged by mutated slugs. there is an abandoned toxic waste dump near a sewer line that mutates the slugs into aggressive, meat-eating monsters - albeit monsters that move slowly and can be squished under your boot. health inspector michael garfiled and two accomplices are the only people that seem willing to fight the slugs while the sheriff and mayor think they are crazy. the climax is a laugh riot - unintentional at that - which makes you scratch your head as to how stupid (actors and screenwriter) the scenario of destroying the slugs is.story: $$ (no new ground charted here. simon seems to play the gore elements tongue-in-cheek but the dialogue is straight. had simon worked with a clever script - one with plenty of one-liners and eccentric characters, this could have been a cult film).violence: $$$ (you won't be letdown here. we get plenty of exploding chest cavity scenes as well as a grand head explosion in the middle of a fine italian restaurant. the blood and guts, that many horror film watchers enjoy, is in full swing here. you also get corpses of people who have been picked clean by the slugs and plenty of slug smashing scenes).acting: $ (wow! michael garfield seems to know that this script is a stinker and he delivers his lines with a facial expression that suggests he knows how preposterous this film-making endeavor is. kim terry, as his wife, does an adequate job even though she does little beyond the hold-your-face-while-you-scream bit. the "teenagers" were all horrible actors - no exceptions. man, this film could have used bruce dern or jeffrey combs!) nudity: $$ (two teens get naughty in bed before they get dispatched - in a poorly done scene - by a horde of slugs that crawled into the girl's bedroom. both male and female nudity here).

mike brady (michael garfield who had a minuscule part in the classic "the warriors") is the first person in the community to realize that there's murderous slugs in his small town. not just any slugs, mind you, but carnivorous killer bigger then normal, mutated by toxic waste slugs (who still only go as fast as a normal slug, which isn't that frightening, but i digress). no one will believe him at first, but they will. oh yes, they will.ok, killer slugs are right above psychotic sloths and right below johnathon winters as mork's baby in the creepiness factor. so the absurdness of it all is quite apparent from the get go. the flick is fun somewhat through and is of the 'so bad that it's good' variety. i appreciate that they spelled out that this was slugs: the movie as opposed to slugs: the children's game or slugs: the other white meat. probably not worthy of watching it more than once and promptly forgetting it except for playing a rather obscure trivia game. director juan piquer simón is more widely known for his previous films "pod people" (which mst3k deservedly mocked) and "peices" (which is quite possibly the funnest bad movie ever made) eye candy: kari rose shows t&a my grade: d+ dvd extras: merely a theatrical trailer for this movie

this is a mildly interesting late 80's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood. if you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this. the acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks, but the movie isn't a complete waste of time. the special effects are actually quite good, and the gore is well done. it reminded me of the remake of the blob, probably because of the sliminess of it all. all in all, you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time, but i wouldn't suggest seeing this movie unless you've got a strong stomach and are into this sort of thing.

i love killer insects movies they are great fun to watch, i had to watch this movie as it was one of my favourite horror books by shaun hutson.i have met him and i wish i did listen to him as this movie was terrible like he said it was,after he said that i was still dying to see how bad it was.the plot: people are dying mysteriously and gruesomely, and nobody has a clue what the cause is.only health worker mike brady has a possible solution, but his theory of killer slugs is laughed at by the authorities.only when the body count begins to rise and a slug expert from england begins snooping around does it begin to look like mike had the right idea after all.this movie as the most overacting you ever see a movie! slugs in this movie are fast (then normal) and it looks like they fast forwarding the scenes! this movie is nothing like the book at all, the book was ten times scarier, ten times gory and had a lot more story to it!i didn't like this movie at all! as i am huge fan of slugs the book and second book called breeding ground! both of books are great read the book then watch the movie, you may like more then i did give this 2 out 10

the movie "slugs" is unique because the titular vermin are actually the good guys in this horrific tale of nature gone awry. you see, these poor slugs have been mutated through the pollution of evil humans and don't mean to do anything malicious, they're just slugs- slugs with sharp teeth who eat flesh and excrete poison, but slugs none the less. the real bad guys are the humans, who either actively try to destroy our beloved slugs, or overreact when they encounter them.for example, take the scene where the guy puts on the glove full of slugs. they were just hanging out in a comfortable work glove when out of nowhere this giant hand came at them, and they reacted instinctively, defending themselves and biting the guy. now, instead of seeking medical attention for his slug bite, this guy runs around his greenhouse screaming like an idiot, spills some highly volatile chemicals, starts a fire, knocks a bookcase over on himself, and cuts off his own hand- then the fire and volatile chemicals mix and his house explodes. how can you blame that on the slugs?this movie paints a portrait of humans that is less than favorable. the characters in this movie include the dumb sheriff who hates everybody, the drunk hick who's mean to his dog, and the lumpy sidekick whose wife is at least forty-five years older than him. there's also a set of drunken teensthat get attacked while copulating, and we have to see the skinny long-haired freaks' genitals. meanwhile, there's a guy who looks like a demonic leslie neilson who yells "you don't have the authority to declare happy birthday!" for some reason. finally, this parade of loathsomeness is rounded out by the guy from the mst3k classic "pod people" whose face explodes after eating a slug-laces salad (another easily avoided fate blamed on the helpful, harmless slugs).humans are portrayed as greedy, stupid, racist, alcoholic, and, in one pointless scene, as would-be rapists. in the movie's climactic scene, the villainous humans try to burn the slugs who are cowering helplessly in the sewers, well, since they're idiots, the humans succeed in blowing up the entire town. they alone do more damage than the slugs ever did!if you hate humans, and i know i do, you'll appreciate "slugs". if you're a fan of bad cinema, you'll also appreciate this crapfest from the director of "pieces" and "pod people". there's enough bad acting, silly dialog, illogical plot twists, lame special effects, pointless scenes, and poor dubbing to hold your attention.

i just finished watching this film and wow was that bad. actually the only thing that kept me watching was that it was so monumentally bad it was kind of entertaining. the action of the characters is hilarious, from the hyper-dramatic way they fall to gunfire, to their incredibly bad acting (were the bad guys all just pulled off the street, or were they actually actors?), to incredibly bad delivery of lines, to their inexplicable actions (if you are going to try and shoot someone through a doorway as they enter, obviously the thing to do is shoot directly at the doorknob!!). this film must break some record for worst written and delivered lines.the camera work was also really bad - you can hardly see what's going on in the fight scenes due to switching camera angles and shakiness.i would have voted "1" except that i do like chiba and sidekick sue shihomi, and i was entertained by a couple of scenes: 1) breaking of a villain's arm so the bone pops out of the skin (that's gotta hurt) 2) a drug kingpin eating a brown-furred animal (a monkey??) by hacking away at the carcass with a meat cleaver 3) sonny chiba's performing some impromptu eye surgery on a guy with his fingers.i am actually a big fan of sonny chiba but this one is really not worth anyone's time. i've seen about 7 or 8 of his films and have come to the conclusion that the only ones worth watching (and they are great!) are the street fighter series, and the killing machine. i've also heard the executioner and golgo 13 are good. i recommend sticking to those ones.

lil bush is a 30 minute cartoon show comprised of 2 15 minutes episodes shown on comedy central. it takes place in a fictional, cartoonish washington d.c., and centers around the satirical, childish representations of george w. bush, condoleeza rice, donald rumsfeld and dick cheyney. other politicians are also satirized in the same manner, and act as minor characters.the pilot of little bush, much to this commentator's expectations, proved to be a rather shallow and esoteric production, which barely delivers on its featured promise: a satirical look at the current presidential administration. while one must admit that premise of the show does have some merit, even though it would be hard to imagine a show based almost completely of the denigration of a single political persona would survive to continue to produce episodes after his term of office expired, execution that can only be described as sloppy at best, and downright awful at worst, has marred what little potential the show had.lil bush, which may be technically classified as "satire", tends to disregard its actual use of the particular tool of comedy in order to lambaste its targets in exceptionally vulgar (but not particularly original, entertaining, or funny) ways. the show's consistently weak writing often consists of little more than recording bush/cheney jokes heard elsewhere ad nauseam and placing them all in a single 30 minute block of television. as such, most of the jokes that presented by the writers were shameless clichés, some of which that been in public circulation for more than 6 years already. comparing the vice president to darth vader, for example, may have been funny in the first 300 times one has heard it on the daily show/colbert report/letterman/conan o'brien/leno monologue/any late-night-talk-show-ever, but it is not funny here. as if that were not enough, the show's plots seem to exist simply as a means to advance the same old, tiresome bush jokes that the writers have made the center of the program.in the show's defense, when the writers dare to write in a truly original joke (which seems to be a rarity) it is often somewhat humorous. if the show were to expand its depth somewhat, and place its characters into new situations, exotic situations, rather than the same old mistakes and "quagmires" perpetuated by the bush administration, therefore not having to rely on the same old bush jokes over and over again, the show might be considered somewhat tolerable, and possibly even innovative.ultimately, it is difficult to ascertain which shortcoming causes the lil bush series the most damage; its clear lack of originality and weak writing quality, or its painfully narrow minded ambitions. it is reasonable to expect that lil bush will be able to maintain a small base of left wing fans, that is, if they are able to endure the exceptionally poor writing; so long as the program continues to lampoon the bush administration thoroughly. even so, the majority of viewers will soon recognize the program for what it really is, a weak and pointlessly vulgar attempt at satire, and tune out in search of something more intellectually stimulation; the price is right, perhaps.

depending entirely on your own personal state of mind when watching this, "christmas evil" can either turn out to become an ambitious and innovative psychological thriller or one of the most pathetic and infuriatingly lame holiday-themed slashers ever made. me, personally, i'm tempted to opt for the latter because i didn't bother to do any research at all and simply anticipated a cheesy and undemanding early 80's slasher with a nutcase in a santa clause costume butchering people. wrong! the movie actually handles about a bloke named harry stadling; who's obsessed with christmas, works in a rubbish toy factory and considers it to be his responsibility to determine on christmas eve who deserves presents and who deserves punishment. harry's issues all started when he witnessed santa  his daddy in a costume obviously  caress his mommy's naked legs at a tenderly young age. after that he just developed into a social outcast, much to the irritation of his younger brother, who's bound to snap one (holi)day. i fully understand why certain fans appreciate this slightly eccentric horror movie, but did it really have to be so boring? there are several overlong and seemingly endless parts of the film in which absolutely nothing happens. i can forgive the shortness of gore and outrageous bloodshed, but this movie doesn't even benefice from an unsettling atmosphere or unexpectedly demented plot twists (with the notable exception of the finale, i must admit). also, i would have taken the concept more seriously if the crazed protagonist would focus himself on lethally punishing the naughty children! he doesn't and exclusively kills misbehaving adults. how are you supposed to take wannabe controversial and original christmas thriller serious when santa doesn't even commit one miserable child murder? that would have made "christmas evil" a classic, whereas now it's just a forgettable and pitiable piece of junk.

this is one of the worst b slashers i've ever seen in my life. the ending is something you have to see to believe.the movie starts with harry standing and phillip standing sitting on the stairs with their mother watching their father come down the chimney while dressed in a santa suit. he puts the presents under the tree, eats the cookies and milk and then goes back up the chimney. phillip goes to bed but harry comes down only to find his father dressed in a santa suit sexually pleasuring his mother. then, harry goes up stairs, smashes a snow globe, grabs a shard of glass, and cuts himself.then you move on to the present. you see harry. he is a lonely man who sleeps in a santa suit and watches little kids through a pair of binoculars. he has two books. one book for good kids and the other for bad kids. he writes down everything they do in these books. the guy is a creep. he also works at the jolly dream toy factory. his brother phillip has a family and two kids and lives in a nice house.when harry finds out that his boss only cares about profits, he goes and collects all the toys and delivers them to a few kids. then, he travels to a church and kills 4 people. then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree. the kids catch him but they go back to bed. so, harry goes to the bedroom and kills the father and leaves.as he is walking towards a house, a bunch of kids spot him and run up to him. the parent's are nervous and try to get their kids to come back to them so they don't get hurt. how do they know that harry is the killer? sure, you have to be suspicious because you never know who it could be. harry gives the kids presents and the father pulls out a switch blade in an attempt to stab him in front of the kids.when harry runs off, the townsfolk light torches and follow him to kill him. they don't even know that he is the killer. when harry reaches his brother's house, his his brother and him have a little talk and phillip strangles him. he only loses consciousness. phillip loads harry back into his van. when harry wakes up, he takes off.the ending is something i could not believe. once again, you'll have to see it to believe it.one thing that bugged me was the black santa. that's right, the man in the santa suit they saw was a white man. so why did they bring in a black man?skip this and see silent night deadly night and santa's slay. you'll get your money's worth seeing those two films. they are better than this pile of garbage! i give this movie 1 star out of 10. wish i could give it 0 stars cause that is what this movie deserves.

what can possibly said about this movie other than, "viewer beware". christmas evil should come with a warning label like cigarettes do, because this was harmful to my eyes and ears. i am rarely this unsatisfied with a "b" horror flick, but this movie couldn't even bring a little scare to a five year old. the point of a relentless lunatic that has a thirst for blood in a film is that he/she should seem almost god-like, like nothing can stop their maniacal rage, but in this film the resident psychopath gets himself stuck in a chimney in a bizarre attempt to surprise his next victim and of course follow along with the all to popular legend of santa claus, it's a reminder to the viewer that this man is in no way dangerous because he's far too stupid to be dangerous. all in all a total waste of film.

the only reason to give this movie even a single star is how much the ending made me laugh. i had high hopes as i usually love bad campy holiday horror movies, but this just didn't qualify. it's really just a bad attempt at showing a character slide slowly into insanity, which again, isn't a bad plot, but is done poorly here. there are some scenes (such as the ending) which are not intended to be funny, but actually made me laugh out loud. there were a couple of times when i thought the movie would actually go in an interesting direction, but it never fulfills what it could and should be. in my opinion, if you are looking for a christmas slasher flick, try silent night, deadly night.

this (extremely)low-budget movie is compared to the great classic "silent night deadly night", since it is labeled as a slasher flick. first let me say that i think that even "silent night part 2" is better than this (that one was filled with flashbacks of the original for more than half of the movie). "christmas evil" tries to get psychological by introducing the main character as someone who goes insane,(a strong word), slowly (very slowly). he is irritated by people who do not get the true meaning of christmas and at work he can't stand how the fabricated toys are made with such lack of quality and love. dressed up as santa he finally goes on a killing spree. also a strong word, since only 3 people are killed without the real need for special effects. no tension, no thrills, no gore, no cast. for one exception that is: jeffrey demunn is in it. he is best known for playing aside tom hanks as one of the guards in the classic "the green mile". he still must be kicking himself these days for ever accepting the role. he truly is the only one who really can act, his supporting role is better than the main lead. (who also isn't that bad, but if you're overshadowed by a little supporting character, you're not great either.). and what about that strange ending ? (you have to see it, to believe it). "christmas evil" is downright boring, nothing happens and the artwork is just misleading. this is not a slasher. you wanna see a real christmas slasher, check out the all time greatest: "silent night, deadly night".

i love the 80s slasher flicks and i remember when "silent night/deadly night" was pulled from our theaters, i was very disappointed, so i was very excited to see some of these on fear.net. you better watch out was what i've come to expect of these types of movies. the quality of the special effects were laughable by today's standards, the character development too long, but all in all it was laugh out loud funny! the scenes where he loses it because santa, aka dad, is feeling up his mom and later when the mob is actually shown lighting torches - not flashlights as you would in the 80s, but real torches! - really tickled my funny bone. however, the scenes where he was checking on the kids in his neighborhood gave me a creepy feeling of a different nature. i also enjoyed trying to figure out who some of these character actors were. it took me awhile to figure out that the main character was the lovable teddy bear on brothers.

stewart kane (gabriel byrne, vanity fair) heads out with his local jindabyne, australia fishing buddies for a weekend of rest, recreation, and relaxation. but when stewart discovers an aboriginal woman's body floating face-down in a river, things appear to have turned out for the worst. the largest casualty of the weekend is the men's commonsense. they don't hike out of the ravine, and instead finish their fishing weekend with some great catches. then they head out and report the body.the town and the men's lives quickly turn into a mess. the local media swarms them, and accusations of aboriginal prejudices rear up from the local natives. stewart's wife claire (laura linney, the exorcism of emily rose) senses the deeper meanings of what her husband and his friends did, but has to battle with it through her own mental illness.amidst all this chaos is the life that was this young woman who is now a media spectacle, splayed out on a morgue slab. her murder and subsequent dumping into the water are symbolic of what lay beneath the town of jindabyne: a division of men and women, black and white, social and outcast.the only other people who seem to understand some of what is going on are two young kids: stewart and claire's son who is being led around by a half-breed aussie who's mother was killed also just a few years before. the young girl lives with her grandparents and is trying to let go of her mother the best way she can, and the discovery of a new body seems  strangely enough  a method in which to accomplish this (again, the underlying current of jindabyne is surmised).everything and everyone in this jindabyne township feels what lurks beneath its surface, yet none of them are willing to dive into the murky waters and take a look around (the symbolism here is seen when a nearby lake that is used for recreation and swimming is said to contain the old town of jindabyne under its surface). none, that is, until claire forces them to.the movie is interesting if a bit too convoluted. there are far too many story lines that needed exploring and it just doesn't get done; too many loose threads. the acting was okay, but the filming was terrible. wobbly cameras, grainy or dark shots, and just a generalized sloppiness hurt the overall production.i enjoy symbolic films, northfork being one of my all-time favorites in that vein. but jindabyne needed to peak its head above the turbid water so that it could see its own problems, which simply didn't happen.

this is an abysmal piece of story-telling. it is about an hour into the movie before we have much idea of what it is supposed to be about; the characters often mumble inaudibly; actions frequently seem to have no relation to each other; nobody seems to be concerned about who actually murdered the girl; a pair of spooky kids go swimming in waters that seem threatening but nothing happens; the irishman gets punched in the face by one of his buddies for no apparent reason ... to continue would be as boring as the movie itself. the only half-entertaining element is the landscape photography; but anyone could point a camera at the australian outback a get memorable shots. overall - dreary, incoherent, pretentious - and downright annoying for wasting so much of the viewer's time.

just too many holes in this movie to be enjoyable and worse of all a bizarre almost hollywood-like ending that is completely out of context with the rest of the movie (this is not a spoiler as you will never guess how it ends!).you will also need to be thick skinned to all sorts of politically correct undertones. the conflict between whites and blacks was highly contrived and one sided. i didn't understand why the author had the local black communinity behave in such an unacceptable manner, is he / she trying to be racist?a truly bizare movie. only watch if you like to be really annoyed by holes in the plot and like to debate all the things that may or may not have supposed to have happened.but on the positive side the filming and acting is excellent.

but "cinderella" gets my vote, not only for the worst of disney's princess movies, but for the worst movie the company made during walt's lifetime. the music is genuinely pretty, and the story deserves to be called "classic." what fails in this movie are the characters, particularly the title character, who could only be called "the heroine" in the loosest sense of the term.after a brief prologue, the audience is introduced to cinderella. she is waking up in the morning and singing "a dream is a wish your heart makes." this establishes her as an idealist (and thus deserving of our sympathy). unfortunately, the script gives us no clue as to what she is dreaming about. freedom from her servant role? the respect of her step-family? someone to talk to besides mice and birds? in one song (cut from the movie but presented in the special features section of the latest dvd) cinderella relates her wish that there could be many of her so she could do her work more efficiently. you go girlfriend! in short, cinderella is a very bland character. she passively accepts her step-family's abuse, escaping into her unspoken dreams for relief. she only asserts herself once by reminding her stepmother that she is still a member of the family. for this, she is given permission to go the ball if she completes her housework and finds something to wear, a token gesture that is clearly absurd to everyone except, of course, cinderella. can anyone see belle or jasmine being such a doormat? if cinderella is dull, her male counterpart is nothing short of lifeless. the prince in cinderella gets no dialog and almost no screen time. we are given no indication if he is a good man, if he respects cinderella or anything. all we know is 1) he is a prince and 2) he dances well. heck, even the prince from "snow white" got to sing a romantic song at least. not only does this lack of development make the romance less interesting, it makes cinderella look like either a social climber or an idiot, weakening her already tenuous appeal.perhaps realizing how dull the main characters were, the animators chose to give excessive screen time to the movie's comic relief, cinderella's friends, the mice. granted, these characters are amusing. even so, when the comic relief steals the show from the principals, well, let's just say your story has some problems.dinsey loves to proclaim all its animated features as "masterpieces." while many of them are, there are some that do not deserve this appellate in any way. cinderella is a prime example of this fact.

this film is awful. not offensive but extremely predictable. the movie follows the life of a small town family in the mid-60's. the father, the principal at the school, is going through a mid-life crisis. enter a pretty teacher from the big city who starts challenging her students' minds with some thought-provoking stuff, like think for yourself. the principal doesn't agree with her teaching but she is pretty. you can connect the dots. his teenage daughter (winona ryder wannabe tara frederick) is fed up with the small town lifestyle and wants to live. she gets some bad advice, hangs out with some bad boys and apparently family planning wasn't being taught at her school. shocking! seeing that director paul shapiro has mainly worked in tv, this movie plays like a more adult version of an after-school special or a very special episode of one of the more mundane sitcoms.

two years before he wrote and directed "arthur", steve gordon had a minor hit with his screenplay for this crackpot comedic vehicle for henry winkler, then tv's "the fonz". a 1950s college thespian (and all-around jerk) woos a co-ed and gets married without any employment prospects on the horizon; to make ends meet, he turns to the flamboyant world of wrestling, eventually becoming a "gorgeous george"-like celebrity. turning likable winkler into an obnoxious goof-off probably sounded like an interesting idea at the time (and a sure way to separate him from his television alter-ego), but the jokes and situations are often wrong-headed and mean, staged rather sloppily by director carl reiner. particularly crude is a wincing bit involving hervé villechaize (of "fantasy island") putting the moves on polly holliday (flo from "alice"). as henry's beloved, kim darby looks a little out of her element--particularly when surrounded by all these tv hams--rendering the romance aspect of the script inconsequential. *1/2 from ****

the first point that calls the attention in "for ever mozart" is the absence of a plot summary in imdb. the explanation is simple since there is no story, screenplay, plot or whatever might recall the minimum structure of a movie. jean-luc godard is one of the most overrated and pretentious directors of the cinema industry and this pointless crap is among his most hermetic films. i believe that neither himself has understood what is this story about; but there are intellectuals that elucubrate to justify or explain this messy movie, and it is funny to read their reviews. my vote is one.title (brazil): "para sempre mozart" ("forever mozart")

a female country singer nicknamed "big t"--seriously, that's what they call her--risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard (busey) who wants to be her manager. his mother committed suicide, his father's an alcoholic as well, and he has a violent temper. you can imagine where that leads. in the meantime, there's music aplenty, as parton, with her fluid vocal talents, belts out song after song (at least half a dozen of them about texas). steer clear of this mess and check her out in nine to five or steel magnolias instead.

if john waters had written and directed "house of 1000 corpses" after being struck about the head repeatedly with a heavy object, the result would probably be something like "the blood shed." it's mildly entertaining for the first half hour, but then it slides into a sort of featureless glop of constant screaming and people doing things to each others genitalia with electric carving knives, cutlery and pliers. susan adriensen (sno cakes) is incredibly annoying and terry west (elvis bullion) is almost as bad in whatever it is he's doing in front of the camera.maybe the best thing about "the blood shed" is that it won't take most viewers very long to forget about it.

eddie murphy's "delirious" is completely and totally rude, crude, crass and lude. this is indeed the only way to describe this appalling, trashy piece of stand-up. eddie murphy goes for shock value rather than laughs to try and win his following over. he does manage to be funny occasionally, but mostly loses the plot with obscene language and distasteful sex jokes.forget it! unless you happen to enjoy eddie's foul style. i don't think i will bother with "eddie murphy raw". i much prefer eddie in the confines of a movie script.saturday, january 17, 1998 - video

on the 1998 summer blockbuster hit baseketball (1998): "this is one of those movies that is usually seen on the big jumbo-tron screen in a sports bar during the day - when everyone is quite drunk. unfortunately, i was sober when i saw this movie."so quoted the late gene siskel for this lame-brained, supposed yukfest that came out two weeks after the far superior "there's something about mary" in a one-upmanship game during july of 1998. "mary" was a gross-out fest, but in addition to the many gags, it had a lot of heart, which is why it was the highest grossing comedy of that memorable summer."baseketball" tried to outdo mary, but it fizzled in more ways that one. you take the creators of "south park," trey parker and matt stone, who are fortunately not behind the movie but in front of the camera, the only member of zaz david zucker helming the picture in desperate need of a paycheck, and the other two jim abrahams and jerry zucker clearly stayed out or probably warned him against the picture, a small bit by now 90 years young ernest borgnine, wasting his precious time in his distinguished career, dying on a hotdog and singing "i'm too sexy" as he videotapes his will, jenny mccarthy, who has little screen time as borgnine's not-too-weeping trophy widow young enough to be his granddaughter, a bigger female part by yasmine bleeth as a dedicated social worker whose charges are underprivileged youngsters, and the only interesting and meaningful player in this turkey, robert vaughn as a corrupt archrival, and pointless cameos by "airplane!" alumni kareem abdul jabaar and the late robert stack who seemed nostalgic for the 1980 masterpiece and it's much fresher humor created by the zaz family. what do all these people make up? a desperate cast and crew trying to replicate "airplane!" humor and mixing it up with the crudity of "south park," but failing in every way.to make this long 100-minute movie short, "baseketball," a real game invented by david zucker and his friends in his hometown of milwaukee, is about two lazy losers (parker and stone) and their pint-sized mutual friend who invent baseball and basketball (hence the title) together on the driveway of one's house. after borgnine dies, he bequeaths the ownership of his baseketball team, the milwaukee beers to parker and stone. sure enough, the game goes national, and archrivals vaughn and mccarthy want to take away ownership of the beers team from them. but bleeth is in love with both men, particularly parker, and one poor, sick charge in need of a liver transplant goes ga-ga over them. those are the characters, not strongly developed.now witless gags ensue. blood, electroshock hair, egg-throwing and screaming are among them. parker and stone nearly kill the youngster in the hospital, but he pulls through the liver transplant. borgnine sings and rubs ointment on his chest in the videotaped will. mccarthy, who seemed to get over borgnine's death by choking on a frank right away, quickly massages vaughn in the next scene. cheerleaders dance in skimpy outfits. there is plenty of music on the soundtrack that is played for the hard of hearing. and david zucker forces the parodies of "riverdance" and "titanic." parody forcing is nothing new to zaz, post "airplane!" and "the naked gun" series.and like siskel, i was sober as well, but i was also getting sleepy. this movie should be played over and over to coarse-mannered barroom patrons who enjoy it as they chug down beers, but will they remain alert and awake, or pass out during the unfunny parts? if they pass out, then they won't realize that they are luckily missing stupidity and absurdity. hats off to them!

...and not in a good way. baseketball is a waste of film in all most every single way. it is offensive to all the senses. this doesn't necessarily bother me, i've seen plenty of bad movies, really bad movies before and will see them again. baseketball though is a caliber film where you regret wasting ninety minutes of life sitting through it. the reason baseketball offends me is that it stars trey parker and matt stone in a film they didn't write. any respect i had for david zucker has long since depleted. his recent spoof films are lazy messes that look and feel as if they were made by pre-pubescent boys snickering at penis jokes. "airplane" was a revolutionary and very funny comedy, watching baseketball you will be amazed to discover that they were made by the same person.i have so much respect for trey parker and matt stone. these men are the funniest and smartest comedians in mainstream entertainment today. their pictures and south park episodes are as relevant as they are funny. every joke even the fart jokes have intelligence behind them. it's easy to forget that there is a mature way to approach immaturity. i imagine baseketball was a major growing experience for them because they hate the film for all the right reasons. it is a stupid mess with no sense of dignity or class. parker and stone have essentially whored themselves out. the film plays like a 90 minute episode of family guy.parker and stone have never been great actors. they've been serviceable in their films. i can't really find a way to describe their performance in baseketball, other than the fact that it feels like they are spoofing a spoof film spoofing a spoof film. every line is delivered in such a silly winking way. it's like they are trying to make fun of the worst of these type of pictures and yet they become them in the same way. i am reminded of the south park episode "how to eat with your butt" where cartman sits in a movie theater watching a gross out comedy with no plot or plausibility except to gross out, parker and stone use the same voices they did in that scene for this entire picture. really it's sad.and yet that is not my problem with baseketball. my biggest gripe with the picture is that i sit there knowing that parker and stone are knowingly following this piece of crap script. i know that if they took the damn thing and rewrote it that this could have been salvaged to the point of being watchable. there isn't any indication that zucker let them improv scenes either. parker and stone are merely tools to a bad director. baseketball has some funny concepts and i think parker especially if he were allowed to take zuckers script could have elaborated on them more. instead we get potty humor. don't rent baseketball you can get the same laughs watching a group of grade schoolers joking around

sophia loren plays aida, in one of the worst films of all time. she can't lipsync. in terms of production values, the film is so bad, that at one point, while loren is mouthing "o patria mia," she leans onto what looks to be a stone wall for support, and the canvas set billows and shakes.

i suppose that today this film has relevance because it was an early sofia loren film. she was 19 years old when the film was made in 1953.i viewed this film because i wanted to see some of sofia loren's early work. i was surprised when she came on camera having had her skin bronzed over in brown makeup to resemble an ethiopian princess. surely, today, this would have been viewed as a slur and to be avoided in movie making. it actually became annoying watching ms. loren in skin color paint throughout the film.yes, this film would have been better made if the real opera singers had made this movie. then, the singing and the actual facial gestures of the real artists would have been apparent. i discount the comments by others about whether the real opera singers are older and heavier in weight.as beautiful as ms. loren was at age 19 and still is today, the film would have been better received as though it were being performed on the stage. after all, we don't see beautiful young people on stage with "old opera singers" back stage singing from behind the curtain! do not discount the success of using heavy-weight opera singers. one only has to refer to the most artistically produced television commercial for the j. g. wentworth company with the opera singers on stage singing so professionally the praises of the company's product. this is one of the best and entertaining tv commercials produced to date.the quality of the movie print also makes this production of a somewhat lesser quality. the color ink has faded much and that can not be helped.to improve this film on dvd the production company should add english language subtitles so that we, who do not speak italian, can know what the lyrics are saying. it would help the story and teach it more than the narrator giving 30 seconds of introduction to the scenes.watch this film not because of the story of aida nor the fact that this is an opera. aside from ms. sofia loren none of her co-actors are known nor remembered by this writer. instead, watch this movie if you are a fan of ms. loren and wish to see her at age 19 -- no matter what the production is.larry from illinois

1937's "stella dallas" with barbara stanwyck hasn't exactly aged well--how anyone thought a semi-updated version of the story would work now is a real puzzler. perhaps they thought jaunty, cheerfully brash bette midler could make something out of it, but this hoary script defeats her. plot about a female bartender having a baby out of wedlock, and years later giving the young girl over to the child's wealthy father so she'll have a shot at a better life, can't escape tatty, old-fashioned trappings and sentiment. midler works best with a movie director who can control her excesses, but that fails to happen here; stephen collins is stolid as the man who changes her life, but trini alvarado is well-cast as midler's daughter. this is what used to be referred to as a "woman's picture", a wallow, but it doesn't pass muster because it stays too faithful to its 1930's origins. *1/2 from ****

"stella", starring bette midler in the title role, is an unabashed tearjerker. set in upstate new york, stella claire works nights as a bar maid, pouring and dancing in a workingman's saloon. one night, in comes a slumming medical intern, stephen dallas, who woos stella, and in the course of their affair impregnates her. she spurns both his offers of marriage and abortion, sends him packing to a lucrative medical career, and raises her daughter herself in near-poverty. flash-forward 16 years and the daughter has grown into a gorgeous, loving, young lady. dr. dallas is not out of the picture, still maintaining a tenuous, but caring relationship with his daughter and..i'm rambling, and worse yet, making the movie sound somewhat interesting. the acting and screenwriting are so over-the-top you'll let out a groan in almost every scene. the chief offender is bette midler, but close behind is john goodman as her alcoholic buddy. each scene seems more contrived than the preceding right up to the finale, which is truly a hoot. taken as a dramatic piece, this film rates no more than grade d, but as camp, it scores an unintended b+.

an unmarried woman named stella (bette midler) gets pregnant by a wealthy man (stephen collins). he offers to marry her out of a sense of obligation but she turns him down flat and decides to raise the kid on her own. things go ok until the child named jenny (trini alvarado) becomes a teenager and things gradually (and predictably) become worse.i've seen both the silent version and sound version of "stella dallas". neither one affected me much (and i cry easily) but they were well-made if dated. trying to remake this in 1990 was just a stupid idea. i guess midler had enough power after the incomprehensible success of "beaches" to get this made. this (predictably) bombed. the story is laughable and dated by today's standards. even though midler and alvarado give good performances this film really drags and i was bored silly by the end. stephen collins and marsha mason (both good actors) don't help in supporting roles. flimsy and dull. really--who thought this would work? see the 1937 stanwyck version instead. i give this a 1.

yes, this movie make me feel real horror, when i realized that i paid for it and spent more than 1 hour of my life trying to watch it. the bald guy just give me the impression of being a psycho - junkie actor and the girl is the worst actress i ever seen . believe me if you appreciate your time avoid this movie, i understand a movie requires money to be created and some movies do not have that money but that is no justification for a stupid plot and bad acting. i'm always supporting independent movies, when it deserves the support, but movies like this makes a bad name for this kind of movies. i'm still traumatized. i will not trust in any nice cover anymore.

i wrote a review of this movie further down after buying it on dvd and being sorely disapointed.i tried watching it again after reading a few of the comments made since then. being a film student and making similar budgeted movies myself (ie no budget, shot on digi cam), i stand by my original comments. this is a no budget student project (and not a particularly good one), released on video/dvd to look like an award winning film (if you read the cover). so deceving the public into thinking it's something it's not. i want my money back under the trades description act! complete rubbish!

after buying the dvd in a bargain bin due to the impressive amount of features listed on the cover, i popped it in the dvd player and everything looked good. nice animated menus and a whole lot of extra features...but when i played the movie itself, what a let down. it is the worst thing i have ever seen and i have seen some bad movies in my time. the comment that praises the movie here at imdb is actually from the people who made the film. so don't believe it unless you like to waste your cash!

canadians are too polite to boo but the audience at the toronto film festival left the theater muttering that they would rate this film 0 or 1 on their voting sheets. the premise is that a modern filmmaker is interpreting a 17th century fable about the loves of shepherds and shepherdesses set in the distant past when druids were the spiritual leaders. working in three epochs presents many opportunities to introduce anachronisms including silly and impractical clothing and peculiar spiritual rites that involve really bad poetry. lovers are divided by jealousy and their rigid adherence to idiotic codes of conduct from which cross-dressing and assorted farcical situations arise. the film could have been hilarious as a monty python piece, which it too closely resembles, but rohmer's effort falls very flat. the audience laughed at the sight jokes but otherwise bemoaned the slow pace. the ending comes all in a rush and is truly awful. this is a trivial film and a waste of your movie going time.

it's been said several times - not least by me - that watching an eric rohmer film is like watching paint dry; it seems that monsieur rohmer resents this (he doesn't deny it, but then how could he, he just resents it) so much so that his new movie, which may also be his last, inch allah, is set so far back in time that it's like watching woad dry. those wonderful people who gave you the nouvelle vague, cahiers du cinema have already named it one of the best films of 2007 so that should give you some idea. reality is not high on rohmer's agenda so that in 5th century france we have at one extreme a château that would not be out of place in the loire valley whilst the only other dwelling we see is a rude wooden hut. the story involves nymphs and shepherds and as he often does rohmer has cast it with unknowns who just happened to be passing so that the overall effect is that the annual class play at a school for special needs pupils was captured on film by accident. one is almost tempted to say 'come back godard, all is forgiven' but even this woeful production can't make me utter those words.

the movie has only one flaw, unfortunately this flaw damages all credibility of the piece.it starts with the condemnation of the israeli occupation of disputed territories. it fails to address the reason israelis are there. egypt, syria, iraq and jordan attacked israel. this is why israel "occupys" their land, because those countries lost it in a war they started.the film also claims that israel has defied the u n by not complying with resolution 242. problem is, 242 was rejected immediately upon it's inception by.....the palestinians, making it void.many films are put together well, and can really show footage that changes minds, but remember, when watching anything, believe none of what you hear, and only half of what you see.all participants in this film are known critics of israel, and some have made many antisemitic public comments, removing any possible credibility to their words.all participants are in dire need of a actual history lesson taught objectively, not by some palestinian sympathizer.

dont ever ever ever consider watching this sorry excuse for a film. the way it is shot, lit, acted etc. just doesn't make sense. it's all so bad it is difficult to watch. loads of clips are repeated beyond boredom. there seems to be no 'normal' person in the entire film and the existence of the 'outside world' is, well, it just doesn't exist. and why does that bald guy become invincible all of a sudden? this film is beyond stupidity. zero.

a propaganda film for the palestinian "cause". if you were expecting an unbiased documentary on the israeli-palestinian conflict, you will need to look elsewhere. if you are an anti-semite (or merely an anti-zionist---nothing wrong with advocating the destruction of a country, right?) or uncritically in support of palestinian goals (e.g., mass murder, the destruction of israel), this is the documentary for you. should make for an entertaining evening on college campuses around the uk and us. however, any informed and intellectually honest person would be outraged at the sheer number of lies presented in this video. i just hope those who truly are unaware of the situation aren't corrupted by this anti-semitic filth.

the story line was very straight forward and easy to follow and contained a lot of no-brainer comedy to a point where it just got boring. some of the audience seemed to find it funny but i like more intelligent humor.there were several known swedish actors in the movie and their performance were decent considering the script. lena endre was good looking as always.i don't remember the original movie so i can't say if it's better or worse.if you enjoy movies like sällskapsresan this movie might be worth taking a look at.

this must be one of the worst swedish movies ever made. it is embarrassing that such a bad script was allowed to become a movie and shown in cinemas as recently as year 2006.i've never seen so many visible sponsored products in one and the same movie. it shouldn't be that obvious. i can't understand why so many known actors even thought the idea to even be visible in a movie like this. if i had any respect for some of the known actors in this movie before i saw the movie, it is gone for sure now. i've heard that there will be a follow up movie to this one and i can't understand how that is even possible.

...for one of the worst swedish movies ever...forgive me for being dull.first of all i haven't seen the first one (i was bored that's my reason for watching the 2nd before the 1st one), well i hope the first one is better than this, it was filled with weird cut scenes and very strange plot changes, for the people that have seen this and think 4/10 is high (belive me so do i), but it made me laugh a few times, because it was so bizarre so bad and i still laugh thinking of the punk that came up with this idea, what's next "det sjunde inseglet ii". sequels not based on novel or book doesn't turning out great to often, and this is a perfect example of one.ok i'm gonna be honest with you: i did laugh a bit, it got a few decent jokes in it and slapstick humor. but don't buy it, rent it. just let some other idiot do it or download it.4/10 this movie will be remembered and the director is probably laughed out already...

this is not an all-around terrible comedy, but it is very dull. it has barely any laughs, and it wastes its lavish production values. there is one poignant moment near the end, when fu manchu offers a dose of his elixir to his "nemesis" and tells him that "you've been my one worthy adversary; and now we can start all over again". that scene, however, along with burt kwouk's amusing cameo in the beginning, are the only memorable parts of the movie. (*1/2)

an unfunny, unworthy picture which is an undeserving end to peter sellers' career. it is a pity this movie was ever made.

i don't have much to say about this movie. it could have been a wonderful tour-de-force for peter sellers, but it is one of the most tragic misfires in movie history. that it was sellers final movie makes it all the more painful.the terrible screenplay, direction and shockingly wooden performances all come dreadfully together to make this one of the most unwatchably awful movies ever made.i wish so much that i could find even a snicker or a chuckle buried somewhere in this pile of putrid blubber, but it's a lifeless, humorless disaster. the truth hurts.peter, why couldn't you have stopped at being there?

this may not be the very worst movie peter sellers ever did (i think that laurel goes to "the prisoner of zenda") but it is surely the most depressing. sellers, especially sans makeup as nayland smith, looks like he has just undergone chemotherapy. as fu manchu, he looks hardly better and spends most of the film (with the exception of those strangely disturbing scenes where he gets jolted with electrical currents) on the verge of collapsing under the weight of all that makeup. the supporting players also look tired and run down, and sid caeser's presence is offensive even without his constant references to "chinks!" (one bright spot: this would be one of the last times a major motion picture would portray asians so insultingly ... or, for that matter, star a non-asian as one!). the film seems surprisingly cheap, with soupy photography and drab sets - even the whiz-bang elvis number at the end looks cut-rate. only the stunning helen mirren and the tall, thin, nervous guy who get his pants wet add any sparks of life to this sad affair. all in all, this film provides an eerie premonition of a great comic's death, and an even eerier documentation of his dying.

it's one of the funny things about being young that one can be fooled easily by advertising. i have spoken before on another film,in which the commercial for the (comedy) film makes it seem funnier than it is. seeing the ad for this in 1981 made me think this was going to be a wildly funny film. what i and my brother who went and saw it with me didn't know is that the scene used in the tv ad was the very last scene in the film! since this scene is the end result of all that came before in the film,i can only guess that there was nothing else funny to use! the last scene is,thanks to a youth potion,dr. fu manchu turns from a long bearded old man,into a bright young asian/elvis like rock star! (with back up singers no less!) set for no real reason,in the 1930's,peter sellers does his best with the material at hand but he's not given any really good reason for his "comedic" moments. the rest of the actors were just plain dull and my brother and i sat all through this barely laughing at anything. it was only natural that we were expecting a "pink panther" type comedy,peter sellers was so great at that. it's a pitiful shame this was his last film before he died. his appearance on the muppet show was more entertaining than this ill-conceived flop. still,i don't fault him. i fault everyone else involved for not trying to make a better film of this. 2 stars is being generous!!

....shut it off. the prologue with fu manchu's birthday, and the opening credits of the assassins training, is amusing. then it drops off faster than hair sprayed with neat. look for a cameo by cato in the beginning, with a figurative wink at the audience.

ok so here's the basic plot. it is 1933, peter sellers is dr fu manchu, a 168 year old chinese man who has lived quite a long time. the film opens with his birthday in which he celebrates by drinking a special elixir that (even the film never mentions) prolongs his life. well on this occasion the elixir is clumsily dropped by an assistant (kato if you remember the pink panther movies) and he orders his minions to then go find 6 rare items to make the elixir. this creates a global man hunt in which his henchmen end up robbing museums of diamonds and venturing into london, to meet up with dr fu's nemisis, a retired scotland yard detective nayland smith, also played by sellers who tries to stop him in what is suppose to be a witty comedic adventure.this was apparantly sellers last full length feature film that he made before he died. the terrible tragedy is that he was in it. sellers who is such a gifted comedian and has had memorable 'funny' roles in the panther movies and particualrly in the movie 'the party', is anything but that in this film. this film was absolute torture to sit through and i couldn't even finish it. he completly dies and i kept cringing while watching sellers performance. after coming of the great work of 'being there' a year earlier how, i mean how can he make this and how did this thing even get made??? like one person mentioned the first 10..15 minutes are ok but then it is all downhill...avoid like the plague.rating 1 out of 10.

even if one didn't realize that sellers was in poor health at the time of filming and passed away before the film's release, the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu would be painful viewing. it is supposedly a lampoon of sax rohmer's famous oriental villain but it lacks any focus. the potential for satirical commentary on the anti-oriental overtones of rohmer's concept are ignored. indeed, the movie employs racist insults. there are hardly any actual jokes or gags, just mostly actors behaving idiotically and spouting dreary lines. it is especially distressing to see sid caesar forced to spout curses and racial slurs for attempted laughs. most of the other actors embarrass themselves as well.and then there's peter sellers. he plays the dual roles of the sinister fu manchu, who is trying to concoct a formula to regain his youth and his stalwart british foe nayland smith. sellers isn't one hundred per cent bad; he conveys a quirky warmth as smith when he discusses his fetishistic attachment to his lawn mower and he's oddly moving as manchu when he expresses his love for english music hall entertainment. but most of the time, he plays both roles with a weary grimness, thus further sabotaging any comical possibilities. sellers' routines where he revitalizes his fading strength with electric shocks are particularly excruciating; he seems too convincingly agonized to be funny. a few genuinely witty lines, an apt slapstick bit by burt kwouk (cato in the pink panther films) as one of manchu's minions, and helen mirren's amusing musical numbers cannot salvage this mess. if anyone wants to understand why peter sellers is considered a comedic genius, they won't learn anything from the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu.

there's no getting around it-- this movie is terrible. i've seen the old christopher lee/fu manchu movies, i'm familiar with the characters and it's serial origins, but it's still just godawful. however, peter sellers' genius still shines through with his portrayal of nayland smith, with echoes of sadness, tragedy, and strength simmering through a stoic facade; it's a performance i place on par with peter cushing's portrayal of van helsing but done in a tenth of the cumulative screen time of all cushing's "dracula" movies. if the movie was done in a more serio-comic vein like bubba ho-tep by way of the 1960's avengers tv show, this could've been something special. if you're a fu manchu or peter sellers completest, this is something you need to see, but it's a pass for anyone else.

ok now, lets see. what was funny in the first movie? i know, people with funny accents, people falling into the water, silly boat crashes and funny comments between the two teams. in this movie they have twisted the accent part to the max, no good. a whole a lot of people are falling into the water for uncertain reasons, no good. boatcrash, check. funny comments between the two teams, they tried but failed. also, there are too may personalities they are following in this movie. this film should be about what is happening on the water, not on land. i am sorry to say that there is too far between the funny parts and the sponsors of the film are exploited to the max. no good. all in all, i give it four out of ten since it has some funny parts.

it is true that some fans of peter sellers work may be disappointed with this, his last venture. but surely any fan of sellers will find delight in all of his films, simply because of the man's huge talent. and the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu is certainly no exception. unfortunately this would prove to be sellers last film, (it was even released after his death), but it's still nice to see how the man had managed to keep his irreplaceable talent right until his untimely demise. and not only do we get one sellers, but we get to, for sellers plays not only the title role but also his nemesis, the equally bizarre nayland smith, the detective on the hunt for the crazed 168 year old fu. the story is equally outlandish as we follow fu's outrageous antics to make his age-defying elixir and also nayland and his group of associates trying to prevent him. just like any of sellers greater films, the film comes with a guaranteed impeccable performance from him, as well as many of his familiar-faced co-stars - david tomlinson, sid caesar, john le mesurier, clive dunn and helen mirren to name a few. it's also nice to see pink panther stalwart burt kwouk (cato) enjoying a cameo with sellers - albeit playing the same role, but still nice. the story is indeed pretty ridiculous, as are many of the characters involved, which classes this as a film strongly under the goon influence. and, although it never reaches the heights of goon comedy, there are plenty of amusing jokes that seem to point in the right direction. the film failed commercially on it's initial release due to the entire world mourning after sellers' death (the film was released less than 3 weeks after)and there is always that sorrowful thought lurking in the back of your mind when viewing it that this was sellers last film. it's far from a great film - it's often slow, too ridiculous, and sometimes the jokes simply aren't there - but it is nevertheless enjoyable - if only for another top rate performance from peter sellers.

i can hardly believe i watched this again last night after more than 25 years...some time back, i watched 6 fu films in a row... boris karloff, and all 5 chris lees. the last 2 lees, both directed (and i use that word loosely) by jess franco, were abominable. at the time, i skipped this one, remembering that, in some ways, it was even worse.well, i watched it. never again. you know what's worse that an abominable film? a really well-made piece of s***. and that's what fiendish plot is. it is a very good-looking movie. great production design, sets, costumes, music, photography, editing, mostly good cast, some decent acting......and absolutely, positively, one of the worst scripts in movie history!!!!! aaaugh!!!!! the first minute of the film is so deceptive... one might mistake this for a decent movie. and then they start singing "happy birthday to fu"... and it goes downhill. having burt kwouk (of whom his master says, "your face-- is familiar.") accidentally pour out fu's elixir vitae to put out a fire, resulting in his being condemned to torture, burial and having one of his ears cut off, was the closest thing to funny they had. it was like someone decided they wanted to do a "campy" film-- so ridiculous it would be funny. ridiculous, it is... funny... it ain't. at all.it's sad, because it's clear in the first few minutes that someone did a lot of research into the fu manchu series in order to get so much of it "right". with a different script-- either a really funny one, or a dead serious one, they might have-- could have-- should have-- had a classic on their hands. a film that could have made one forget the horror of those jess franco atrocities... instead of making one want to dig them out as masterpieces, by comparison.there was a period in the late 70's when a whole slew of classic 30's characters were revived in movies that were universally awful. buck rogers, flash gordon, tarzan, the lone ranger, charlie chan, even doc savage. i'm not sure, this one may be the worst of the lot. it took great self-control not to fast-forward over whole sections of it, especially any scenes containing sid caesar (fbi chief who was also al capone's cousin-- you see what i mean?). it isn't just that the ideas in the film aren't funny... they often make no sense whatsoever. like when they "audition" police officers to impersonate the king and queen, and we wind up seeing people "audition" dance-hall routines like singing, dancing, and riding a unicycle. how many drugs did the writers of this thing have to take for any of this to make sense to them? as i said, a shame... and a real waste of all that talent, including that of peter sellers (who played both fu and nayland smith), burt kwouk (who'd been in a chris lee fu film in his time), helen mirren (the police woman who shockingly falls in love with the villain and damn near steals the last half-hour of the film!). i begin to wonder if anyone will ever make a "proper" fu manchu film, or if fans will have to settle for karloff's being almost the only one?

the fiendish plot of dr. fu manchu starring peter sellers in a spoof of the characters created by sax rohmer is an injustice to the end of sellers' career. the plot was very simplistic, and if done the right way could have been handled nicely, but instead it was poorly executed. part of the reasons why this film wasn't that good was the poor dialog, cheap laughs, choppy directing, and an awkward feeling that the film was somewhat incomplete.the acting, on the other hand, was really the only thing that kept my interest during this mixed up picture. i found sellers portrayal of diabolical manchu brilliantly done, with the occasional lines that will be remembered. for example, there is the scene where fu manchu is confused which henchman is which in which he says "ah, you all look the same to me." i hate to admit it, but i laughed out loud with that line.then of course a fistful of strong supporting characters really caught my attention with the likes of helen mirren as the backstabbing constable, david tomilson as sir roger avery (his last film as well, not a way to end a career), and sid ceasar (who gives a rather whimsical performance of al capone's relative who works for the fbi). these characters also kept me watching.the sets were also nice. oriental designs and english society in 1933 was depicted with elegance in this dud-of-a-picture.in all honesty, my advice to you is to watch the film if you are a peter sellers or sid ceasar fan. otherwise, you're better off settling on chewing aluminum foil.

this is strictly a review of the pilot episode as it appears on dvd.television moved out of my life in 1981, so i never followed the series or any part of it - which means that i'm immune to the nostalgic charm that moonlighting appears to have for most reviewers. (possible spoiler warning) the pilot of moonlighting is your basic "caveman meets fluffball" yarn, where a "charming" red-blooded he-man manipulates a misguided woman into realizing what she really wants and needs. the premises that the script's "wit" is based on must have already felt stale around 1950. it also contains some frankly bad writing, as in the scene where maddie demolishes the furnishings instead of shooting the villain, strictly in order to prove herself the inept female in need of masculine assistance. i often feel that susan faludi overreacts in seeing male chauvinist conspiracy in simple entertainment, but in this particular case i'm all with her - moonlighting has backlash stamped all over it. in one sense, however, this dvd is a must for all serious bruce willis fans: in addition to the pilot episode, it contains the screen test that landed willis the job. both features show to what amazing extent willis' acting ability developed between 1985 and 1988/89 (die hard 1, in country). impressive! rating (and i _am_ a bruce willis fan): 2 out of 10

i tried to like this program; i really did. i even bought the pilot film, first on vhs and later on dvd. however, i couldn't get into this story because its two main characters: "david" (bruce willis) and "maddie" (cybill shepherd) just seemed to in love with themselves, for one thing. i admit was some clever dialog in the shows, which was a key part of the success of the tv program, and i did appreciate of lot of that dialog. basically, this was almost like the old screwball comedy movies of the '30s and '40s with male versus female. you get lots of arguing, accusations, yelling and screaming. a lot of people apparently love that sort of bickering, but i hate it, so i never got on the moonlighting bandwagon. only allyce beasley as the hapless aide "agnes," was entertaining. it's too bad she had such little air time. shepherd was nice on the eyes and i suppose women would say the same for willis, but too much arguing between the two finally turned me off.

oh, sam mraovich, we know you tried so hard. this is your magnum opus, a shining example to the rest of us that you are certainly worth nomination into the academy of motion picture arts and sciences (as you state on your 1998-era web site). alas, it's better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and remove all doubt. with ben & arthur, you do just that.seemingly assembled with a lack of instruction or education, the film's screenplay guides us toward the truly bizarre with each new scene. it's this insane excuse of a story that may also be the film's best ally. beginning tepidly, the homosexually titular characters ben and arthur attempt to marry, going so far as to fly across country to do so, in the shade of vermont's finest palm trees. but, all of this posturing is merely a lead-in for blood. then more blood, and more and more blood. i mean, there must be at least $20 in fake blood make-up in the final third of this film.the film in its entirety is a technical gaffe. from the sound to the editing to the music, which consists of a single fuzzy bass note being held on a keyboard, it's a wonder that the film even holds together on whatever media you view it on. it's such a shame then that some decent amateur performances are wasted here.no matter, sam. i'm sure you've made five figures on this flick in rentals or whatever drives poor souls (such as myself) to view this film. sadly, we're not laughing with you.

when the film began, i was shocked to see it was filmed using a cheap video camera! in fact, the camera shakes and looks worse than the average home movie. even direct to dvd films should have production values better than this! heck, a large percentage of the home videos uploaded to youtube have better production values! all too often, the film seriously appears to be made by sticking the camera on a tripod and turning it on--with no camera person! closeups and anything resembling camera-work are absent in some scenes where they might have worked and in others there are too many or poorly framed closeups. yecch! the film is about two gay men who want to become married. as if was made almost a decade ago, their only option was marrying in vermont--times have definitely changed. however, the recent acceptance of gay marriage cannot in any way be attributed to this film--if anything, it set the gay marriage supporters back instead of helping as the movie stinks and never really tries to seriously address the issue. according to the film, religious people are one-dimensional idiots who carry bibles everywhere and shoot people as well as wives who have gay husbands are narrow-minded when they learn their spouses have been living a lie--go figure. i'm sure glad it gives an honest chance to both sides on the issue! the bottom line--nothing about the film shows any professionalism at all and i even hesitate to call this a film. it's more like a home movie and doesn't even merit a listing on imdb or even inclusion on imdb's bottom 100 list of the worst rated films of all time. the acting is horrible, the writing is horrible, the direction (if there even is any) is horrible, the camera-work is horrible and the plot is horrible. it's a home movie!! there is nothing positive i can say about this in any way except that it makes the films of ed wood seem like oscar contenders in comparison and i am sure the ghost of mr. wood is smiling every time someone watches this mess! i don't care if you are gay or straight--this film is not worth your time and i don't know how they managed to create dvds of it. i assume one of the actors burns them on his home computer during his free time! seriously, this gives new meaning to the word 'bad'!by the way, if the one lady in the film was a real lawyer, wouldn't the ability to read be an important prerequisite?! i'm just sayin'.finally, with gay marriage being such a serious and important topic, can't we have a film that's better than this that addresses the issue?! this one, sadly, only invites laughter.

what can i say, this is a piece of brilliant film-making that should have won an oscar. a copy should be kept safe in a secure vault for posterity. it should be required viewing for all high school students across the world. sam mraovich is a genius, perhaps the most genius writer/director/producer/chef/babysitter/walmart greeter to ever grace the cinema world with his art.where do i begin with this one? every millisecond of ben and arthur was so completely breathtaking! and mraovich as arthur, wow, he is so attractive i'm surprised he didn't go for mr. universe. i couldn't contain myself during the nude scene. i loaned this movie to my brother and he called me on the phone saying how arthur's nude scene turned him gay. i am totally supportive of course, because of this film and it's beautifully crafted lessons in tolerance. why just yesterday i burned down a church and i wrote "for sam and arthur" in its smoldering ashes.the cinematography was the best thing about this film. when that fed-ex plane took to the skies amid the palm trees of vermont, i wept! why, i never even knew they had palm trees in vermont or that people could travel on fed-ex planes before this film. it opened my eyes to a new realm of possibilities. this film inspired me to enroll in sam mraovich's school of screen writing, acting, directing, composing, casting, producing, production design and real estate. i just want to say, "thank you, mr. mraovich. thank you for bringing this creation into the world. we can never re-pay you enough."

worst film ever, this is a statement that people here on imdb often throw around. whether it's an uwe boll movie, bad classics like manos the hands of fate or the latest no brains summer action fest from michael bay, people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that on the board they're posting that there is nothing worse in the movie world.i envy these people, because they're blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole of crap movie making really goes. there are films out there so bad, so hideous, so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that cults form around them to celebrate their awfulness and their discussion boards are the kindest places on the internet due to everyone agreeing unanimously that said film is really that bad.ladies and gentlemen, i present to you ben and arthur, an 85 minute gay epic that is so utterly bad that it's a lot like a violent car crash, you know it's awful but you can't stop looking at it. the brainchild of self proclaimed "hollywood actor, director" and may i add beached whale sam mraovich, this film is legendarily terrible. let me give you a hint of how ego driven this project was. mr mraovich not only directed this film, he wrote it, produced it, executive produced it, scored it, edited it and then finally starred in it. this is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing of his non existent genius that like someone with an ugly child he fails to recognise just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is.everything in this film fails on an epic level, the acting is the worst you will ever witness, the plot is the most ridiculous, the editing and cinematography is the most amateur and even the music is like nails on a chalkboard. i'm aware i've gone on a bit of a tangent here, but please believe me that this film is really as bad as i describe it, i would say this film is horse crap squished into a film reel, but the truth is it wasn't even shot on film, it was shot on a digital camcorder not much better than the one sitting in your closet right now gathering dust. don't get me wrong, i forgive low budgets for films provided the concept is interesting, for example as much as i disliked it the blair witch project proved that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting film. ben and arthur does not have a good concept to fall back on, even if this film was shot on a budget of 20 million with hollywoods finest actors it would still suck, the plot is that atrocious, and the characters are even worse. one of the main characters arthur who is portrayed by non other than sam mraovich is one of the most whiny loathsome little turds ever put in a film. you'll dislike him within 5 minutes of the start of the film and by the end of the film that hate will have turned into outright loathing. apparently mr mraovich forgot that we're supposed to root for the hero.i don't want to spoil all the gut busting hilarity you'll experience watching this film (which i urge you not to pay for) so i will give you two tame mild examples of how stupid this film is, tame and mild as in amongst the least offending mistakes in the movie. in one cut we hear one of the main characters say how "they know a good lawyer and will give him a call" the shot fades out then fades back in and this him they spoke of earlier is actually a woman, quite a spectacular mistake to make in post production i think. the second is simple, seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer the characters are told to fly to vermont, we then cut to a shot of a plane landing amongst palm trees in a sunny area. i've never been to vermont personally but i'm certain you won't find any palm trees there.imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched to nearly an hour and a half combined with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10 and it still won't fully prepare you for ben and arthur. imagine the absolute worst film you've seen in your life and imagine it being even worse and you still won't be on the same level as ben and arthur, this film is really that bad.however we should be glad in a way, films like this are a true rarity. they give us hope that one day we can become film makers ourselves or that we can be screenwriters. simply because we'll have a new found sense of confidence due to the fact that we'll know that nothing we produce no matter how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this.the real worst movie of all time has finally been discovered, and it is called ben and arthur.

i don't know what it is about this movie- director sam mraovich somehow messed up just about every little aspect in this movie. i would normally say that this is a movie that should not exist, but this movie may be the most important of all time. this movie should exist for the sole purpose of being without a doubt 'the worst movie ever made'. i've seen bad movies in my lifetime, but this somehow breaks what i considered bad into something much more hard to imagine.everything in this movie is hilarious, but the single funniest thing is that mraovich himself considers this to be a great movie.oh wow...

(review in english, since swedish is not allowed)i saw this movie with extremely low expectations, and i can sadly inform you that the movie barely lived up to them.as much as i loved to see janne "loffe" karlsson on the big screen again, the writers should have realized early in the scriptwriting process that seven people falling into the water, isn't original or funny. the story is very thin and the jokes are used and predictable, the ones that ain't, is just plain boring. i smiled like three times during the entire film.the placement of swedish findus products is (unintentionally) funny, why not just a big sign saying; "findus made it happen!".göta kanal 2 doesn't need to be seen at the cinema or on dvd, just wait for it to air on tv, it wont take too long.

phew--i don't what to say. this is a film that could be really good a with a bunch of stoned viewers. some of the acting reminded me of john waters' early offerings. perhaps i should take that back--i don't want to insult waters' ability as a director/storyteller.i particularly loved the lawyer taking about the "full faith and credibility" clause. it's "full faith and credit," by the way!this also reminds me of "the conrad boys," where the main actor is also the writer, director, film editor, etc. those sort of multi-involved undertakings such as that are probably best left to very seasoned film professionals who would have the technical ability (albeit a stunt, some might say) to pull something off like that.

oh man, what was sam mraovich thinking? what was anyone who was involved in this "film" thinking? mraovich is the head of nearly everything of "ben and arthur": director, writer, producer (also executive producer!), caster, lead star- you name it, he did it. and he (mraovich) sucks more than anyone has ever sucked in every department of film making.so what is wrong with this film? everything. the film is about two gay lovers, ben (jamie brett gabel) and arthur (mraovich- *groan*). ben and arthur want to get married in a world where everyone basically hates gay people. to make things worse, ben's crazy "ex-wife" (they don't exactly divorce), tammy (julie belknap) is steaming mad that ben's left her for another man and demands ben that they get back together (saying that she can be gay, too!) and arthur's christian devoted, excessively hypocritical, equally batty as tammy brother, victor, is hell bent on making arthur turn straight and then try to kill him after he gets kicked out of his church.the film is absolutely chock a block with so many goofs (ie. ben and arthur fly to vermont to get married- they go there on alaska airlines and vermont has palm trees; they fly back on a fedex cargo plane- hope they were comfy in a wooden crate, plus many, many more) and plot holes to boot (victor calls killing arthur "the final plan" which later changes to "the final deed"; arthur and the private (intern) detective drive the same car, blah, blah, blah). the "actors" are all very bad and are way, way over the top; the script is laughably horrible(one such example is "i don't make sense? you don't make sense! i make sense, that's who makes sense!") and there so much more wrong with the "movie" that i can't write them all down.however, the most laughable yet unbelievable thing about "ben and arthur" is that sam mraovich thinks that he has created something that is truly fantastic (see his fake reviews for "ben & arthur" and obvious comments by him on youtube.). mraovich is narcissistic and his arrogance blinds him from seeing how awful anything with his name on it really is.so, to conclude, forget every bad film that you claim is the worst movie ever- "ben and arthur" will knock them right off that title, even paris hilton movies look like "the dark knight" compared to the monstrosity known as "ben and arthur".

just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself. seriously, even if you read all the negative comments on here you will be nowhere near able to comprehend how awful this film actually is, although it has to be one of the most hilarious things i have ever seen! never bothered to post a comment on here before, but this piece of crap really warrants it. firstly the entire plot is ridiculous and nonsensical. brother of the lead character (either ben or arthur, i forget which is which, and frankly it's never very clear) wants to stop some kind of gay marriage by killing everyone in sight - because homosexuality is abhorrent to christians, but apparently mass murder isn't. then there's some other crap thrown in about one of the gay couple's ex-wife trying to force him to remarry her at gunpoint. this leads to nothing, but provides us with one of the funniest lines of dialogue in the whole "film" - "i don't make sense? you don't make sense! that's who makes sense!". brilliant.then there's the acting, which is just atrocious. it must be seen to be believed. my personal favourite is the apparently stoned civil rights lawyer woman, who is clearly reading her lines off of something, yet still managing to mess them up. enough said. the gay couple couldn't be less convincing. there's the vaguely attractive and completely gormless guy, and his boyfriend who looks like that little cartoon dough man of the bisto adverts. only fatter. and less talented. the "film" has also been filmed by someone who is incapable of holding a camera even remotely still, and the number of mistakes throughout is amazing. the whole thing kicks off with the fat main guy in bed with a pair of boots on. yep.but anyways, we all know how terrible this thing is, so i'd like to highlight some of the most priceless comedy moments that the "film" provides. - when the fat guy sets the church on fire and then prances like a six year old girl across the car park to make his escape. hilarious.- mildread! no idea what relation she is to the main characters - sometimes they know her, sometimes they don't, but she pops up in a couple of scenes nonetheless. hilarious.- the stoned lawyer. already mentioned her, but she's so funny she's worth another mention.- the evil brothers dinner of crackers that he lays on for his guests.- the evil brother's anti-gay potion.- the evil brother's cats.- the ending, which i won't give away because it must be seen to be believed. i warn you though, make sure you're not eating at the time!!!! the tub of lard main character/director/producer gets naked. it's foul. basically, ben and arthur is indescribably bad, but unintentionally the most comical thing you'll see for a long time. literally, nothing is good about this excuse for a film, the goon of a director even manages to make the opening credits into a joke by writing his own name about 15 times.

as an actor i really like independent films but this one is amateur at best.the boys go to vermont for a civil service yet when the plane lands it flies over a palm tree - were the directors aware that palm trees are not in vermont? pines yes - palms no. and the same for the wedding service - again nice grove of palm trees.when the boys are leaving vt they apparently could not get a ticket on any major airline since the plane that is filmed is federal express. did they ship themselves overnight in a crate? come on guys little details like this separate an indi film from totally amateur.the christian brother is far gayer than arthur with his bleached hair and tribal band tattoo. the two should have switched roles.the minor characters are laughable and overact something terrible.applause to the directors for making a gay film but pay some attention to your locations and casting next time

this movie is just truly awful, the eye-candy that plays ben just can make up for everything else that is wrong with this movie.the writer/director/producer/lead actor etc probably had a good idea to create a movie dealing with the important issues of gay marriage, family acceptance, religion, homophobia, hate crimes and just about every other issue effecting a gay man of these times, but trying to ram every issue into such a poorly conceived film does little justice to any of these causes.the script is poor, the casting very ordinary, but the dialogue and acting is just woeful. the homo-hating brother is played by the most camp actor and there is absolutely no chemistry between the two lead actors (i think i've seen more passion in an corn flakes ad). the acting is stiff, and the dialogue forced (a scene where the brother is feeding the detective his lines was the highlight).i'm just pleased to see that the creator of this train wreck has not pushed any other rubbish out in to distribution, and if he is thinking of doing so, i have some advise - just don't do it.

let me first state that i enjoy watching "bad" movies. it's funny how some of these films leave more of a lasting impression than the truly superb ones. this film is bad in a disturbingly malicious way. this vehicle for sam mraovich's delusional ego doesn't just border on talentless ineptitude, it has redefined the very meaning of the words. this should forever be the barometer for bad movies. sort of the mendoza line for film. mr. mraovich writes, directs, and stars as blunt object arthur sailes battling scorned wives and the christian forces of evil as he and his partner ben "dead behind the eyes" sheets struggle for marital equality. as a libertarian i believe gays should have a right to get married. ben & arthur do more harm to that cause than an army of homophobes. the portrayal of all things christian are so ugly and ham-fisted, trademark mraovich, that you can't possibly take any of them seriously. arthur's brother victor, the bible toting jesus freak, is so horribly over-the-top evil/effeminately gay that you have to wonder how he was cast in this role. that's because sam "multitasking" mraovich was also casting director. the worst of it all is sam mraovich himself. when you think leading man do the words pasty, balding, and chubby come to mind? sam also delivers lines like domino's pizza, cold and usually wrong. the final tally: you suck at writing, directing, acting and casting. that's the ed wood quadruple crown. congratulations you horrible little man.

sam mraovich should never be allowed to touch a camera again. if he does he should be arrested on the spot...at the very least for petty larceny. anybody who pays even a dime to rent any of his garbage should file a claim and be compensated. this was innocently my first viewing of his "work"...and it will my last. ed wood looks awfully good to me right now.when i return this piece of crap to the video store, i will personally ask that it be taken off the shelf. an active supporter of gay cinema, i am incensed and angered that this warped, exceedingly untalented man-child be allowed to distribute and package something like this, with a coltish pretty boy on the cover (jamie brett gabel, who, thankfully, has no other acting credits in imdb) and an interesting synopsis on the back used as bait, and then market it as a "movie" rental. trust me, this has no place being on any rack anywhere; it is simply not a movie in any sense of the word. offensive, irresponsible junk such as this can only be detrimental to the efforts being made to promote and support gay cinema (hell, gay rights in general!) for those tempting to rent this out because of the cover, you will be disappointed. gabel is not as flattering to look at on film as he is on the cover, and he appears once or twice without a shirt -- that's it. instead, the homely mroavich inflicts on us his own disgusting, sorry-looking dough-boy nakedness.this "thing" he "assembled" is a reverse vanity project for mraovich. both he and his friend michael habousch (who, i understand, puts out similar sleazy garbage) are terrible in this. mraovich is purposely posing as a complete no-talent (in all fields), desperate to grab onto any "loser" attention he can for himself. he is to be pitied.

i have no idea what on earth, or beyond, could have possibly made sam mraovich believe that this would have been a worthy project to undertake. ben & arthur is one of the worst movies ever made. in fact, i see no reason why it should not be at #1 on the bottom 100. for although i have not seen, for example, superbabies: baby geniuses 2 (#5 at the time of this publication), i would venture to guess that that film is considerably better than this oozing wound, because even in its vapid dismalness at least baby geniuses 2 was professionally made. by contrast, everything, and i do mean everything, in this film is completely unprofessional.the movie is intended to be an attack on the christian right's supposed bigotry and hatred toward gays. and i do emphasize "intended." not only does it completely and utterly fail at its purpose, it also leaves an ugly scar. instead of creating a compelling and realistic portrait of a gay couple's struggle against a society that largely opposes them, it creates tired, crass stereotypes of each party involved. ben and arthur, the namesake couple, are portrayed as two crude, sex-starved, and hopelessly romantic cardboard cutouts who marry when the laws change to allow them to do so. this meets with the opposition of ben's brother victor, a christian minister who, like all christians (as this movie would have us believe), is loud, prying, stupid, and violent. he tries to kill ben and arthur after his associations with them get him kicked out of the ministry. just like in real life. and if you think that's dreadful (it is), you haven't seen it all.the actors (?) here manage to completely destroy any vestige of credibility in this movie by saying their lines as if they were narrating a youtube home comedy video. but not even daniel day-lewis and marlon brando as the title characters could have saved this clunker, for there would still be the matter of the completely inane and laugh-inducing dialogue that fills every minute of the movie. every scene has at least one awkward or misplaced quote. for example, in one scene, victor tries to complain about not being able to have nieces or nephews because of his brother's homosexuality. but instead of portraying this idea clearly, he spits out the stupid, utterly confusing, whiny-sounding line, "you know what, i'm never going to have any nieces or nephews, okay, because you're so f***ed up!"even more glaring is the complete lack of production values. yes, i know this ain't the dark knight, but even amateur film makers should know some basics about special effects and editing. for example, six dots of red cake dye do not suffice for realistic bullet wounds. people do not teleport across a room between takes. and objects do not fall forward when shot! do not waste your money on ben & arthur. i don't care if you're 7, 17, or 107. i don't care if you're gay, straight, bi, or undecided. i don't care if you're "just curious." i don't care what pathetic reason you may have to be tempted to buy this dung-heap. stay away, far away. this movie's only redeeming quality is its ability to be used as a frisbee.

i was looking on imdbs bottom 100 because i thought id never seen anything as bad as plan 9 from outerspace or roller ball remake, i was wrong. ben and arthur has beaten both.this out of the many countless amount of movies i've seen is the number one worst film on the i ever saw. bad directing ,bad characters ,horrible acting ,horrible story there's a reason nobody but sam ever says anything positive about this film. sam was a horrible annoying actor but his directing was so bad he may just overthrow ed wood.the director should be ashamed of his work unfortunately i have to give it at least 1 star but it deserves - to be continued stars.

yet another forgettable warners foreign intrigue "thriller," this is rendered even less enjoyable by the irritating presence of lauren bacall, who, without humphrey bogart's tender attentions to humanize her, comes off as her usual shrill, shallow self. even master gigolo charles boyer cannot feign romantic interest in her.

lauren bacall and charles boyer do not provide the right chemistry here in this 1945 film.there is a good story here about the axis trying to obtain coal to use for the upcoming war. unfortunately, this part of the story is not emphasized. instead, we deal with a supposedly bungling boyer. by the way, bacall is as british as vladimir putin.the real acting kudos goes to veteran oscar winner katina paxinou. as was the case with her memorable pilar in the 1943 oscar winner, "for whom the bell tolls," paxinou again plays a spanish revolutionary but this time she is a double-crossing counter-spy for the pro-franco group. she is quite a vicious character here;especially, when she throws a 14 year old child out the window. she believed that boyer had given the child important material to hide.

this is the movie that epitomizes the d&d fear of the 80s (and even today). the fear being that people who play d&d (or any other role-playing game for that matter) will be "sucked in" and lose their ability to distinguish reality from fantasy (and go on killing sprees, child sacrifices, suicide, etc). great movie for anyone who likes to blame the problems of society on inanimate objects, but anyone who has played a role-playing game, a video game, or even acted in a play will see this as an insult to their intelligence. it is to d&d what wargames was to computers. plus as a movie, it just kinda sucks.

i own this movie. not by choice, i do. i was really bored the other day and the box intrigued me. so i popped it in the old vcr and spent the next hour and a half of my life crying "why god why?". the story-line was not that bad, as an gamer i could appreciate bits of it. i think that maybe if you're into super geeky-cheese romantic scenes you'll enjoy this film. "i always thought of myself as a vulcan you know like dr.spock...unable to love" there is very few good things to say about this film, truly it is awful. but if you're up to really badly made film this is the one for you!!! the real story's much more interesting though ;)if i had to sum up this film in one word it would be:lame

many people like to point to this tv movie when arguing with the vast legions of hanks-philes out there that tom did in fact make crappy films (i think "bachelor party" was great, but that's another story). the movie focuses on a "dungeons and dragons-style game" that eventually drives our young gump to hallucinatory madness. the story is charmingly early 1980s, focusing as it does on the imminent threat to our youth posed by those evil role-playing games.i, however, prefer to view "mazes and monsters" as the turning point in the "whatever happened to chris makepeace?" story. we all remember him as 'rudy the rabbit' in "meatballs" and as the hapless clifford in "my bodyguard", where he gave us all a vicarious thrill by beating the crap out of matt dillon. few could argue (especially those of us who read "dynamite!" on a regular basis) that great things were in store for him.and then came rona jaffe. the line between bad acting and bad writing is razor thin, so i leave it to you to decide whose fault makepeace's performance in this is. all i know is that the last major release i saw him in was "vamp", and that was 1986. he had a small role as sean penn's brother in "falcon and the snowman", but by that time the brat pack torch had been passed to others with straighter hair and flashier resumes.i can't in good conscience recommend this movie. watch it if only to see a younger, more idealistic chris makepeace, before rona jaffe feasted on his soul.

i have seen this movie many times, (and recently read the book the movie is based on) and every time i see it, i just want to slap all four of them. the fact that they don't clue in to the fact that tom hank's character is flipping into his d&d(oops m&m) :) persona ("oh, he's just acting in character.") outside of the gaming session. that and the fact that after three months of therapy, let's just destroy all that and feed his delusions! these kind of people are what give rpgs a bad name.also the corny 'love ballad', and the music done by 'cat on a piano' and 'stop us if we get too annoying' are almost enough to set your teeth on edge!

this film is horrible. bad acting, bad writing, bad music. it's just horrible. not only is it incredibly misrepresentative of role-playing games, but the key elements of the film are poorly executed. may the god i don't believe in have mercy on the souls of the miserable wretches who conceived and gave birth to this abomination.

the subject matter seems pretty dated today. adapted for tv from rona jaffe's book; we trip and stumble through a fantasy existence. four college students get deeply involved playing a live version of the board game mazes and dragons (based on dungeons and dragons). one player, a young tom hanks, enters the fantasy world too deep. his co-players must come to his rescue and save him from self inflicted harm.david wallace, wendy crewson and chris makepeace round out the game's foursome. support cast is made up of veteran actors like murray hamilton, vera miles, anne francis and susan strasberg.at this date, it seems lumbering and tame. but the highlight of watching is seeing tom hanks between his "bosom buddies" salad days and his big splash in splash on the silver screen. the youngest of viewer will get most enjoyment.

this film sold for one-dollar at wal-mart on a dvd and so i do not feel like i lost anything for watching this film, except my time. enjoyed the acting of tom hanks, (robbie wheeling), who was very young looking and gave an outstanding performance considering it was a horrible script. the story is about college students who decided to play the game mazes & monsters, only in a very realistic setting. robbie wheeling has had problems in the past playing this game at other colleges and is advised by his parents to leave the game alone and get good grades. robbie meets a very nice gal and has a romantic fling with her and once he starts playing the game, he stops making love to her and acts like a monk. there are some scenes in the film which are taken running around the former world trade center and also in the observation floor and roof area. it is rather sad viewing this part of the film where so many human beings died because of evil in the world. this is not a very good film, except for tom hanks trying to keep the film above the sinking level of entertainment.

this is one of the worst things to ever come out of england, so that says a lot right there. the tension when we have to find out whether or not lembach is staying is amazing though. the upside is seeing the nice secretary, sheila, in her picnic table print underwear for awhile after being captured by dr. rat face. this movie has several views of london too although none of them are good. there is also a point in which there is almost a car accident which gets your heart rate back to just below normal. there is also a watch that gets teleported away, and the fear of the woman not getting her watch back is parallel to the horror of "the sixth sense" only a lot more dull and british. add on a furious gun fight between the british police and the dr. rat, which results in nothing, plus the electrocuting of a lot of people, plus a cat and you have yourself... ummm... a british movie. the mst3k version is pretty good although not one of there bests.

this movie is spoofed in an episode of mystery science theater 3000. i think mst3k was at its best when they ripped this movie.terrible acting, bad makeup, poor effects, chick in skimpy (1960's)underwear. i give it a 2.the villain is hard to understand due to the makeup. the assistant says things like 'not you' that sound like nachoo!! (think sneezing). it's just poor oration. the long eyebrows are hilarious on one of the characters. i still don't know what 'the projected man' means in terms of the plot. i missed some of the beginning though. what is up with this 10 line minimum on posting??

i remember this film, exhibit in barcelona (spain) in 1970, for the time of a week. although it could seems incredible, and i can't offer any explanation for it, this movie was exhibit in a theater dedicated to... movies of art and big quality (that, is, bergman, resnais, malle, buñuel, and... the projected man). few people saw it (luckly people, no doubt) and no reference about this very boring sf movie can be found in the peter nichols science fiction encyclopidie, or about the author of the original novel. very indicative. i remember of it, after all this years, a no-story, a lot of special effects that seems ridiculous effects in fact, and no more. it seems that in some countries the running time is 90 mm. and in anothers 77 min. well, it means only a little more of pain.

ok first of all, this movie sucks. but lets examine why. the proposition that a machine is capable of transforming matter into energy, storing it, and then transporting it and reasembling it is at the least intriguing. but that's as far as they take this premise. instead of delving into what could happen if someone made this kind of machine, they break the damn thing. this could have been a good premise. living with the responsibilty of this kind of power, and dealing with the constant temptation, ie.. the invisible man. but no.. they break the damn thing. and lembach wants to leave. so then the doctor jerry-rigs the thing back together, and trys to transport himself. only to have it goofed up by his beautiful but dumb secretary, (duh). which wouldn't happened if lembach hadn't decided to leave. so now he is roaming the country side killing people because his little experiment failed, and they wouldn't give him money. wah. then to make the movie worse, throw in a dry british relationship between the two semi-competent professors hired to assist him. between their loving sessions, they make a couple of half-hearted attempts to find him while he kills off half of london. all of this could have been headed off by not breaking the damn machine, which would never have happened if lembach hadn't left. this movie tried so i give it an honest 2 stars for effort, but it would have been better if they hadn't broke the damn machine, making lembach leave, making him try it again. damn you lembach!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

the title alone (along with the poster) is enough to give away "the projected man" as an obvious rip-off of "the fly". and bryant haliday, while much better than the typical imdb review would have you think, is nobody's idea of an acceptable stand-in for vincent price. although, come to think of it, who would be, unless micheal gough was available?? still, if you are in the mood to watch a british "hammer" style movie with a science fiction theme about a teleportation experiment gone horribly wrong...well, you still might want to give "the projected man" a pass and rummage around in the 'remaindered' bin at your local wal-mart for another teleporter-accident movie. because this one just isn't all that good.haliday caught a lot of good natured ribbing from the mst3k crew for his part in this movie and in "devil doll", but he is actually the best thing in tpm. maybe he can't carry the movie, but he gets practically no help here from the screenplay. the script bogs down any forward momentum the plot may have in a mire of nonsense about funding and university politics and a guy named lembach and some sinister cabal who want the teleportation machine to fail so they can steal its secrets...or something. so all the dramatic sequences in the first half of movie involve either phone calls or unconvincing special effects with transparent espresso machines and teleporting rats. then when poor haliday gets mutilated by his machine, he has to spend the last part of the film wearing a diaper over half his face and rubber cement over the rest while he electrocutes various londoners who chance across his path. tom cruise and eric roberts using bullhorns couldn't have made this screenplay work. meanwhile all the other actors diligently try to inject life and interest into their roles for this turgid little project, but the screenplay just swallows their efforts whole. the corrupt project administrator frets and fumes and hisses into the phone to his blackmailers, all the while failing to notice that he looks like a werewolf outfitted in a tweed suit and a tattersall vest. haliday's research assistant and ex-girlfriend have the least convincing romance in the history of british horror cinema. his secretary is forced to parade around in her "smalls". none of it really works or gels into a real movie. and it all just kind of stops dead, leaving the viewer going, "eh? excuse me, wasn't there supposed to be an ending here??"still, for all its problems, i can easily name a dozen horror movies from the same period that were as bad or worse, and so could anyone else who follows movies (or who has ever browsed the imdb "bottom 100"). i wouldn't actually pay money to own "projected man", but if it were included in some compilation along with a dozen other movies in a dvd collection, i'd probably feel ok about having it. it's a harmless diversion, perfect for a horror movie film festival, to watched with friends while consuming many beers and snacks on a saturday evening.

professor paul steiner is doing research in matter transference. he has developed a machine that he can use to make an object like a wrist watch or rodent disappear, only to have that object re-materialize in a different location. but there are those at his research facility that do not like or approve of his experiments and will do whatever it takes to see that he doesn't succeed. after a failed demonstration that might have saved his funding, professor steiner decides to test his machine on himself. as expected, things go horribly wrong and he is transformed into a heavily scared madman whose mere touch will kill.in hindsight, maybe it wasn't such a good idea to re-watch the projected man in the same week i watched the fly, return of the fly, and curse of the fly. there seems to be only so many movies about matter transference and the potentially horrendous effects it can have on the human body that one person should be made to endure in a three or four day period. i'm not sure what those responsible for the movie list as their source material for the projected man, but much of it is so similar to the fly movies that it cannot be mere coincidence. however, the projected man isn't even nearly as good as the worst of the fly trilogy.besides being terribly unoriginal, the projected man has several other problems that really hurt the enjoyment of the movie. a big issue i have is with bryant haliday in the lead. he's such a horse's ass that, not only do i not care about his suffering, i actually root for it. supporting cast members mary peach and ronald allen are almost as bad. they're so bland and dull they hardly matter. in fact, there's very little to get excited about while watching the projected man. the soundtrack  not very memorable. the "look"  i would describe much of it as "muddy". the plot  predictable. the action  there isn't any. overall, this is one to avoid.fortunately, i watched the projected man via a copy of the mystery science theater 3000 episode. funny stuff! while not an absolute, very often, the poorer the movie  the better the mst3k riffs. the guys hit almost all of their marks with the projected man. i'll give it a very enthusiastic 4/5 on my mst3k rating scale.

the film, a universal release of a protelco-mlc production, is a boring retelling of the theory of breaking down the molecular structure of an object, capturing it in a cell as "pure energy," and then sending it back complete to a "target area." there is no explanation why this is necessary, but professor paul steiner (played by pock-mocked actor bryant haliday, "devil doll") thinks it's something to dedicate his, and his assistants', pat hill (mary peach) and chris mitchell (ronald allen), lives to. during an experiment before noted dutch scientist "lembach" (gordon heinz), his machine fails due to sabotage, so he has himself "projected" by his secretary, sheila (tracey crisp) to seek revenge. of course, she screws up and he comes out looking like a "pork roast" with the power to electrocute people. with this new-found power, he manages to zap some cockney idiots, a security guy named latham (derrick de marney) and his lab boss, dr. blanchard (norman woodland). he also is able to break into a pharmacy and steal a pair of rubber gloves and a black coat, as well. in the end, though, despite hill and mitchell's attempt to help him, the clown destroys his equipment and himself. on the whole, a completely pointless movie with no message at all. also one of the most depressing color films you will ever see.

the only reason i don't give this movie fewer than 3 stars is because it isn't quite on par with a movie like manos: the hands of fate. this movie's greatest crime is the fact that it is head-meltingly boring & terribly, unforgivably british. the premise of this movie sounds potentially promising, the whole teleporting concept, but the direction they went with it was completely uninteresting. it was more a movie about research funding and bowties than projecting lasers. the actors were wooden, unemotional, and aloof. as was the love affair between the two scientists-- which was anything but intriguing. i never was able to tell what the attraction was between them as the chemistry was non-existent. nor did i really understand why the melty-faced main guy decided to slaughter everyone he met. at least now i know that i should always give someone a fair hearing before i cut off their research grants, else they go rampaging about, killing wantonly with goofy hand gestures.

there has been a lot of love that has been put into wes anderson's "fantastic mr fox", unfortunately all the love is for himself. granted, there has been a lot of time and effort been put into making this ever so self-consciously quirky universe but if only the same time and effort had been put into the script to try and make it funny. the worrying thing is that i think it was, and this is the best that wes anderson could come up with.the animation is good in the close-up shots of the animals, however when the camera is further away everything becomes really harsh on the eyes and to be perfectly honest looks like a bit of a mess. there wasn't really anything special about the acting either, with wes opting to choose his buddies and big names over more specialised voice actors that could have probably made the film better. i'm pretty sure george clooney's voice acting resume consists of two cameo appearances in south park, one of them where he played a dog.the film is too smug and trying way too hard to be clever and different and is typically, despite the film being set in england, all the good animals are typical americans playing baseball, whilst the bad guys are stereotypical english with the most insulting english accents. i cannot stress how much of a waste of time this film is. i didn't laugh once.

after viewing the film, i was truly shocked to see such a high rating on imdb.'the fantastic mr. fox' is an adaption of a beloved children's classic, portraying the story of the smooth, slick protagonist mr. fox (or 'foxy') as he attempts one 'last' heist to steal from the dreaded boggins, bunce and bean. that's right, one short, one fat, one lean, or however it goes.i don't quite know where to start with my criticism.well, i'm in my late teens and was never a fan of roald dahl, but i like his material well enough, having read a few of his books as a child and seen matilda and charlie and the chocolate factory over and over again. this film, however, struggles for an audience. is it aimed at children? adults? i'm still unsure! many of the 'jokes' would bore a child, especially as mr. fox visits a lawyer for example, or complains about being poor. also, an audience of (i'm assuming) children is expected to sympathise with a character who steals and kills chickens. i'm all for the food chain, but you practically see mr. fox biting down on their necks! surely that's a bit much? and also, the plot... well, it's kind of boring. i stayed only with the hope of it getting better, but instead i just got more and more annoyed at mr fox and his son ash for making stupid decisions.the humour, meanwhile, falls flat. i laughed only once or twice, even though i specifically recognised attempts at jokes. i think part of it is that the voice acting is so incredibly flat and monotoned. the voice actors have no sense of comic timing, instead aiming for the subtlety of humour that only works with certain mediums. george clooney aims to portray mr. fox as charming and sleek, but his voice has no character. meryl streep shows no emotion, i didn't even realise bill murray had a role until the end credits, and ash, twelve-years old in fox-years, sounds like he's about 30.i love animation, particularly stop motion, but the visual style actually creeped me out a little bit. characters are tall, spindly and lacking any warmth of design. they move with very little fluidity and often the animation is jerky and strange. there is also a distinctive 'mixed medium' feel, as 2d components are added in sporadically and unsuccessfully. characters look straight at the camera and talked; it was very awkward. there was one or two moments when kylie looked straight at the camera, didn't move and had swirls on his eyeballs. it actually freaked me out.fantastic mr. fox had so much potential. lots of people still seem to like it - look at the reviews. maybe it just wasn't for me.

i saw this movie way back at the first theatrical release, in a justifiably empty theater. believe it or not, after decades of watching movies, this one still sticks clearly in my mind as the worst movie of all time; or at least the worst that i would allow myself to watch.the acting is far beneath the standard set by any random group of drunken high-school students yanked off the street and forced to learn their lines in 5 minutes or less.after the first shock of disbelief, we laughed for a while as each scene hit new lows. but after a while, even that dubious pleasure wore off and it just got to be really sad.

